B0000749CN One good boot. The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe. It comes with two puma cell inserts, one for added comfort, one for added stability. These insoles slip right under the normal insole. They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter, so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger. They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells, but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe.
B0000DEHGM LOOSE RUBBER VERY COMFORTABLE SHOE, FOR ANY ACTIVITY,THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD WAS THE RUBBER THAT COMES UP OVER THE TOES OF THE SHOE CAME LOOSE ON BOTH SHOES AFTER ABOUT TWO WEEKS OF WEARING THEM.
B0001CYF26 surprisingly good (be forewarned that i'm reviewing this shoe from a runner's perspective)the owner of the shop i bought mine from warned me that they lacked cushioning.  i figured he was likely right because it reminded me of my experience with another puma model.  even so, i ran in them for about a block and walked around in them for about a half hour.  since i didn't get any indications of a problem, i bought them.  i'm glad i did, and the discount i got because of the shoe being a poor seller was a bonus.i weigh about 175 but am not exceedingly hard on shoes.  also, i land on my midfoot, so i really can't comment on how cushioned the heel is.  oh, and i'm a neutral pronator.i've found the shoe to be well-cushioned without feeling mushy, fairly light and responsive, and supportive enough to handle my slightly sloppy form at the end of a long run.when i've put more miles on them, i'll be able to comment on durability.
B0002ZBR0K Great Softball Shoe Good fit and great for softball if you don't like wearing full cleats.  Very light, stylish, and comfortable.
B0007DGOY6 Great shoe, they have lasted me 2 years. I really enjoyed these shoes.  They are great for everyday wear and even for jogging.  Plus they have a unique look.
B0009NN9B0 Hidden Comfort!!! I work in a hospital in Radiology, so I am on my feet all day long from the time I arrive at work until I go home.  I bought this style shoe on a whim because they suddenly went 20% off.  So I took a chance.... And man did I ever luck out!!!  This is the most comfortable shoe I have worn in YEARS!!!!  My feet dont even ache when I get home after a non-stop hectic day.  I fell in love with these shoes immediately ..... so much that, I have three pairs of this style shoe.... I bought the Orange, the Yellow and the Blue pairs that they offered (these colors are around the base of each shoe).  They even had a lime green pair that was offered only in Womens and I hate to admit it, but I came very close to buying that pair as well.  If your size is available in this shoe..... get it!!!  You wont regret it!!
B0009PQ8XO I Love These I have always liked Puma shoes and these are extraordinary.  Really comfortable, but I would get a half size to a size larger than you might for another brand of shoe (especially if you have wide duck feet like me).  This style in all black is subdued enough that I can even get away with wearing it as a dress shoe at work.
B0009QGPPO Finally!  A great shoe by Puma! Finally!  A well made, high quality leather Puma shoe that those of us with wide feet can wear!  I have missed you Puma, glad that I can finally wear one of your shoes again!
B0009QGPPO Excellent Shoe I have played soccer for over 30 years.  The Puma King has been my shoe of choice for much of that time.  I was thrilled to see this shoe was available when I was looking for a new trainer. The style, fit, design, and quality are all attributes that i was expecting from Puma.  I looked a lot for new trainers and most are wild colored synthetic uppers.  This is a leather upper with an updated sole.  I recently played with these on a wet field in long grass and did not slip at all. Great shoe and I would highly recommend them!
B0009QGPPO Fantastic turf shoe This is a fantastic turf shoe with good arch and foot support. The sole is on the stiff side, which is great for my foot.Leather upper is great. It accommodates my orthotic.A great turf shoe for sure.
B0009QGPPO Good shoe, but not the size I ordered.. I ordered 12s, but the actual shoe tag said 11.5!Think if they were a half size bigger, they would have been a good shoe for me.
B000BM5L7Y The best shoe ever This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Puma doesn't make this shoe anymore, why I don't know. This shoe holds up very well. Also a very nice looking shoe. These aren't for just baseball, I wear these everyday wherever I go. Only leather upper I can find. Only thing is I wish Puma would keep producing these shoes. Their the best.
B000FPLEOG Great product, and even greater timing! Wow!  I was so surprised to come in today (Tuesday) to find my shoes waiting for me!  I had ordered them the previous Friday, and I wasn't expecting them to arrive so soon!  But there they were!Anyway, with regard to the shoe itself, my feet are wider, so I found the middle split kinda split a little further than I expected, but that's nobody else's fault but my feet's.  The shoe looked exactly as I had envisioned it (and as the pictures indicated).  I would definitely buy from this seller again!
B000FPLEOG Great Fit, Great Price, Great Product If you are looking for a great shoe to go out to the bars in, or an everyday shoe that is not a normal gym shoe, this is it.  I purchased the same size shoe that I normally wear with other PUMA shoes and the fit was great.  They look good with a dark pair of jeans, and i already have had a lot of compliments on them.  Also, you cannot beat the price on Amazon.  Overall, the shoes has been durable and very comfortable.
B000GQ0EGI Great shoe. This shoe is very comfortable and it lasts a long time. It has great traction so u wont slip while walking on wet concrete. It is excellent for playing street soccer because of the traction and it is norrow at the bottom and kind of flat at the top. They r tight but they r supposed to be. It has a weird material that is very slick and the white is a rubber type of material. It is very thin too so that makes it light. It is not the most comfortable shoe i have felt but it is good enough. This is a great shoe.
B000K7EIME Tongue The show was the correct size, but the tongue of the shoe lays right a the crease of the top of my feet.  I can not wear them  The tongue is very stiff, and puts a great deal of pressure at the crease of my feet. If it was not for that, the shoe would be great. I hate the shoes because I can not wear them.
B000K7EIME Like wearing slippers Love this shoe.  I am a nurse and am on my feet most of the day.  These shoes are comparable to wearing slippers.  I usually wear a 7.5 shoe - based on other reviews I read I ordered an 8 and it was a wise choice.  Only downside - I wish there were a little more &#34;padding&#34; on the sole - but I just supplemented with an OTC product.  Will definitely buy again!!!
B000K7EIME Style I've had these particular shoes before and think they're just really stylish for a sport shoe, and very comfortable.  I'd recommend these to anyone who likes a little different look in a sport shoe, yet wants comfort.  Great soles and ideal shoe for everyday, casual comfort and look.
B000M4LCKQ GREAT shoe I own two pairs of Puma's Alpine Trail shoe.  I love them!  The fit is great, very good traction.  Plus, they look snazzy and make me feel like I can get right on a mountain footpath and start hiking.  Of course, this is difficult since I live in Missouri, where there are few mountains...but you get the idea.
B000MIQQOY Good Shoe I use metal cleats as my yard shoes.  Good traction and ariate(sp?) the yard.  The shoes are standard length, but are not very wide, so I needed 1/2 size larger than I normally wear.
B000MS9S6C shoes are great!! they are so different, and everytime i wear them.. i get compliments.. great shoe to buy if you are into shoes and outfits..
B000QDTRF0 Comfortable shoe The shoe is light and very comfortable.It also has a sporty look.Although much of the sporty elastic gets hidden if you wear your jeans and then it looks like an ordinary shoe.But I like the comfort fit and light weight.
B000QDZRKY This is the shoe! Great fit, great feel, may be too low for running on my bad knee, but should be great for the courts.  Only concern is that the logo looks a lot like another brand's logo, no prob for me.  But in all the shoe looks clean, but will be hard to keep that way...lol
B000R4XHRC Suit my needs! I broke my ankle in August and needed a shoe with a thick sole to help minimize the difference in my "boot" and shoe.  This shoe (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00595PAAG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title)does that pretty well.
B000R4XHRC Small and pricey This shoe runs small. I wear a size 9 shoe and I ordered a size 9, but it was narrow and my foot fit the shoe only without socks.Also, beware that if you're ordering your shoes through this merchant, you will be paying shipping both ways. I paid $6.00 shipping at the time of order. Then I paid $11.96 to ship them back because they didn't fit. I paid twice as much to ship them back. In the future I will only be ordering through Amazon.com directly.
B000R4XHRC The every day classic sneaker/ walker I picked a mens size for my wife for which she wears a 9 in a woman size , but the shoe is very comfortable and it gives you that puma classic look so if you work a job with a lot of walking or just looking for a every day (sneaker) ,this is your shoe to get up get out and do something in
B000R4XHRC The right shoe was slightly larger than the left The right shoe was slightly larger than the left other than that they are fine....would have returned but needed the purchase for Atlanta trip.
B000R4XHRC It is a good unisex shoe, however it was better when it was made as a womans shoe on its own. It is a good unisex shoe, however it was better when it was made as a woman's shoe on its own.  This particular one feels quite narrow and not as comfortable as my old one. It is however still a really comfortable shoe and so I gave it 4 stars.
B000R4XHRC Good shoe Great shoe to have. It was really fast and no hastle at all I would be sure to try and order more
B000R4XHRC fantastic I have several pair of this shoe and really like the way it fits my foot. It is also fun as the younger staff where I work think they are cool!
B000R4XHRC Worst order ever. It's the worst shoe I had ever bought in my life.The shoe has not a % of leather on it. The sole?? OMG..........
B000R4XHRC I am enjoying the vintage shoe. For the price, you can't beat it.  I just got them because I like the old school look of the shoe and the price was right.
B000R4XHRC good looking shoe A little tight around top of foot, but looks good on feet,should loosing up when i break them in nice leather as well.
B000R4XHRC nice shoe This shoe is just As advertised in the picture. Size is perfect. Great quality. Looks very good. At the moment no complaints.
B000R4XHRC true to sizes I am not sure sizing is correct or they come tight on size but good looking and light weight shoe to I like.I guess give to try for find out.
B000R4XHRC Perfect Love the way my shoe feel on my feet. They are not heavy at all. Love the design all the way.
B000REX1DW Great shoe from a great seller! Perhaps the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. In addition, I received my order about 2 days after submitting it. These are great to wear with almost anything and it is amazing how fast one can drive while wearing them!
B000REX1DW tight shoe this shoe is not bad at all! kind of tighter than most shoes and not a very wide grip/sole. takes a while to get used to the feeling they are almost like slippers. very light and comfortable.
B000REX1DW Hard Shoe material very hard and Middle part of the shoe is uncomfortable would not purchase this again even the PRIce too high
B000TA77ZM Looks good, runs better The trailfox almost ticks all the right boxes for a trail running shoe. It's got a roomy big toe area which means comfort on jarring downhill stretches. This shoe suits a narrower foot which is perfect for myself, and the foot feel snug and well supported because of this. Dirt finds it difficult to get into the shoe because of the extended tongue and sides around the ankle. The only small mark against this shoe is that it isn't fully waterproof as it will let in some water with exposure to moisture over an extended period.
B000U69V0Y GREAT SHOE...IF IT FITS THE TRAILFOX II XCR IS AN EXCELLENT TRAIL RUNNING SHOE....IT HAS A FANTASTIC SOLE THAT FACILITATES RUNNING ON GRAVEL. YOU DON'T FEEL THE ROCKS AND IT'S DESIGN PREVENTS STONES FROM GETTING CAUGHT-UP IN THE TREAD. THIS SHOE IS PARTICULARLY GREAT FOR COLD AND WET WEATHER. I'VE FIELD TESTED THESE SHOES IN AFGHANISTAN UNDER A VARIETY OF RUGGED CONDITIONS WHILE STATIONED HERE WITH THE US ARMY. MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE FIT...BECAUSE OF IT'S BOOT-LIKE CONSTRUCTION, RUNNERS WITH HIGH INSTEPS HAVE TROUBLE GETTING INTO THEM AND THEY TEND TO BE SIZED SLIGHTLY SMALL. WHEN I CAN GET THEM ON, THE 10.5 IS A BIT SNUG. IT'S PERFORMANCE EXCELLENT.
B0012Q9T44 Love these shoes! I love these shoes!  I bought the White/Iron/Ether color and they are the perfect white tennis shoe.  They look great without socks and I've received more compliments on these shoes than any other tennis shoe I've ever owned.  I literally got two compliments in the airport while traveling.  WARNING:  THESE SHOES RUN A 1/2 SIZE SMALL.  I never wear a size 9 in any shoe, but the 8 1/2 size was too small.
B00169MRR8 nice shoe nice shoe. order 1/2 size smaller. i made the mistake of ordering my size and it was too big.
B0019UBUD6 tlg Good shoe.  Great room in the toe box.  Only thing this needs is a turf sole and could be used for a soccer traininer/turf shoe.Too bad Puma stopped making it.
B001B4WF7K Great looking shoe, little snug for bigger feet I bought these shoes, size 13.  They fit a little snug.  They seem to run a little smaller.  Very comfortable and nice looking.  Good price.
B001B516CE Nice casual shoe Comfy and light. Great shoe that can be worn all day. If you will be doing a lot of walking you might want to get a different insole because the sole is thin.
B001B516CE Great shoe! I've had these shoes for about a month now, and love them. They are very stylish and pretty comfortable.
B001B51W64 Great Shoe Great buy!  You will not be disappointed.  Amazing comfort and fit.  Don't wear in the rain though, you will end up with wet feet but all and all a really great shoe.
B001B51W64 Size UP 1/2 size if you purchase this shoe, great shoe otherwise! Size up 1/2 size if you want to purchase this shoe.  It's a great casual shoe and you should enjoy  the correct comfort in the sizing.
B001B51W64 I miss this shoe... I baught this shoe when I was in Iraq and loved it. It survived the harsh conditions of running in the 120+ degree weather and I wish that they would bring this one back!!!
B001B51W64 I hoped for better the shoe is a good shoe but i expected more from puma and hop much i payed and the problem i had was the toe part of the shoe fell apart and the bottom of the shoe wore down in a little more than a month am i was very dissapionted with that i dont think you should buy the shoe hope i helped
B001B52K0Q Puma Men's Cel Meio L shoe I was hoping for a bit more comfort and padding in a shoe. This shoe really feels like a track shoe. It is stiff and the sole is rigid. Puma seemed to go out of their way to make it look like crocodile skin so it doesn't look much like leather. The fit is true and the shoe is very light-weight. Go to the gym or do wind sprints in this shoe. If you walk around for very long, you will be looking forward to the point where you can take them off.
B001B52K0Q Not comfortable at all Stylish shoe that fits true to size.  But not all comfortable.  Very stiff and tight.  Not really running shoes.  Not bad to were with jeans for a few hours and that's it!
B001B52K0Q Stylish and comfortable For one, let me start this out by stating exactly what I bought and how much I got it for. I bought the Black/Steel/Acacia version of these Puma Cell Meio L shoes, size 11, for $41. I have no idea why these shoes are so cheap. The CELL sole technology splits the sole into small air-filled chambers which compress differently based on weight distribution making for a more comfortable walking experience. It's comparable to Nike Shox, but better executed and better looking. As for the aesthetics.. the top of the shoe has a faux crocodile skin look, and the sides are ribbed pleather with holes for ventilation. My only complaint is that the inner sole shows though the see-through CELL outer sole, but this is minor.Overall, the shoe combines stylish looks with track-shoe performance.
B001B52K0Q You have to be kidding Bought the exact same shoe for $35.00 at a puma retail store. Shoe sold for regular $64.00. Yah!! like Im going to pay three times as much for the same shoe ridicules.
B001B52UFG My 2nd puma shoe I bought this two months ago and the leather wore off very fast..my 2 yr forces look better...This shoe should be worn for when you go out on a date or something. Not an everyday shoe for me...the shoe looks 2 yrs old. lol. However its a great looking shoe. Looks great with designer jeans.
B001B52UFG very narrow shoe Puma seems to sell very narrow shoes that do not fit properly.  Let's say you buy a regular puma suede shoe both size 11 and compare it to this shoe.  The suede shoe is desined more for a human being.  while this shoe is designed for someone who had their feet bound since infancy.
B001B52YSO Great Shoes These shoes are perfect, fit true to size and are comfortable. Great shoe for the price!
B001B52YSO Fairly good shoes I wear a size 14, so I'm always happy when I can find a shoe in my size that looks good. These shoes look good and fit well, but the material is a bit thin, so I wouldn't recommend wearing them in the winter/cold/wet weather. Also, the way they're designed makes the toe bend when driving, which makes it hard to determine how far the pedal is pushed in. It's a good shoe for walking around doing everyday stuff.
B001B52YSO Great shoe Just got this shoe and it is excellent. Very comfortable and quite stylish. The only reason its not a 5/5 is for the first week or so that I had them the left shoe rubbed the back of my ankle and made that a little sore but now that they are broken in they fit perfectly.
B001B52YSO Buy these shoes somewhere else I put the shoes on for the first time and started walking around in them and noticed that my right foot was accelerating a little bit toward the end of my stride as if they were running shoes.  My left foot wasn't doing that.  I looked at the sole of my shoe and could see that the edges had been shaved down.  I look at my right shoe and the rubber at the front of the shoe meets with the sole  much differently than my other shoe.  There's a slight bit of shaving on the left shoe to make the front rubber align with the sole.The shaving is definitely post production because it's not uniform and there are major differences between the two shoes.  I don't see any way these would get past the quality control of a major shoe company like Puma.  I think Shoe Zoo buys shoes that are destined for either an outlet store or the trash bin, and fixes them up to sell at a marked up price.  They sell at a price that's convincing enough to make look legitimate, but low enough to beat out the competitors.  Would return these shoes in a heartbeat if it weren't for the shipping cost.  What a racket.Otherwise the shoes fit good.  I had Puma Roma's before so I figured I could just stay in and order them.  This is the first and last time I order shoes online.
B001B52YSO Crap quality, Crap Size Don't buy this product, seriously.The shoe runs 1 - 1.5 FULL sizes small, and even if I had got the right size I wouldn't have kept this shoe.The tongue is paper thing and the sole is practically Styrofoam.The quality of construction of this shoe is no where near the quality of other PUMA shoes.
B001B540N6 Great Running/Leisure Shoe. Ordered from [...], awesome shoes.  Great for running, but I should have ordered 1/2 a size larger.  Fashion and function in one shoe, you can't beat that.
B001B55JMC Love them by: Vashti H. I love this shoe.  I will admit that I had to choose a half size up from what I would normally wear because all Puma's run smaller and thinner than the average shoe.  I do not have any problems with them.  They are a cute accessory to have and I enjoy them.  Now my only thought is do I buy another pair for back-up since I like them so much.
B001CHCTMC Incredibly good Not only a good looking stylinsh shoe, it also last for ever.I bought it for my wife about 2 years ago and there isn't evena thread out of place.And very confortable too.
B001CHCTQI Bad design The quality of the leather on this shoe is really nice and they're really stylish!  However, the cut of the shoe around the ankle doesn't allow for the shoe to stay on your foot when you walk!
B001CHEPW4 Very good shoe I love these shoes! They're my first pair Puma's and I think I'll definitely buy from them again. The build quality of the shoe is excellent and it feels great on the foot. The sole is somewhat soft and offers great support for any activity. Sizing was very accurate for me considering that I didn't get to actually try on the shoe.
B001CHEPW4 Perfect This is the first time I am buying from this seller..1. Awesome Shoe with perfect fit (Size)2. Comes with couple of lays (I preferred white for this shoe and surprisingly it came with both colors)3. Factory packed with boxBelieve me, you can buy this shoe without any doubt.. Perfect price and delivery in 3 days (I ordered on Thursday and got it by Monday).
B001CHEPW4 Great Sneaker I have bought this shoe before....so no surprises.  It was a gift and very much appreciated.  It also came very quickly.
B001CHEPW4 Great looking shoe BUT slightly undersized Great shoe but there is a quarter inch gap between the toe of the shoe and the end of the insole.  In other words, even though the shoe technically fits, my big toe hangs off the end of the insole, very uncomfortable, had to exchange for one half size bigger.
B001CHER90 great shoe when I saw this shoe it took me back to a time long past. I had to have a pair. I had to wait awhile for one my size to come in stockl but one finally did. i'm glad I ordered them. puma was my preferred shoe in school and always loved them. I read in another review that this one runs a bit small but it's more of a bit narrow(as all puma shoes were and are) the fit was just about right. letting the laces loose for a bit helps with the stretching of the leather and takes some time but eventually it works out. one problem I have with puma(not really a bad one) some shoes run a tad big while some fit just as they should. go over the reviews, before ordering, know what to expect when you get your order. it saves on being disappointed(for a lack of a better word). also product description says this shoe comes with two sets of laces. I only got the ones on my shoes. not a big thing but would have been nice to have the extra set.
B001CHER90 Great looking, stylish shoe but I'm a men's size 14 and this my first pair of the Puma Basket II shoe. They look great and I've received a lot of compliments, but the shoe is a bit cramped in the front if you wear regular sports socks. So, I wear these with really thin ankle socks with untied laces and they fit ok.
B001CHER90 Best Shoe I've found in over 13 years! My 13 year old son wears shoes out in less than 2 months because he has Cerebral Palsy and wears braces on his legs.  His gait is atrocious, and very awkward.  This shoe was the ONLY shoe I have ever found that not only adjusted to the presence of the AFO/brace on one leg and stayed snug up around the foot that doesn't get braced.  Plus, the sole of this shoe lasted ALL SUMMER!  That's unprecedented.  Amazing quality.  Am buying again for school.
B001CHER90 it't great i love the quality of the shoe, i would recommend it to anyone and it's really durablewith its thick sole.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe i reallly like it! I just got it 15 minutes ago and it fits perfectly.It looks very clean and outstanding and i feel like it is one of the best purchases i made!I got the black one and am very happy with itI recommended for everyone looking for a stylish shoe that overcomes the expectations.Thanks PUMA for this adorable shoe.
B001CHG1YY Good Shoes!! I always depend on Puma for its style. The comfort level is low but the style the shoe gives is great! Thanks!
B001CHG1YY Gotta break 'em in The shoes look good, but they are a little tight, but that should be fine once they're broke in.  I don't care for the wide shoe laces, and the suede's dye has stained the shoe laces already (I've only had them for 3 days now).  Other than that, I think they'll be fine and comfy.  If these last a few months without problems, I may get another pair in another color.
B001CHG1YY PumaLife I like the pumas but they run a little big. The shoe is very fresh and comfortable. Might purchase a few more
B001CHG1YY suede shoe like this shoe so much that i plan to order some in the next couple of days thanks, thank ,thanks
B001CHG1YY Good shoe, below average durability My son loved these shoes and said they were quite comfortable. After daily wear, it should be noted that baby toes will poke through the suede on the sides. I think we got 4 months out of his pair. I consider this below average since he didn't grow out of them. Nice looking shoes, however with good inside cushioning made them a very comfortable shoe for daily wear.
B001CHG1YY Comfortable and Stylish I'm always nervous when I try out new shoe brands as I have super wide feet and they usually end up feeling like tiny foot prisons.  Not these shoes!  These Puma sneakers are padded and comfortable without feeling like I'm walking on an air mattress.  They have a firm, supportive sole and enough width and flexibility that my monster hooves feel snug and comfortable.The selection of colors is amazing!  Wearing a size 14, it can be hard to find shoes that come in more than black, brown, or white.  This shoe comes in a rainbow of cool colors, and are affordable enough that I can splurge on several pairs to suit my many colored moods.  I have the Cabaret/Blue Curacao combo and I love it.  The pink is more raspberry/fuchsia than it looks in the picture (the blue is also a bit darker than it appears int he picture) but it's still an attractive, stylish shoe - I've gotten so many complements on it!If you have wide feet, I would definitely suggest giving this shoe a try as you may be surprised at home comfortable it is.  Mine stretched to fit my feet after only one or two wearings and now fit like a second skin!
B001CHG1YY Classic Tennis Shoe This shoe is a classic tennis from my childhood. It's still stylish and comfortable on my feet. What a bargain!
B001CHG1YY Shoe are nice, but feel cheap Shoe are nice, but feel cheap. The suede is nice, but there is no arch support and it feels like I can push my foot through the shoe.
B001CHG1YY love this shoe They were a gift for my 20 yearold grandson and he loved them.great shoe comes with two set of laces wide white and regular in black.
B001CHG1YY a narrow shoe...tight fit My son bought these for his dad on his birthday as a surprise, my husband wears a size 12.5 to a 13 but these shoes are somewhat tight on his feet. I recommend you go up a 1/2 size from the largest shoe you wear. Other than that both my son and husband love the shoe.
B001CHG1YY Left shoe disintegrated.  Right shoe is nice. Shoes were comfortable and fit well.  Small tear appeared in left shoe suede instep after 1 wearing.  Over the course of 2 weeks, more appeared, until the suede ripped and peeled off the shoe lining.I suspect that this case is an anomaly, but I'm not buying another pair.  The suede just doesn't seem very durable.
B001CHG1YY They run a bit large, but a great shoe... Again, Pumas in general run big, but this is a great shoe. Very comfortable.A no-brainer for the price.  ;)
B001CHG1YY Love this Shoe ! I have always loved the style of the Puma tennis shoe. I think it is timeless and much better than what is out on the market now. I plan on getting every color. Also Amazon has the best prices so far,better eBay!
B001CHG1YY Great shoe I love the shoes looks great feels great . Lots of compliments on &#34; the old school look&#34; arch in right shoe a little high but I expect them to break in
B001CHG1YY Cheap shoe. It works. This shoe was fairly cheap.  It fits as expected.  Not super comfortable but nothing unbearable.  I would recommend this shoe if you want something cheap and aren't going to run or walk long distances.  Otherwise there are better shoes.
B001CHG1YY Excellent This is my second Shoe of the same type with different color.Fits perfect and more than that comfortable which is more important.Perfect shoe......
B001CHG1YY Great shoe!!! I just  love this retro style shoe!!! I have at least 5 pair of these types of shoes. I will buy more when I find colors I like.
B001CHG1YY Nice good looking shoe It is a nice and stylish shoe. The only problem was that the style and material was different from the puma suedes I used to own. My fault for not checking out the material. Also the shoe runs a little larger than regular shoes, which is something to keep in mind when ordering pumas. The return process was easy and I would've easily got one a different size, but these shoes were just not what I was looking for
B001CHG1YY Good shoe but just a little to big Love the shoe.  I matched the same size of my older pumas but came to find out that the shoe is just a little too big.  Nonetheless, I am going to keep them.  The problem isn't bad enough to warrant a return.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoes Not sure why the rating on these shoes is only 3 1/2?  I love these shoes. They are comfortable and allow my feet to breath.  great looking shoe and they come with an extra set of shoe laces.  Perfect!
B001CHG1YY Great fit and finsh, terrible workmanship I love the feel of this shoe, the look and the brand. However it has been 3 weeks since I purchased them, 2 weeks since they arrived at my house, and there is a hole in the suede of the shoe. Right where the rubber meets the suede. In the insole. Hard to believe. I can send a picture to any non believers.
B001CHG1YY Comfy shoe, but some issues First off, the shoe is really nice straight out of the box. It is sleek, soft, and comfy. These are really great shoes to walk around in, my only issue with these sneakers and the reason for the 3 star review is that the puma sign is white and the material get dirty instantly. I mean wearing the shoe for a day or two and the sign is all blue and black from jeans and whatever else. I have had these in the past and there were no such issues, so this is some new material that they are using. The shoe looks dirty and old within a couple of days.Overall, this is a super COMFORTABLE SHOE, so if you can look past that issue i would highly recommend you try this shoe for everyday walking.
B001CHG1YY nice looking shoe this shoe is a bit narrow but it fits nicely and is comfortable. I am glad I bought this pair.
B001CHG1YY Hard to improve upon a classic! Iconic, good-looking, comfortable shoe.  My first pair since jr. high school.  Liked them then, still like them.  The Suede Classic is basically the same shoe as the original Puma Clyde: the first basketball star-licensed sneaker, from Walt (Clyde) Frazier, who knew style and liked to look good on and off the court. (Before the era of basketball stars competing to put their name on the most outlandishly hideous galoshes.)After all the years of being forced to buy increasingly gaudy, clown-like sneakers at the mall sport shoe stores, I rebelled and started shopping online a few years ago. Wanted a casual sport shoe that looked like a casual shoe, and actually went with the rest of my clothing--not like my feet were on acid. Loved the Emerica Reynolds Cruiser in the new lines of skateboarding shoes with a classic retro look--simple, elegant suede styling with comfy padding. Bought several colors until they were recently discontinued (even ordered my last pair from Europe).So, went online shopping again...and low and behold: my original Puma Clydes! Just as classy and comfortable as ever. And I'm obviously not the only one who's sick of ugly sneakers: everywhere I go, people compliment me on my shoes. Yet the mall stores still stock the clown shoes.Steeple Gray color looks great, and Curds & Whey is nice too (a little more tan and better looking than the color pictured here, which looks yellowish).By the way, I didn't find these run small. My normal size fits fine--if anything just a tad long, with plenty of toe room.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe This pair is just another example of why Puma remains my favorite brand of shoe.  They are so comfortable to wear and go with such a wide variety of clothes.
B001CHG1YY Good shoe, good price, runs small Great shoe, however you should order one size up because the shoe runs small. I ordered a size 14 for my boyfriend who normally wears a size 13 and the shoe fits nicely.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe, somewhat snug. Great shoe and color. Fit is somewhat tight for wider feet, so be warned. Overall, a great product. Would buy again.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe for dancing I bought these shoes to breakdance in, and I wore them for over 6 months.  They are super comfortable to walk around in and seem to mold to your foot.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe Very comfortable and looks great. Your friends and co-workers will be so jealous when you show up wearing these things: they'll totally freak out.
B001CHG1YY Great Price!  Very Nice Shoe Great price! Very Nice Shoe.  Exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend to anyone looking for a classic sneaker.
B001CHG1YY too feminine my son didnt like the design..he felt they were way to girlie for a mans shoe. Puma is a great and well made shoe and the company is responsive.  picking out another style
B001CHG1YY Everyone loves them I get a comments all the time on how great the shoe looks and surprised they are still made in the old school look.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe! This shoe is not only nice and unique looking but, it fits great!  There is no need to break this shoe in.  Fits as expected and you will get complements wearing them!
B001CHG1YY LOVE THIS SHOE!!! I own three pair of the Puma Suede Classics and will continue to add more. They are very comfortable, and for the price, there just isn't a better shoe in my opinion.
B001CHG1YY Great looking shoe This is a fantastic looking shoe and really comfy as well. The midsole is soft enough without feeling squishy, so walking around all day in these feels great. The one downside however is that they get dirty really easily, and are a bit difficult to clean - more so than other sueded shoes I've owned before. Other than that, amazing value.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe, very comfortable! Shoe arrived on time though I ordered a second pair of other pumas that were not shipped. Look great and feel comfortable so far. Only real complaint is that the white suede strip on the sides isn't bright white as it appears in the photo. It's more of a tan color really. Other than that they are great. I look forward to see how they hold up as time goes by.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoe Like the looks and the comfort.  Only issue is what some others have stated which is that i ended up needing a 1/2 larger than I normally wear.
B001CHG1YY very good looking shoes Shoes are very nice! However just a heads up: the fabric on the shoe can easily get messed up or scoffed up so be cautious.
B001CHG1YY shoe rocks They were accepted by the person they were intended for, so I was a good buy and my son is happy.
B001CHG1YY Great classic shoe! Puma Suedes are a great classic shoe and thankfully haven't been screwed up by being made and sold in stupid colors and designs like many other classic shoes such as the once mighty Converse All-Stars.
B001CHI6J2 Why is it a running shoe? I do not understand how this can be a running shoe. I bought it at Puma outlet store for 30$. I liked the way the shoe looked and felt 30$ was a steal. First of all I had to buy a 9.5 shoe instead of my regular 8 Size. I still could not understand that. I feel pain when I wear them and run. Worst of all I got rough skin using them. There is too much of friction when I use them. One rainy day I slipped wearing them. I like the flat soles but this shoe cannot be a running shoe. Now, I just wear them to school. For running, I had to buy another shoe.
B001DXEK9A nice shoes Really like this shoe. It fit perfectly and makes my feet look tiny (I'm a size 8). I get a ton of compliments whenever I wear it, from men and women.
B001E1EJ1U Good shoe at a fair price The sole is a little stiff for a kids shoe but looks sharp, and he'll surely wear them in in no time ;)
B001E1EJ1U Comfy shoe...runs a little big This is a really good shoe I think it runs a bit big BUT not too much. Very comfy to wear.
B001E1EJ1U Boat Fitting Love the shoe but, the fit was too large. My feet lifts out of my shoe when I walk. Not cool
B001E1EJ1U GREAT SHOE THIS IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOE.  USUALLY LEATHER SHOES ARE STIFF AND TIGHT, BUT THIS SHOE IS OOH SOO COMFORTABLE.
B001FFGONG Fit me perfect! Most low cut socks either ride too high or slip below my shoe but these come to just the right spot so my ankle doesn't rub against the heel of my shoe.
B001H0EY5E Not worth the price. I purchased this shoe because it reminded me of a pair of Nike's that I had bought years ago and loved. For the price, I would expect a better quality shoe and one that was actually intact. One of the shoes, the tip of the toes, the material was never properly attached to the sole of the shoe. They are not nearly as comfortable as I would have hoped. Definitely not worth $70 that I paid for. It is hard to find a good quality and comfortable shoe these days and get it for a price that is reasonable.
B001H0F26O Great all around The Drift Cat II is easily my favorite pair.  I picked up the black leather with the Ferrari logo.  While a great shoe for everyday driving, they really come into their own when driving a stick on the racetrack.  When I take my Mazda out, the shoe's thin sole allows me great pedal feel and the rounded heel makes for easy heel/toe-ing.  I'd recommend these shoes to any automotive enthusiast who wants the best track shoe without a sponsorship. I doubt everyone wants a Ferrari logo, but its definitely a conversation piece.  ;)
B001H0F26O Sleek as a cat, sexy as Megan Fox! After wanting a pair of Puma shoes for over 25 years...I finally got the Puma Drift Cat II perforated leather shoe. What happened when I first wore them outside? An attractive woman complimented on them! Since then, I have been getting compliments left and right from men and women alike. This sleek, sexy shoe oozes good looks and comfort. Just be sure to get a HALF size larger than normal. If your feet are wider, even go a full size larger. Simple....done! I wear these with jeans, shorts and even my scrubs at work in a hospital...and they still never fail to get compliments! The oil and slip-resistant soles are also a huge plus, and the rounded heel offers driving comfort for hours behind the wheel of my Porsche. After all, its a motorsport-inspired shoe!
B001H0F2T6 cool style with Puma comfort! I purchased this shoe at a shoe outlet and got a size 9 which is usually what I wear...or an 8 1/2. But 9 was too small. I wore the shoe anyway because it was so cool!!! So whe I had the chance to buy a 9 1/2 I did! Still love the style and now it is more comfortable!!
B001H0F70A Great Product I love Puma's, and I LOVE the GV Special line.  The only reason this shoe get's 3 stars is because my feet are too wide for it.  I wish Puma would make this shoe wider so that I can buy it once again!
B001H0FG5Q Exactly what I was looking for Lowest price on the internet. Shoe is very comfortable and stylish. If you wear two different size shoes depending on the name brand, go with the higher number. For example I have 11's and 12's, get the 12's.  I just may buy Puma sandals for the summer. Would definitely recommend the shoe.
B001H0FHWI Great Ducati/Puma Shoes! I recently ordered these shoes and I must say that they are very nice. They do not offer any protection for your ankles, however so buyer beware. Personally, this does not bother me while riding and I prefer the style. I will also say that the protection on the top of the shoe for clutch lever is to far forward. I find that where I clutch is closer to the laces so this protective area on the shoe does not help. Even so, I definitely recommend these shoes.
B001H0FMQE awesome shoe Love this shoe.  Super comfy as well as great look.  You can run in these however, if you put in many miles on the treadmill or road you will start to feel it in your feet.  Great all purpose and I get tons of compliments on the look.  Have them in blue and pink!!
B001H0FMQE very nice running shoe I like this shoe's style and quality of workmanship.  It does however run at least a half size small from what I am used to buying.
B001H0FX40 Great shoe! Great shoe!  It was more gray than "Natural" colored.  They run small - about a half size, but if you wear them around the house with two pairs of socks for a few hours, they fit like a glove.LOVE MY PUMAS !!
B001KW0I36 RUNS SMALL I bought these shoes for my daughter for back to school.  At the time she was wearing a size 13 shoe.  I bought all size one shoes (6 pair) for back to school.  They all fit perfectly except this shoe.  It was very tight, and she complained that they were too small.We gave the shoes to one of her friends who really loved them.  They looked good and are very cute.  She wore a size 13 and they fit her perfectly.  However I could not see how a sock could be worn with the shoe.  The shoe looked great.  I gave the shoe three stars due to them running small.
B001OOMT9Q Fashionable and functional sneaker The Ring Knockout is a boxing/wrestling styled sneaker with a solid sole (not split sole for anyone looking to use it as a wrestling shoe). It is quite comfortable in terms of cusioning and construction although I myself wear an 11, the traditional puma sizing of being about half a size or so too small still holds true.The bottom part of the shoe is made of black leather and a grey satin material while the top is a cotton/polyester type mesh. I was caught in a recent rainstorm with them on and the leather wiped off quite easily and they are "fairly" water resistant (I didn't step in any puddles).While I have worn them for an entire day I never put them to use walking around a huge city or some sort of park, but for something that is not as cushioned as a walking or running shoe they do the job quite nicely and look unique while doing it.Just remember order a half size up.(I'd go 4.5 stars but amazon doesn't do that).
B001OOMUOU Way too small The Speed Cat Ballerina is a neat mary jane sandal type shoe that is supposedly made for driving. I wouldn't say it's even made for walking mostly due to the incredibly small fit of this shoe (even for a Puma, which usually run small).Long story short, any redeeming qualities of this shoe for me are essentially cancelled out by it being what I would presume is at least a size and a half smaller than marked (and being they only make it in size 11, this doesn't help me).Perhaps if the toe area wasn't so cramped (or if I had a smaller foot) I'd have more to say. The quality of the shoe is quite nice overall with a smooth leather and fine stitching. Don't let me turn off potential buyers (it is not a sneaker everyone would have), but beware this shoe runs extremely small, order at least a size up I say.
B001OON2BA Quality shoe This shoe is well-made, attractive, and priced at or less than other namebrand shoes. My son is in love with these shoes, they are comfortable and not as clunky-looking as most athletic shoes.
B001OON2BA good shoe great shoe very light, look totally sick! have not worn through in any places like some shoes have i really like driving in them. very comfortable and good lookin what more can you ask for?
B001OON48G Mixed feelings but overall a great feel and look shoe This shoe looks great! I love the white strap that wraps around the width of the shoe. It gives a nice sharp and sleek look to the shoe.Since I don't really like the whole skateboard culture kind of shoe, I felt a little weary buying this shoe as it does have some implications of that kind of shoe. However, this shoe does look great and feels great on your feet. It's an awesome casual shoe.However, perhaps because the bottom side of the shoe is white, but it is extremely easy to get it dirty. After only about 2 weeks of use, the white portion is already gray.Overall, I would buy it because of it's cheap price ($35) and because there are no shoe laces. Who likes shoe laces? Why can't we all just be simple and like kids again, never having to worry about typing shoe laces. Just slip on the shoe and you're set to explore the world.I say buy with confidence but awareness that the shoe may get dirty rather quickly.
B001OON9DQ Great comfort, though more loafer than sneaker Not sure how "racer" is appropriate to this shoe; certainly they're not like any track shoe that I've been familiar with in the past, both long and recent. But as casual wear footwear this L.I.F.T. Racer is actually pretty sweet. Extremely lightweight and airy, though I likely wouldn't wear these in chancy weather given the large number of breathing holes at the back of the shoe and the extensive use of mesh on the top and tongue surfaces. The loud colors of a couple of its versions (I got the yellow ones) does take a bit of getting used to for more conservative tastes, but overall I'm impressed by the overall comfort and wear of these. They definitely wouldn't be my first choice for sporting activities like running or basketball, but it's a bonus that they're flexible enough that I could do either of these activities if a dedicated pair of athletic shoes wasn't handy.
B001OONB66 Hot Shoe This shoe is great.  I wanted a bright yellow driving shoe to match the car, and Puma makes a good driving shoe with plenty of grip, good feel, and light weight.  The suede means you better noy drive in the rain and the arch support is moderate like most driving shoes, but it is one of the best I have purchased on balance.  I highly recommend it.
B001OONCDS Gets it done I loved the shoes when I got them, but the elastic shoe string straps broke. The Velcro still holds the shoe closed and they still work so I guess its OK.  I don't recommend the shoe for running.  I just use the shoes for lifting as they provide a balanced flat grip on the floor.
B001OONDM8 The Most Comfortable Gym Shoe Ever This shoe is fabulous!  I bought a men gym shoe in a smaller size because they are an excellent pass for a women style sneaker.  I tried these on in the store before I came back to buy them on Amazon (because it was cheaper) and they are very comfortable.  I love these much better than any Nike shoe the style and comfort just doesn't compare.  They are great I have had them for over a year now and they still look brand new and feel just as good as the 1st day.  They hold up well because the quality is exceptional!  Love em'
B001OONE3Q Odd, but pretty good. I'm an older guy. This is the first pair of Pumas I've had since I replaced my old leather-soled football cleats with a pair of Puma soccer shoes with rubber soles and short rubber cleats. That was in the mid 1960's. These sneakers felt like my old soccer shoes when I put them on. Not a bad thing, but not the comfort of a shoe that had the benefit of over 40 years of shoe technology. The sole is the thinnest I've seen in 40 years, though the heel is cushioned. I think they might feel really weird to a younger person without a point of reference. That said, they won me over after a few days. I wear them for walking and they actually turned out to be pretty comfortable.The first thing I noticed, that I didn't read on Amazon's product page, is that the tongue is sewed onto the body of the shoe. That makes it kind of like putting on loafers, or galoshes. If you are a style setter you could wear them without shoe laces and they wouldn't fall off your feet. But I'm not a style setter, and that is what caused me to try this shoe to begin with. Its styling is sedate compared to today's other "athletic shoes" with all the colors and stripes and lights blinking in the heels.Bottom line - a rather odd shoe, in today's times, that actually turned out to be pretty good. They're not the most comfortable shoes I have but I do wear them several days every week with no problems.
B001SAP4MA My absolute Fav! These shoes are absolutely AMAZING!! The colors are outstanding and a very sharp looking shoe. This shoe is unlike another running shoe. They are snug to your feet but not too snug. I feel like my feet are very well supported. The only negative I would have is that the shoe laces are a little short. I have a wider foot and even though I feel these shoe are great I don't like to lace them too tight and there for the laces are a little short. I haven't decided if I will be replacing the laces on my own or just using them as is.
B001TDDL8A Puma Running Shoes Not the perfect shoe, but good.  Taking a while to wear in but good support.
B001VH73BK Great shoe Friend was excited about shoe.  Recommend ordering size larger than normally worn for proper fit.  Good buy.  Shipping met deadline as promised.
B001VH75I6 Great Shoe This shoe was comfortable and durable. I am hard on shoes and I was quite happy with this one. It is a very cute and girly version of a classic shoe. So happy to find it in my size.
B001VH7FA4 Not Loving this one These shoes look so good online but the toe part of the shoe is rounded and makes for a dimpled puckered effect in the toe area and a rather unconventional appearance. I still like Puma generally and will continue to buy them.  The shoe runs smaller probably due to the shape of the shoe which is narrow between the back and front of the shoe.  I love the colour which is one of the reasons I was determined to purchase it but after wearing it a few times I don't know if I will wear them again.  This is totally my fault as I could have returned them however I decided to wear them and now I am stuck with them.
B001VH7FA4 Great shoe! I have always been a fan of Puma's but these are the best.  The color is great and they are very comfy. The sizes run a little smaller since my other Puma's are a 1/2 size smaller.  They are easy to keep clean as well since they are not fabric.  Would highly recommend!
B001VH7R1Q Very comfy and good looking sneakers I bought these Pumas to wear to work (a business-casual yet slightly conservative HR environment) after a bunionectomy. I was told by my doctor that after I wore the 'boot' for six weeks, I would need a tennis shoe to transition into.  These Pumas were perfect.  They were sleek looking which allowed me to wear them under black and grey slacks without being obvious tennis shoes (although I had a note from my doctor that instructed me to wear non-dress code tennis shoes, I still didn't want to rock the boat by wearing big, outlandish, obvious tennis-shoe/sneaker type shoes that screamed "I'm not wearing dress shoes!") These Pumas offered enough room to accommodate my still swollen foot, yet was very comfortable and offered a lot of support.  They're a comfortable shoe to wear even if you're on your feet all day.My Aunt complimented me on them during a recent family visit and I in turn bought her a pair, she also loves them.  This is a shoe that looks sleek and trim, even on my size 11s.  They look great under dress slacks and jeans.
B001VH81PM Minimalist Running? Transitional Shoe I recently read Christopher McDougall's "Born to Run" and wanted very much to dive right into barefoot/minimalist running shortly thereafter. I bought Vibram Five Finger shoes and realized I was doing too much too soon (TMTS)... I got the dreaded TOFP (top of foot pain) that I'd read about on some barefoot running blogs... So what's a girl to do? Buy more shoes of course!I ordered the Puma K-Street II shoes as a transitional shoe, and then will move toward the Merrell Pace Gloves and Vibrams again once my feet have strengthened to the point that it makes sense to move on. I ran a mile in these shoes the other day and it felt good. I usually wear a 6.5 in Puma's, and had to order these in a 7.5 (after reading other reviews that said they ran small). I wish they had a 7, because they seem a LITTLE bit larger than I'd like, but all in all, a solid shoe. Super lightweight, good ground-feel for a transitional shoe, and enough padding that I'm not going to quickly get stress fractures in my foot from doing TMTS!
B001VH832I I don't like it. The picture looks good but in person the shoe is very "funny". It's a little uncomfortable and it's appearance is eye catching. I prefer low profile clothes and this shoe doesn't match me. I wish I didn't spend the money for it.
B001VH832I love it this shoe is very comfortable. i started wearing pumas about 5 years ago and i have gone different since. it is really nice and i am getting great reviews about it.
B001VH8BCU Comfortable & Nice just like the photo. I love these shoes! They look exactly like the photo and they are very comfortable. But one word of advice I suggest you get maybe half a size or 1  size bigger because if you get your exact size you may risk them being a little snug. Also the shoe laces, I dont like the look of the tied shoe laces with these shoes so I just tuck them in so they look like the photo. The shoe laces are very thick there one blue lace and white lace for each pair, also another reason to order a size bigger.
B001VH8HBK These shouse are decent. They are a half size too big for me but that's because my feet are kind of wide. So for me either 8 1/2 or 9 work for me depending on shoe brand. They are really light and It would be nice if the shoe would breath a little better. They are in my opinion made for like going to the mall or something.
B001VKXFIC Puma Ducati's Good looking shoe, but they have a funny arch in them, so it may be best to try this style on first.
B001VKXHI0 very well I bought this shoe for I bought this shoe for my son, he liked a lot and am very well. this model is very functional pumamy son, he liked a lot and am very well.
B001VKXHP8 love pumas I love these shoes. the only complaint I have is that the top of the plastic part on the toe of the shoe has ripped away from the mesh. The mesh (white) is hard to keep clean too. Other then that I love these show. They are comfortable & I like that the younge is sewn in on the sides of the shoe. Ya can just slip your foot in & go!
B001VKXHP8 Review from Puma Employee The Voltaic is a classic Puma athletic shoe that has been around for years. It is a great walking shoe, great work shoe (particularly if you're on your feet all day), and great casual shoe. The heel of the shoe contains Puma's fantastic ten-cell technology which has two layers of an innovative gel, with the bottom providing shock absorption and the top layer providing added comfort. If you are a runner, however, this is not the shoe for you as there is very little support in the ball of the foot. For running I strongly recommend the Puma Faas running line, including the 250, 300, 500, 550, and 800.
B001VKXHP8 great shoe for the price I purchased these shoes for a nice casual yet comfortable shoe I could wear on a trip to NYC.  These shoes were extremely comfortable for all the miles we put on.  They look great with jeans and yoga pants!
B001VKXX20 Great Shoe This a great shoe.  I work out in these shoes six days a week.  They stand up to a strenuous workout and look great.
B001VKXX20 puma shoe i like this shoe very much.i recommend this shoe to others with out any second thoughtfinally i like to say it worth more than it's price
B001VKXX20 Slender shoe but big size I know a lot of people look for wide flat Pumas, but this is the best you're gonna get unless you design a shoe with the company.  That said,  this shoe on my dumbass wide flat feet touches the important surfaces without be being cumbersome.  I've worn Pumas regardless for years, (Turin, Speeder, some other thing) and I always adjusted but now I feel okay.  Still have a flat foot crease, but whatta gonna do?
B001VKXX20 great shoe This was a great buy. Shipped really quick. Only downfall to this shoe it runs a bit small/snug. with the single sole construction. there is no actual tounge to the shoe. great running shoe.
B001VKXX20 Very Comfortable Got these specifically for running.  They are a comfortable fit.  The tongue of the shoe is attached to the sides of the shoe so it can't slip down which I found to be a neat concept.
B0023NUMEQ Great Shoe for a 1st Grader! This shoe does not only fit the "cool" factor for a little boy, but meets mother's approval and is not distracting (no lights, no mature graphics).  It is also great b/c of the laces. Most shoes are velcro and kids do not learn how to tie their own shoes.  This one is perfect.  Only concern is that they are hard to get on.  My son's foot is normal and even on the narrow side, but we have a hard time slipping them on with out opening the tongue completely open.  Regardless they are still a major favorite!
B0023NV8D0 c This shoe has amazing style and detail!ALL kids love them.Whoever wears them people will be attracted to!Your like a magnet!If you want a atheltic shoe that has style,this is the one!Now this is a good buy!
B0023NVE1G great shoe i really like this shoe since the velcro makes it a lot easier to put on his foot. especially when he wants to kick his feet around to avoid wearing a shoe.
B0023NVG2I great fencing shoe Pumas make a great fencing shoe. We have been using them for the twins for the last 2 years and have been happy with how long they last. love the heal on these shoes too.
B002ACPK24 Great Shoe I can honestly say that this is a great shoe. It was priced at an amazing price on amazon here. The shoe is of mesh material which allows the shoe to breath just right to help reduce the sweat on feet, works great.
B002C4JY0Y Shinier than your average Puma I had this shoe in the white/blue and couldn't find it anywhere, so I decided to get the black/silver version, hoping that it was similar in fit and style. Not so much. This has a shiny finish, and the laces are really stiff, and short. The entire shoe is really kind of stiff, even though I've worn it for a while now. You can kind of see the sheen in the image-- this is exactly the way it looks in person. As with most Pumas, this shoe runs a half size small, so order up half a size. I'm still a huge fan of Pumas, though. This off-purchase won't deter me!
B002C4K2RS Good Shoe On my quest to take better care of my feet I bought this shoe. I don't do pink normally, but since I am getting a bunion from wearing ill fitting shoes in the past I bought these. Didn't realize how difficult it is to find half sizes (I used to wear an 8, now I need 8.5). What a bummer! I bought these ONLY because I had been searching the internet for so long for a 8.5 shoe and this was the only one I could find.Anyway, this shoe is like not wearing shoes at all. The soft leather fits around my foot like a sock. I haven't even had this shoe a year yet I don't think and already I have worn them out. The only negative thing I would say about this shoe is that, having just visited the podiatrist last week, I can't wear the shoe anymore b/c he told me to only wear shoes with a "box" toe and these are pointy toes. That's the only downside. But if you can get style and comfort in one shoe, this is the shoe.But I have to have surgery on my big toe (which involves filing and will have to have pins inserted in my toe joint) so my relationship with pointy toe shoes has to end. Take my word for it, take care of your feet!
B002C4K3GS Good shoe Shoe fits well - looks nice - water resistant.  I wish it had better arch supports, but that's what Dr. Scholl's are for!
B002C4KA9S perfect for strolling about town this is an urban shoe.  it is to be worn when walking around town, trying to look good.  for such activity, it is perfect and its price reflects that.  do not wear this shoe for running!  you will be sore for weeks.
B002C4KC5A Great shoe I loved the look of this shoe and I wish they would have stayed a little cleaner for longer. That was my fault. Great shoe and a great price. I recomend this shoe to anyone I even have a wide foot and it worked great for me. It's the old model of shoe but what a great look should bring it back.
B002C4KEAI PUMA Great fitting shoe and true to size.  Love the velcro without feeling too old lady-ish for having velcro v shoelaces!!
B002CZOIF4 dan n Cool looking shoe not much support in the soul of the shoe and after one week of semi moderate use I discovered a whole on my small toe; the stitching had come loose. I did enjoy the shoes while they lasted just wished they lasted longer. Design great materials used crummy.
B002ECFBUQ Very Comfortable I hadn't purchased puma in a while.  I have very high arches and have a hard time finding a comfortable shoe.  I really like the way my feet feel in this shoe.  I've since purchased several variations of Puma and absolutely love them on my feet.  I also bought my husband a pair, he is just the opposite-flat feet -no arch.  This is also his favorite shoe and he too has purchased a few Pumas and no longer complains about foot aches.
B002ECFBUQ Comfortable When I first got this shoe it seemed a little small, but I kept it hoping it would loosen up some and it did. I like that the tongue is attatched. That makes the shoe more comfortable.
B002ECFSEK small boot-tree The shoe is fashion, beautiful but if you have not bought shoes Puma before or do not remember which are usually smaller (this is my case), you must be careful to select the size. In my country I shop a original Sckecher shoe with 10.5(44) and size is right. This shoe claims to be 10.5 (44) but it's like 9.5 (42), has a boot-tree too small for my foot.
B002ECFTNA Stupid Puma I ordered this shoe in my normal shoe size. Don't buy this shoe unless you get it one or two sizes bigger than your normal shoe size. I got them and was so excited until i had to shove my foot in them and they were so tight it began to cut off circulation after only 3 minutes. They look fantastic, i loved the inlaid tongue and I'm sure it would have been very comfortable had it actually fit, but for some reason this shoe sizing scale is messed up from the manufacturer. Best to just go get this shoe in stores and make sure it fits before you spend your money on it.
B002ECFUCU Great running shoe that's stylish I was looking for a running shoe with good cushioning that I wouldn't be embarrassed to wear casually as well.  These fit the bill, they look great, are super comfortable and just look 10x better then anything New Balance or Asics have ever produced.
B002ECFUCU Less than stellar These are great looking shoes, but they are darker than they appeared in the picture.  I usually wear Nike or New Balance, but chose these based on their looks.  If I intended to use them as a running shoe, I would say I made a mistake, because they do not have as much cushioning as I would have liked.  I have worn the similarly styled Voltaic IIs, and they felt much more comfortable...these just don't fit the same and are not as comfortable as I thought they would be.  As a casual shoe, however, so far they are great.  I guess time will tell how well they are made.
B002ECFUCU Solid shoe This shoe arrived quickly, as described, and well packaged. The shoe looks very classic, which I am a fan of, I never was one for uber flashy shoes, but this is a nice, understated shoe, that still catches your eye. Puma is beginning to win me over, this is the third pair I've bought from them in the past 3 years, and they've been high quality every single time. Only complaint is if you stand in them for extended times (4+ hours) the heel support isn't as good. Still really high quality shoes.
B002ECFUKW Amazingly lite running shoe I normally buy Nike brand sneakers. I was looking for a comfortable walking shoe that was good-looking, light and didn't make my feet feel confined. I found some Nikes that met those criterias, but I didn't want to spend over $100. I decided to purchase these Pumas. They are as advertised... comfortable, super lightweight and stylish. My only complaint is that you can somewhat feel the stitching on the inside of the shoes (if you wear thin sport socks). Other than that, I am very satisfied.
B002EENFC0 Thanks for bringing these back!!! I LOVE THIS SHOE!!! This is the most comfortable shoe that I've ever worn.  Totally cool style too!!!  The ultimate in "Country Club Hipster"...  a Retro-Classic!
B002EENFC0 Great shoe with lots of versatility I really like these shoes for the street wear that they can be. There design gives them lots of flexibility to use the shoe in a number of different settings. They have limits for sports wear, but that was not the reason I bought them, they look exactly the way I want a sandshoe to look like.
B002EENI40 Nice shoe Very nice shoe. This  was my second pair and not my last. I love the look, the shoe is comfortable and you can wear it with anything. Anyone looking for a good looking comfortable shoe, this is the one.
B002EENI40 Not for me There is no doubt this shoe looks great when you put it on. But I thought it was the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever put on my feet. I tried to break them in but it just hurt too much. The shoes were brand new as expected. What I did not expect however, was the red mark that was on the white trim of the shoe. It wasn't a huge mark or anything, but since it was bright red, it made it extremely easy to see. Overall, I would not recommend anyone wear these shoes.
B002EENI40 Love I have now owned 5 pairs of these shoes, and wear them as my &#34;go-to&#34; casual shoe. Puma El Rey's are in my opinion the best shoes ever made! Please keep making them Puma!!!
B002EENI40 Nice Shoe I gave it 4 stars only because the shoe runs a little big. My son loves them because he can easily slip them on!
B002EENI40 ???? This came brand new but looks used. the pattern on the left side shoe looks worn. the top is really smooth whereas the right hand side shoe is textured.This fits true to size though.
B002EENI40 very good shoe and excellent product This shoe fits perfectly and is in good quality. I like the fact that it is slip on and is easy to wear and remove. Get one and you wont regret it.
B002EENI40 Been in my shoe rotation for years. I have bought this same model shoe for years now and I'm still a fan. They last me for about a year with regular wear. On my feet they tend to break at the ball of the big toe when they finally give out. I assume it's because the perforations make the leather a little weaker compared to canvas or a different material. Even with this caveat they're a solid and simple style that wears well.
B002EENI40 Good shoe! It's a good looking shoe, casual and the quality is good, they're not the most confortable shoe, but it's ok.
B002EENI40 Five Stars Good shoe will never buy another shoe at a regular store
B002EENI40 Beautiful Shoe! This is a beautiful shoe and my boyfriend loves wearing them.  The only thing is- these are the type of shoes that you need to break in or they are snug.  If you are worried about breaking them in than going a size up might not be a bad idea.  Otherwise, just break them in and you're good shape! :)
B002EENI40 Good shoe! I like this shoe, fits comfortable and price point is good.Design is low profile and casual.I would recommend.
B002EENI40 One of my favorite shoes of all time If you're lazy like me and just want to slip it in...no pun intended...then this is the shoe for you, it looks slick and always get complimented on how good they look and trust me I dont have many things that are considered "fashionable" but these are pretty nice.One thing to consider is your shoe size, if you have narrow feet then Id suggest getting a size smaller. Im a 10.5 but got a 10 in order to fit perfectly and if it doesnt fit then its as easy as returning to amazon and theyll send a new one to you. These are not the most comfortable and not made for long distance trekking so dont expect a pillow under your foot.Great shoe, great look.
B002EL38VG Excellent shoe. These are very good and comfortable shoes I bought for my son and he liked them enough, they are also very durable. I recommend this product.
B002EL3INY pumas good ties don't fit for the shoe I think the shoe it self are good. But my son is 3 and the laces on the shoes well there to long for the shoe I think. I mean we have to tripple tie them.. but the shoe is good but the laces suck... anyhoww so I had to buy him smaller laces but I live out of town I don't live in a place to just walk to the store im 20 miles out from anywhere...
B002EL3KQE Love it! It is a sport shoe and a beautifull sneaker too. I buyed it for my 2-years son. He loved the lights from the &#34;Puma&#34;. Its a great shoe and great quality. The colors are as shown. It is easy to put in and lightweight. I think its a perfect sneaker for the age. The sole is good for a sport shoe.
B002EL3KQE Puma Pink love We ordered this shoe in a 12. It ran a little small and so we returned the item but bought it in a 12.5. My 5 year old loves this running / athletic shoe. The colors are great the light up action is pretty cool with the bones outline when activated and most of all the comfort of the shoe on her little foot couldn't be better. She is much the drama queen when it comes to shoes and their fit. She just loves these shoes! I really should buy more in bigger sizes while they last!
B002EL3KQE Great shoe Our son outgrew his last pair of Pumas so we replaced them with the larger size.  As soon as they hit our doorstep and we helped our 2 year old unbox them, he wanted them on his feet immediately.  They are his new favorite shoe.  He will just jump in place and watch them light up.  I just hope the batteries last a long time because he's making sure to test them.  Oh yes, and they fit perfectly too.
B002EL3KQE Cute but runs a little tight. Size up! Shoe runs a little right and small but shoe is really cute and cool. Am returning and sizing it up.
B002EL3KQE Nice shoe This shoe comes a size smaller. Other that my daughter love's them, now let us see how long they will last.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe for the price This shoe was a little large, but we expected that. Our son was able to wear them right away and then he grew into them over the next few months. They wore well and we are able to save them for our younger son too.
B002EL3KQE Second Pair! They're Pumas, they light up.  What more can you ask for?  Our son loves them. Good durable shoe for a toddler.
B002EL3KQE G Very disappointed: I love the shoe, my son loved the shoe, my wife loved the shoe BUT! It started falling a part after about a month of usage. so SAD, broke my sons heart to send it back. I hope its just this one shoe because he wants another
B002EL3KQE Great shoes for our little guy However.. they are WIDE, much wider than any other puma shoe we have purchased for him in the past.  I love puma products but these not as much.
B002EL3KQE SAVE YOUR MONEY The shoe is nice but size does run small.  I would ahve been satisfied if I hadn't seen a much more sturdier &#34;Spiderman&#34; shoe at Walmart for 1/2 the price.
B002EL3KQE excellent the best shoe, it is as described, size and quality are great, but i found it later cheaper on another website almost half what i paid
B002EL3KQE Cute shoe! This is a super cute shoe -although the light in the cat is incredibly bright- strobe like! It does run a bit small (compared to StrideRight IMO) so make to pull out insole and measure fit before wearing. There's a nice measure guide printed on the insole.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe! I didn't want to get light up shoes, but these were a great compromise! We did size up, per others suggestions.  Great shoe!
B002EL3KQE Cute Shoes - Stiff Upper I got these shoes (in a larger size) for my 17 month old daughter.  She loves how they light up and wants to wear them constantly even though they are still a little big.  I really like that the inner sole comes out so you can measure and see if the shoe will fit, but it is difficult to work that back into the shoe nice and flat.  Also, I find the velcro straps are hard to open all the way which makes it difficult to pull the tongue up to open the shoe.  With a wriggly little girl, I need a nice open shoe that's easy to put on her foot and these are a little hard to manage.  All that said, they are super cute and seem well made.
B002EL3KQE VERY PLEASED !!!! Always have found Puma to be a well-made shoe.  They feel GOOD on your feet and they last!  My grandson, however, likes this shoe because it LIGHTS  UP!!
B002EL3KQE Shoe was in excellent shape and package i love Puma shoe for my 3 boys , but this once specifically was too small for my 6 years old boy, also the lighting on the shoe was weird :)
B002EL3KQE Good looking shoe. My son really liked the light up puma and the shoe is really well made. I have purchased several PUMA shoes for my kids and they have all been good.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoe, order one size up! After reading the reviews I took the advice to order up one size and they fit great! He's almost 2 and I bought size 10. Nice flexible, light weight and quality feeling shoe. My son has wide/thick feet but these fit well and are easy to put on. He loves the white light up skeleton that shows through the orange Puma on the outsides of each shoe! It flashes on and off 3 times with each step.
B002EL3KQE Nice shoe for the money Bought these for my grandson. He loves the way they light up and it looks like the Puma's skeleton. Good fit too.
B002EL3KQE Small but nice looking The shoe fit nice in length but was too small in the straps.  My son has a very normal foot, its not like a fat club foot or anything and I found the straps didn't fit as pictured and the tongue of the shoe was too short sliding under the top strap.  I ended up keeping the shoe thinking he would &#34;wear them in&#34; but it was a problem the whole life of the shoe.  The lights worked right and my son loved them.
B002EL3LZE Stylish & comfy I love this shoe! Super comfortable and cute! It's so light weight, it's like not wearing a shoe at all. I have had several knee surgeries and have problems with shoes but these are great and I would definitely recommend them.
B002EL3LZE Good looking and good quality shoe My daughter has been in these same kind of shoes for 2 years, we just keep getting the next size.  They are really sleek looking shoes, much different to the bulky styles of Nike and Reebok.  They are a great sports shoe as well.  Easy to move in and very comfortable.  They always last all the way until my daughter needs the next size.  We've never had to buy another pair because of wear and tear and she wears them EVERY day.
B002EL3LZE Great looking shoe My 8 y/o loves this shoe. He is still wearing it and they were bought at the beginning of the school year 2013. I would buy them again. They still look great and have held up to wear.
B002EL3LZE Good little tennis shoe Puma Tune cat B fits a little smaller be still comfortable.Looks like a good shoe we'll see I am hard on shoes
B002EL3LZE Great Shoe My grandson was so happy with this shoe.  Being in elementary school, I am not always sure of what to purchase for him, but these were a instant hit to him and his classmates.  I purchased them a half size larger and it suited him well.  He never complained about any discomfort.  I don't want anyone to get the impression that this shoe runs small nor large, but I feel that since I don't have the opportunity to try it on him initially as I would in a shoe store, that I would error on the side of caution.  Now that I buy many shoes for him online, I used this rule.  It really is just trial and error.  For instance, I always buy a size larger when  I buy the Nike brand because I find that even in the local store, all Nikes that he has worn are a full size larger because they run small.
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoe if you get the right size I really like the look of this shoe. Seems good quality.  I read the reviews so I ordered a size larger. I needed a 7, but ordered an 8, and the fit was great. So the 8 fits more like a 7 in my experience.
B002EL3MCQ great shoe Fit was good. Super cute. Gets dirty easily as white shoes do...especially on 4yr old boys...but easy to clean also. Easy on and off for him. Strong shoe. My son gives it a beating but it has survived 6 months and still looks great.
B002EL3MCQ Grandma hit a home run! My grandson has wide feet and chubby ankles, this shoe is great the side of the shoe fits down around the ankle and the dip in the back goes around his tendon, which adds great comfort.  The shoe is easy to get on and stays on very well. Super shoe.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe, great fit, easy to take on and off These have been a great rugged shoe for daycare for my two year old. Bought them in a size 7 and they fit true to size. The velcro makes it easy for her to practice putting on and taking off her shoes. Great shoe. I would buy them again.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe My daughter loves these shoe very happy when I got them for her!!! She said they fit great n very comfy
B002EL3MCQ Durable Shoe Durable shoe & great for my active 2 year old boy! Highly recommend this shoe and brand to any parent!
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe! This shoe is great this is the second one I bought for my nephew. He love the fact that he doesn't have to tie it when he is on the run- a four year olds dream.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT toddler shoe! Loved this shoe.  Size seemed small. The removable insole was very handy to see when it was time to upgrade to the next size.  Extremely easy to put on a little one and has great traction. Machine washed a few times, and they did great.
B002EL3MCQ A Great Buy Bought this shoe for my 14 months old and since then I keep buying the same thing bigger sizes and different colors as she grows up. The fit is great. It is easy to put on and take off. Enough traction at the bottom of the shoe so she doesn't slip. I absolutely love this thing.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe This shoe looks so cute on my little guy. They are really easy for him to put on himself. I just wish they had a little more traction.
B002EL3MCQ bad material the shoe is cute, but the quality of material that has the puinta malo.el shoe is very bad finish. tnahks
B002EL3MCQ Good Shoe These Puma shoes were very cute.  I bought them for my grandson, the only problem that I had was his foot is growing and I haven't found the right size to fit him, he is in between sizes, and I had to ship them back.  He was really upset about that.  Overall I really like the shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe! Good toddler shoe! Fits well and lasts. This is our second pair. My son grew out of his first pair. He wore them everyday and they still looked brand new.
B002EL3MCQ Great Buy! Great shoe for my 14 month old son. I ordered him a size 6 but could probably have gone with a 7 for longer wear. Incredibly easy to get on! I love these shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoe This is a nice shoe but I gave it 4 stars because the fit is off.  My son walks out of these shoes and they seem wider than most sneakers.  It is a very attractive shoe though.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe, runs small! This shoe is just as awesome looking in person as it is in the photo!  Unfortunately, though I normally wear a 2.5 or a 3, the 3 was too small.  If a 4 would have been available to replace it, I would have gotten a size up from what I normally wear.  It is well made, and the hooks look too cool.  If you have a wider foot though, the latches won't cover all of the velcro like it does in the photo.  A very comfortable shoe, quite narrow in the front.  The sides are lower than I'd realized and even with a short sock, you can still see the sock. It really is neat looking though!
B002EL3MCQ love them great looking pair of shoes that fit just right. only complaint is that the tongue of the shoe digs into my sons ankle somewhat
B002EL3MCQ Excellent shoe for toddlers My daughter is 3yrs old and we purchased two pairs of these shoes as we were unsure about sizing.  Turns out sizing is exact - not too sure about the other reviews about it being a little on the small size?  The shoe is lightweight so it's easy for her to run around without &#34;tripping&#34; over herself.  The colour is very cute and the straps are easy for her to put her shoes on and take them off herself.  I'm glad I have two pairs as now she'll have the next size up when she outgrows the current pair.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT SHOE FOR MY DAUGHTER! GREAT SHOE FOR MY DAUGHTER!  WE LOVE THEM! SHE HAS HAD PUMA'S BEFORE AND THEY WERE JUST GREAT!  WE ARE REALLY PLEASED WITH THESE AND WILL BE ORDERING MORE IN THE FUTURE!
B002EL3MCQ Good shoe overall - high price - but doesn't "breath" My son is 15 months old and will be moving up to the size 7 puma very soon. He has a pretty wide foot and these are very accommodating because of the adjustable position of the Velcro. The one thing I don't like is that they don't breath very well, so after a full day of being in them his feet get quite hot and kind of stinky. He's currently wearing a size 6 puma. Once summer hits I need to find a mesh type shoe for him to wear as it gets very hot here. Other than that we really like the shoes and he seems to like them as well. We bought these specifically because puma has an adult male shoe that looks VERY similar. It will be cute when my husband and son will be able to match :)My son is an "experienced" walker and walks really well. Not sure if I would get these for a "new" walker though.  Pumas were his first shoe though. Everyone says buy stride rite, but I honestly don't see much difference and when I asked a SR worker at the mall, she couldn't tell me what made their shoes better than his current. Guess she wasn't a good sales lady.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoe Nice shoe and good price. Fit as expected. My kid enjoying the shoe nicely. Nice shoe nice shoe nice ahoe
B002EZZNPQ Great kickboxing shoe!! Love these shoes for a kickboxing class I do.  Every once in awhile, the top of my foot hurts where the strap goes across.  Love the looks and they are comfortable!!
B002F0011G Great lightweight shoe! I've wanted a pair of Pumas for a while now. So when I saw this pair and they were on sale, I just had to get them. They are super light weight and fit my foot very well and are true to size.There was absolutely no "break in" period; they felt great from the moment I put them on. I've had many compliments on how they look and they don't make my feet look bigger than they really are like manys shoes do. The only con of this shoe is that many surfaces are slippery. I stepped in a bit of water and it felt as if I were on ice.Overall, this is a fantastic shoe either for every day wear or for running. Lightweight, comfortable, and it really grasps your foot.
B002F0053U Great shoe! Out of the box comfortable! Can't say enough about this shoe. Really had no expectations other than I liked the way they looked and I bought them at a great price. Little did I know that these would be the most most comfortable trainers I own. Great support and breathability. A+++
B002F0053U decent This is a decent shoe.  I am not crazy about the way the tongue is connected to the part that wraps around your ankle, but the shoe has good support and is comfortable.  It didn't take me any time to to break them in.
B002G72NJG Too Big! Bag looks great, like the shoe area best but its too big!! Would much have prefered a smaller version for gym going!
B002KAOHX4 Stick with the classics, baby! This was the best running shoe available in...1978! In my professional opinion, it still is! Well made, very comfortable shoe!
B002KAOJ8M Great I bought this shoe about 6 months ago and its great, very comfortable and pretty strong. I love it it fits good and looks real good with my jeans.
B002KAOLGC Pleased with this shoe While being slightly narrow in width the shoe is very comfortable.  The flaps on either side of the shoe through which the laces are strung looks unusual.  I think it makes the shoe distinctive.  Not sure how firm the stitching is that holds them in place.  Only time will tell.
B002KAOLGC Love it! My son loves this shoe. I would definitely recommend this shoe to someone else.I really like the color of this shoe. It looks nice with whatever he wears it with.
B002KAOLGC Good casual shoe Good overall casual shoe for everyday wear with jeans. - - - - - - - - - - -
B002KAOLGC Great shoes Great shoes. I get compliments  on them all the time. If you are looking for a casual shoe, this is it!
B002KAOLGC Cool Shoe Comfortable shoe fits snug. This shoe is also a perfect fit for my size would recommend. Smooth design and Made for solid fit.
B002KAOLGC Sole protector  Puma classic This shoe is very comfortable and stylish, made of good material. love it would recommend this shoe to all my friends.
B002KAOLGC Nice looking shoe The entire shoe is leather, which makes it easier to clean.The shoe fit my size 13 foot like they were supposed to.The front of the shoe will get wrinkles in them around the toes, which you could not tell from the picture.The shoes hurt my feet because I am not use to wearing the flat insole with no arch support.  I knew they would be flat when I bought them, so no blame goes to the manufacturer.The shoe is what I expected. I don't know why I thought I was going to get a miracle and have a flat shoe that was comfortable on my feet.
B002KAOLGC They fit perfect got size 14 AND LOOK GREAT BUT...... There was a Big Brown skid mark on the side of the shoe and partially on the shoe lace good thing the shoes are leather i had to wipe them down thank goodness it came off seeing as how they are all white shoes..so that was not cool at all
B002KAOLGC Good buy I bought these as a gift for my husband. He was looking for this style of shoe, and I found a great deal here on Amazon. According to him, they are very comfortable. He's had them about a year, and they still look great with occasional wear - about once a week. They are a nice casual and stylish shoe for the weekend.
B002KAOLGC Pumas are great! If anyone needs a quality shoe, Puma is the way to go. The price for the quality of the shoe is unbeatable in my opinion. Definitely my favorite brand of shoe and would recommend to everyone.
B002KAOLGC Five Stars Sons Favorite shoe ever
B002KAOLGC Great shoe, but I really loved this shoe. It was good looking, had a great price. It is made of all leather. It really needed a better insole. It did not have any support. It ran long in the toes, some what loose fit. I will still keep them, just get some insole
B002KAOLGC Great shoe Ive had the shoe for 3 months now and it is still in good condition with everyday wearing. The leather is easy to clean and the shoe is very comfy.Great with a pair of blue jeans
B002KAOLGC Cres in left shoe I like them, but I am returning them for a new pair because if a defect. The left shoe has a cres that makes a indent when I wear the shoe. So the front is not round and smooth. I can send you pictures if I need to.
B002KAOLGC Absolutly great I previously had an 11 inch size shoe of another brand that fitted perfectly. I ordered 11 of this own which kind of a little smaller than expected. I loved the shoe as it looks great.I would recommend it but consider adding 0.5 inch to your size.
B002KAOLGC You get more than what you pay for. Great shoe and great price. They fit just right and they dis not cost a lot. Went to shoe palace recently and came out with nothing so rather than waste my time going to some other store i went on amazon and found what i was looking for.
B002KAOLGC Great,simple sneaker This is a very nice shoe especially in the white version.It's comfortable although the El Rey's I've had are more comfortable probably because the sole is stiffer. It looks better than the El Rey though and doesn't scuff as easily.It's the same price as the El Rey which is very reasonable for such a well made shoe. It's not for running or any sport but simply a great casual sneaker to wear with jeans.
B002KAOLGC Very stylish, but very uncomfortable! I order the grey and blue color El Ace Sneaker last month and have only worn it once a week. THe main reason i only wear it once a week is because this shoe has a hard piece of material at the end of the shoe (near the heel) and it causes the back of my heel to bleed whenever i wear it for more than 30 mins. It is very annoying and a little painful at times. So in order for me to wear this shoe, i have to put band-aids at the back of my heel each time to prevent the friction that causes my heel to bleed.I just wish this shoe is as comfortable as it looks.
B002KAOLGC sharp looking shoe I'm giving it 4 stars because I got the Morocco blue and white shoe, and the blue us much darker than in the picture. It is almost a navy from a distance. I would describe it as a dark teal. The breathing holes in the front look good and just add a little bit to the shoe. they are comfortable enough. The only things I am concerned about is them not wearing down quickly and how dirty they could get. It is truly a fathom sneaker though. sharp shoe!
B002LASHCK Good shoe great footwear.  as promised and a blessing when navigating TSA or... when your shoe size has expanded (two fold) while on a 17 hour trans-pacific flight...
B002LH4RMM Great, comfy shoe Bought this shoe mostly to wear around the house since we have hardwood floors. Incredibly comfy shoe that runs slightly narrow, but otherwise true to size. Ended up liking them so much I wear them out running errands, etc. Would recommend.
B002LH4RMM Love them!! I absolutely love this shoe!! But I wish there would have been a larger selection of colors of the outline of the puma.
B002LH4SF8 perfect for every occasion and comfy! This is my new favorite shoe and I am desperately searching for more just like them.I have the white and silver ones and I get more compliments on these shoes than I've ever had on any other shoe in my life. Perfect for dress, casual, and comfy enough for lot's of walking. I LOVE these shoes!
B002LVUZ6K puma women's complete spectana running shoe If you do a lot of running I would not recommend this shoe.  Have been wearing for 3 weeks and finding they are very uncomfortable.  They cut into the top of my foot around the ankle area and are heavy.  Usually buy aasics, will go back to this brand.
B002LVUZWO Superb shoe How my wife wishes this shoe were still being made!  She loves it, and I am just thankful we found one more pair for her on Amazon.
B002RFQJD8 Good but could be better This is my second pair!!! They are really lite and fits great. Shoe is not very durable. Good only for beginners. 2-3 times a month!. the studs /cleats will come undone
B002RFXETK Cool shoes, Bad Construction This shoe looks great, but honestly is not good construction. There was a squeaky sound as my son walked, and on the bottom of the shoe there was glue showing. I love the looks, but for $96 dollars or higher, its not very good.
B002RFXH06 A great shoe and excellent value! This shoe is absolutely amazing. I was a little concerned that I wouldn't like the appearance of the shoe (I usually don't buy bright colored boots), but I gotta say it looks great, and it feels very solid for how light it is. It gives you a great touch on the ball and good control over your shots. The African inspired patterning not only make the shoe look great, it also gives the shoe that "sticky" feel where you can really spin the ball for shooting and also helps with control. Of all the shoes I've worn over the years (Adidas Predator, Nike T90, Umbro X boot) this is hands down my favorite. I don't think I will have many issues with wear and tear either b/c of how well constructed the toe and upper portions of the boot are.PUMA Men's v1.10 I FG Soccer Cleat
B002RFXH06 Niche soccer cleats PROS-Great traction on the bottom, compared to vapors and every other cleat I've had, the side to side power you get from these shoes are amazing. If you're a shifty player like a running back, defender or need to change direction quickly this shoe does wonders. I almost had to adjust my game because on my old vapors you couldn't really dig into the ground on change of directions and then I put on these shoes are now I have the confidence that I won't slip and really put power into the shift.They're somewhat light.Curving the ball is far more effective with this shoe than with my experience with vapors, and the adidas f series.Pretty easy to break in and decent touch. The ball really dies on your feet with these shoes. Great for defenders, I really feel confident with trapping the ball on long or high kicks.CONS- Touch, what you get is what you get. Doesn't really break in like a vapor or a kangeroo shoe. My control in traffic is far less confident with these, as I said the ball dies on your foot but this still does not make up for the glove like feel other shoes can create.Major flaw, there is a like a wall of threading where the insole meets the upper shoe. You can actually see it in the pictures. The shoe comes to a awkward point on the tip of the shoe and then the leather is not flush. Really effects your shots, shots will go high if you don't get it completely on the instep.Power! If you're avid shooter from the top of box and beyond do not buy these shoes. As I've said throughout the review, the ball dies. I can not create any power behind my shots with these shoes. I went from shooting flames to absolutely no power.Overall I feel this would be a great shoe for a select few of players. If you're a defender don't really get up near the box for shots often, don't really rely on shots and don't get yourself into tight spots or are not a finesse player who take on tight crowds then this shoe would be great for you. The side to side movement with these will help with your confidence in defense.
B002SSUQWO Good Running Shoe The size is the only problem I had with the shoe. They do run small and I only went up a half size. I recommend gettin a full size bigger than you're normal shoe size. The shoes preform great and have a lot of cushioning. Puma did a great job with this shoe.
B002SSUUN4 Awesome Shoe I love this shoe!  I wish they were available in my size in a different color, I would totally buy them...like right now!  And I think they are true to size.  they are the same size as every other shoe I have ever worn and they fit great!  They mold to my feet and I can't wait to break them in fully!!
B002SSUUN4 ok When it says black coffee/burnt i thought the shoe was black but it is actually brown.. other than that the shoe is comfortable
B002SSUUN4 Perfect, comfortable runner's shoe I've always loved Puma, but I've never had a runner's shoe from them. I always bought "fashion" sneakers. These are like walking on air. I rarely take them off.
B002SSUUN4 Great looking shoe but.... Even though I like the look of the shoe and that it is lightweight, it grabed me a little narrow in the toe box area. Otherwise its a good sturdy shoe.
B002TX7DU6 Caution with shoe Size Like the shoe, but it runs about 1/2 size too small..  The bad part is, it's not available for even exchange.  You actually have to return it for a refund.  Not cool when you want to turn around and buy the same shoe, but in a 1/2 size larger and the price jumps $9 more!!
B002US8MGY Puma Mens Soccer shoe The shoes were  perfect. The vendor even expedited the order for me as I was traveling out of the country and needed the soccer shoe to take with me. Would order from them again
B002WC7Y30 Great Shoe if you dont have flat feet. Really well made. It was my bad for buying the shoe online without trying one on before hand. This is a wider shoe then most of their products. However, it still kills my feet even if just standing for a long period of time. It is however a quality sneaker.
B002WC7Z4I Terrific PUMA shoe This shoe is lightweight, old school classy and made for everyday wear. PUMA is wise to retain the classics whitch made them a legend in sports shoes. The leather quality is excellent, PUMA has been adding wads of extra padding to the interior in recent years. That makes for a comfy fit.
B002WC82KY nice look. comfort could be better I bought this shoe based soley on looks. So I didn't have any expectations set forth for the comfort. The shoe is basic but looks awesome compared to all the other shoes that are coming out that are too busy. The comfort on the other hand is a bit stiff. Based on passed puma shoes I have purchased in the past this has to be the most uncomfortable. Typically I can count on Puma for comfort but this shoe fell below in my expectations. All in all if you don't mind sacrificing a little comfort for an awesome looking shoe then get these.
B002X78OCO Cute, comfy, but a minor flaw I love these because I don't like wearing shoes with any kind of heel at all. They're very flat with just enough padding and would be great for walking around (say, shopping all day). The only thing I don't like about them is the junction where the leather in the back around your Achilles tendon meets the elastic seam at the top of the shoe. I broke these in around the house and then wore them out one day. When I got home the shoe had rubbed a tiny hole in my skin right under my ankle (ouch and gross). I'll have to get some moleskin to stick into the shoe there or always remember to wear a band-aid under that ankle so that doesn't happen again. You'd think I would knock off another star for a shoe that injured me, but they're too comfy.
B002YD8I1O I love these! It's the go to shoe for me. They are very comfortable and light, I only wish they weren't so pointy.
B002YD8I1O Great Running/Gym Shoe I use these shoes at the gym everyday, they are a great shoe, very light weight.  I especially like the flatter sole they have, it provides great support and balance for squats, running or any physical activity you are doing with them.
B002YD8I1O Great shoe I ordered this product at a great discount and received it within two days. Very comfortable, lightweight shoe.. Perfect for running!
B002YD8MTM nice shoe Shoe is well fitting and comfortable, looks good. If I had a complaint it would be that the shoeis not leather but I am satisfied with the synthetic material and it does appear to be well made.I did get the shoe a half size larger (after reading one of the other reviews) and this works well for me.Also I believe that the shoe was advertised as a running shoe, I don't think I'd recommend it (its strictlya casual shoe as for as I'm concerned).
B002YD8MTM Poor Quality Bought this shoe because they look awesome and I needed a casual white shoe, little did I know they were so poorly made.  I thought Puma had a good reputation for making good shoes.  The shoes squeak extremely bad because the sole can be bent like a sandal.  All of this began about 2 months after I purchased them and I rarely wear tennis shoes.  So, I'd say after only wearing them 20 times.  This shoe is very annoying, wish I wouldn't have wasted my money!
B002Z12R4E Shoe doesn't fit right Shoe is sized 1/2 size too small, so I exchanged it for a larger size. I bought the shoes for walking, and the shoe isn't comfortable at all. It rubbed blisters immediately, and so I've worn it only once.
B002Z12RU8 Looks great! I have wider feet and these shoes probably run true to width, so they're a little narrow for me, but they still fit okay and I still wear them.  They have stayed white since I've been careful not to get them dirty, and they look very nice. I usually wear them with a casual outfit. I have worn these to the gym when my plan is to lift weights or bike, but I don't think that running would be a comfortable option with this shoe. They are not particularly supportive  or cushioned, so if that's what you're looking for you'd be better off getting a normal gym shoe or running shoe. If you're looking for something cute and sporty while still being feminine, this shoe is great and inexpensive on amazon.
B002Z12RU8 great asthetic appeal i do like the shoe, but i will have to say it probably isn't the best buy for me since i have more wider foot.  also the sizing is just not right with this, the 7 is on the tighter side and the 7.5 is on the looser side.  so to avoid making my more wider foot hurt, i went with the bigger size and and now the shoe is a little too loose.  but it fits fine when i wear socks that are more thick.  oh the one thing i do love is the arch support on this shoe.  it is very comfortable to wear for this reason.
B002Z12RZ8 Good shoe! I like this shoe. Good look and style. It is not a work out shoe and doesn't have a lot of support. I really like how light weight it is. Pretty much like you aren't wearing a shoe at all. In the end I'm not really a fan of the shoelaces. I have had a lot of the mesh slip on shoes - like Merrel and several of my other Pumas. I will buy other shoes like that. I am a mom of young kids and I like a shoe I can slip on quickly. Good shoe though!
B002Z12SV6 Great shoe even on hot days! Very comfortableThin and light but still a very good shoe sole (shock absorbing)Wear them every day at workDon't sweat - even without socks (only barefoot insoles)Love them!
B002Z12TZG Buy it! No doubt this is one of Puma's top designs. Eclectic, comfortable and highly fashioned shoe. A must have for modern ladies.
B00303GXWI super comfy, easy to get on, stylish shoes Bought these for my 2 year old son.  He loves them and I love them.  Finally a velcro shoe, that doesn't look like a velcro shoe!!  They are very nice looking and very comfy.  Also when they get dirty if I wipe with a wet paper towel, they come clean right away.  Love it!!!
B0030BFF5Q Not as pictured This shoe is fine if you are 50+ in age.  I am in my 30's and to me this shoe looked like an old lady shoe when I opened the box.  I ordered in gray/persimmon and it definitely looks more peach than dark orange.  Needless to say, I returned them.
B0030BFGMI Quality I've never purchased a black sneaker but LOVE the pink stripe on the outstide.This shoe is comfortable and made well!!  I love the price, under $40.00.First Puma shoe.  Happy with purchase!
B0036FTA0M Nice shoe as long as the price is low This shoe looks great, and is pretty comfortable.  However, I noticed that walking when my feet have *any* moisture will cause the shoe to squeak from my sock rubbing on the collar of the shoe.  This could happen after walking around downtown for 40 minutes.  The other downside is it's not a very durable shoe, and my pair began to fall apart well before the soles had much wear on them.  However, for the bargain price I paid, I thought it was a good shoe.
B0036FTB1A Nice Running Shoe with a Flaw This is my first running shoe from Puma and it is a comfortable shoe. The only thing I don't like about this shoe is the tongue being attached to the shoe instead of being loose like in basketball shoes. I don't know if this is a common thing among running shoes but it makes it a little tight around the upper area. Other than that it's a good shoe just make sure not to wear heavy socks with it.
B0036FTB1A Good looking comfortable shoe ! This is my second pair of puma voltaic 2 running shoe and I like the wear and feel of the shoe. Even though I don't use them for running they are a good shoe for everyday wear. They are a good all purpose shoe and are very durable and one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Without mentioning any names I have owned nearly every pair of name brand shoes on the market. I have had some other brands that looked and wore good but for my money I wouldgo back to puma everytime. I bought my first pair of pumas whe I was in my 20's and now I am 54 years old. I don't like the style of alot of the shoes out now and the voltaic 2 is really a great looking shoe. I have already started planning to purchase my third pair. They are a good looking and comfortable shoe for the money. Check around on the internet you can usually find them on sale. I have ordered shoes from the internet and did not like them when I get them. Puma never lets me down. Keep up the good work PUMA!. I can't rate them as a running shoe, but as an everyday all purpose`shoe they are a really good comfortable shoe.
B0036INB2M Puma Mens Cell Voltra G Silver/Dark Shadow/Green Sheen Not Puma's best shoe, I was hoping these shoes would be more like the original cells by puma but they're not. The tongue is not the same and this shoe is not as comfortable because of that, I believe.  Also a chunk of the rubber sole fell off in the middle of the shoe, don't know how or when it's just gone. I have used these shoes for less than 2 months and am already replacing them,
B0037KMNAU fine shoe but thin! Fun shoe, fine, seems sturdy and long-lasting but very thin -- if you have any broadness at all across your foot, consider a larger size or plan to go without socks (which is what I do but thye're still a little tight). Otherwise, well worth it!!!
B0037KMNAU Puma Sneakers Good shoes. easy to slip on and go pretty much anywhere. I had this shoe but in different material so i had to get this. Delivery was good and fast.
B0037KMPVW Fits true to size, super comfy, great 'day' shoe I didn't end up keeping the silver color but have another pair in black that I love.  The first wearing I wasn't sure they would be comfortable but by the second time I put them on they fit perfectly and haven't given me any problem.  Nice casual weekend shoe..  bought true to size..
B0038QP3C8 Way Too Cool! In terms of style, this shoe was everything I expected (and remembered) it to be.  I actually owned a pair back in the day.  The only thing that stops this shoe from being a 5 out of 5 is the total lack of comfort.  These are not shoes that you want to wear if you plan to walk or stand a lot.  Still, even that issue is easily resolved by purchasing new insert.  In addition, if you don't rock these with fat red shoe laces (or shoe strings if you prefer) then you are doing it wrong.
B003A7PYEC If Only I had a Smaller Foot This shoe would be amazing in a smaller size. Puma always tends to have a great quality product. But since this shoe is not your traditional activity shoe it fits and appears differently. It's not as snug and not as comfortable for extended periods. All of those could be looked over if the shoe was as appealing in my size as I'm sure it is in a smaller size.I wear A size 13 and at that size most pumas are still alright but this particular shoe looks like a clown shoe on me. It just doesn't scale to a larger size well at all. Normally puma shoes still look good or at least alright, but This one just looked wrong in every way.I would recommend it you have a smaller shoe size
B003EE48UM Fantastic shoe for shoe gazing. This is a great looking shoe and comfortable enough for general milling around. They are fashion sneakers and fit that bill perfectly, so I wouldn't recommend them for a long day of walking or a game of basketball because they don't have a ton of arch support or shock absorption.
B003EE7NPY Awesome shoe This shoe is da bomb, I love the design, and received several compliments. It matches every clothes, especially on jeans.
B003EE7SSQ Love It! Love this shoe...comfy and cute.  Great quality.  Runs a little big though, I recommend going a half size down
B003EE7TSU Great shoes. I really like these puma shoes. The quality is great and it brings something different to the table. It fits very comfortable and a great shoe if you want to use it as your everyday shoe.
B003EE7V8S Stylish shoe, great for summer Slim fitting shoe, great canvas feel perfect for those warm, summer months or spring, fall, etc...the shoe feels like a converse but more snug, sturdy, seems to fit my foot perfectly...its puma, its stylish, what else do you need? buy it. you won't be disappointed!
B003EE7VVA A great shoe for a good price! Every Puma I've owned has been an awesome shoe. I have a short, wide foot and these are perfect. These are a great shoe for a good price.
B003EE7XGS Very satisfied Love this shoe great buy for the money. Love the fact that they make this style for the little kids.
B003EE7XGS Great Summer Shoe!!! I was looking for a cute shoe to wear with no socks for the summer. This is it.... looks great with just shorts and a tee-shirt~
B003EE7XGS Nice Shoes If your child has thick feet I wouldn't recommend this shoe but other than that I absolutely love the shoe!!
B003EE7XGS Nice Shoe But Shoelaces Don't Stay Tied! These shoes are well-made but I would say they run a little snug. Also the laces are constantly coming untied. I am purchasinga product here to help with that issue. Otherwise they are very cute. I would order this brand of shoe again!
B003EE9L0E vendor was nice, shoe wasnt I have no complaints with the company who sold me the shoe, it just didn't fit. Puma must run a full size smaller than every other shoe I ever put on my foot.
B003EE9NC0 Awesome I have had these shows for three years and I still have them, they are really broken in and comfortable. The glue holding a portion of the shoe together has worn away but nothing that I can't fix with some shoe goo
B003EE9O4W Well Made, true to size Shoe purchased for a first grader who had already gone through one pair of shoes this school year.  The shoe looks as good in person as it does in the pictures and runs true to size.  It is holding up well and cleans up easily.
B003EE9O4W Perfect for any toddler shoe I like it a lot and it's perfectly cut. And he walks good on this shoe. Love the brand and colors of this shoe..
B003EE9O4W Good shoe. These are a nice shoe.  I thought the size was right on.  I would definitely purchase them again in a larger size.
B003EE9O4W Four Stars I love the shoe!  It's just too small.  I would order a size up in this shoe.
B003EE9O4W Poorly made. After a week of normal wear the rubber bottom is flopping off(down to the middle of the shoe pretty much clown shoes)? Would expect this from a cheaper shoe/no name brand. Think this will be the last pair of Pumas I buy. And now I have to replace a shoe that should have lasted a last a few months.
B003EE9O4W Good Shoe My daughter is learning to walk.  I needed a lightweight shoe that is also stylish.  This shoe fits the bill.
B003EE9P14 great looking shoe This would have received a 5 stars but the arch is quite odd. Sometimes it is uncomfortable. The look and quality is good though.
B003EE9P14 Very Comfortable. Like the shoes. Size is perfect. The tongue of the shoe is a little annoying but nothing to bad. Will definitely be sticking with Pumas in the future. Very comfortable brand.
B003EE9P14 Not a great design and colour represented here is wrong The new puma design isnt that great when you actually see the shoe. The shoe is somewhat stiff not as comfortable as previous pumas i have had. Also the shoe is a very light grey, not at all the colour shown online.
B003EEBGQQ good shoe Durable shoe, it has lasted for several months already. It is comfortable and can be worn for many casual purposes. I recommend buying it, no complaints at all.
B003EEBGQQ Nice looking shoe but not running (imho) I like the styling of this shoe since I set eyes on it, but after wearing it for awhile it's not what I would call a running shoe by any stretch. I have Asics that are much more comfortable for running than this shoe. They're a bit stiff for athletic activity. I wear these more of a nice casual everyday shoe rather than sporting activity. They're snug around my feet and I think the size runs a little tight. You might consider buying a half size larger than normal. The perforations in the upper keep your feet from sweating, but the padding also keeps them warm and comfortable in cooler weather. For the record I've worn these shoes for about 3 months now and I really like them. I don't run in them unless chased.
B003EEBGQQ Review of PUMA Men's Cell Turin Cross Training Shoe If you are looking for a decent shoe (not too colorful and flashy) for both casual use and for jogging, then, this is the right kind of shoe to have. It is light weight, and comfortable to wear because of the soft inner cushion. The sole has very good grip, good for treadmill workouts. Looks great and much better than the picture. The size fitting is very good. Overall, I would say 9 on 10 for this shoe.
B003EEBGQQ Most comfortable shoe EVER Size - I'm a 10 1/2 in every shoe, ever.  In this shoe I bought the 11 1/2 and it's a perfect snug fit.  I don't know if the 1 size variance runs across the board but my foot did not fit in the 10 1/2.I was an Avia guy.  No more.  This is the absolute most comfortable shoe I've ever had on my feet.  Lots of support, light, high quality materials and style to boot.As a running shoe I would say it's more of a casual running shoe.  You are not going to run marathons in this thing.  Think more like the large SUV that never leaves the paved roads.  Going to the gym, awesome shoe.I got the black with white stripe red accents.  Awesome.
B003EEBGQQ Inexpensive but easily tears. I bought this shoe because of the affordability.  The product fits me very nicely but the left shoe now has a centimeter long tear on the left side,  It appears that it was caught on something and it tore.  This shoe looks nice but very cheaply made.
B003EEBGS4 Nice looking shoe, not that comfortable. I found this shoe to be very narrow and long looking and not that comfortable.  Very little cushion-I knew it was a "fashion" sneaker but didn't expect it to have less support on the bottom then a summer flip flop.It's "okay", I don't love them but I don't hate them either.  Would I buy them again. -No.  I think they are over priced for what you get comfort wise.
B003EECZVG Versatile shoe, not so much for running I purchased this shoe in all black with white and red accents with the same make. It is a great medium between a "sporty" looking shoe and a classy looking shoe. You can throw dockers over them (unless they are yellow obviously) and get away with it.You can run in these, but I wouldnt necessarily do track and field.As far as durability, for about 6 months they have held well at all the seams. They are easy to clean, but the Ducati symbol on the side is prone to scratches, etc. I would recommend being careful with that.Overall a very solid shoe, as Puma normally delivers
B003EECZZC Great Comfort and Fitting Shoe This is a great fitting shoe. If you are a medium wide (D) wearer, this is a true fit, size-wise and width-wise. It's just as or even a better comfort wearing shoe than my Reebok or Nike shoes.
B003EECZZC Poor The shoe was not comfortable and just did nothing for me when I got it, it was just a big dissapointment....
B003EEF6L2 Optimally, fits length wise; yet, narrow.  Otherwise, OUTSTANDING. The Size fits length.  However, needs to be widened.  So, if one has a wide foot.  Then, unless you have the shoe stretcher and want to wear right away - think about it (using/putting one inside the shoe).  I have a D size width.The shoe is great.  Wonderful.  Always getting compliments.  /Satisfied AL/
B003EEH7NM Nice shoe, Nice Price Very cute shoe that fit perfectly.  Love Puma and the quality of the shoe.  Thanks for the great price and great shoe.
B003EEH7NM good shoe Fits well runs true to size great shoe for kids,  got them on sale too that is a plus !
B003EEH7NM Great shoe! Got this for my 5 year old son. This is a great shoe as he can put the shoe on and off himself. I think Puma is a half size smaller though. Quality is good as well.  Wish they made it in other colours.
B003FZ9TYA Amazing shoe. So, I really needed a lightweight, low-key shoe to work out in. As a martial artist, being as close to a ninja as possible is the idea.Needless to say these really get the job done. They're only uncomfortable if you tie them too tight. Giving yourself a bit of room to maneuver makes them easier to wear for long periods of time (8-12 hours).I didn't have much trouble with sizing for these. The shape of my feet seem to fit pretty well. I ordered my usual shoe size, which is 9.5, and they're just a half inch longer than they should be. People kept saying they're too small, then others were saying they're too big, so I just ignored them and went with what I wanted. :) No regrets here!
B003FZ9TYA Best driving shoe for those with a clutch I used to wear a pair of Johnston and Murphy loafers for driving, but they were just a little too flimsy to feel secure while shifting--especially after seeing years of use.  These shoes are perfect for those that want that solid heel/toe movement.  The heel is stiff while the front sole has that slight bend you need, yet still being stiff enough to make pressing the clutch in and out less of a hastle.  Overall, great shoe for those who want a driving shoe. I can walk around in them for a bit, however, I wouldn't consider them the most comfortable daily walker due to the stiff heel and narrow width.  They're solid in terms of a "quick run", but I've always kept an extra pair of shoes in my car(even since my Johnston's) that I'm more comfortable walking in for long periods of time. They're great as a snug driving shoe and for that I'll say it does its job. Stylish as well.
B003FZGOC0 GREAT SHOE I bought this shoe to wear at work, I walk A LOT all day long so I wanted something decent...BEST work shoes I ever had, took a couple days to break in they were a little tight at first (as pumas tend to be) but definitely worth it.
B003FZGOC0 4 sar This shoes is beautiful in color combination and the fitness I like it but not really soft but at least it's not hurting my feet.  Only it bothers me is the tongue of this shoe because it is hard, it choking my leg feet.
B003FZKU5W Great shoe!!! My daughter loves these shoes.  The only thing I noticed is that they run a bit smaller.  My daughter is a 3 1/2 youth shoe size and I got her a 4 thinking she can grow into it.  Well the 4 is just right.  I wish I would have gotten a 4 1/2 or 5.  Either way it's a great fit for now.
B003FZL4YS Look nice but hurt Inside of shoe rubbed against toes causing blistering and discomfort (w/ and w/o sock). Shoe does not stretch.Felt like my feet were &#34;tired&#34; in these shoes.
B003GPXR0Q Love my PUMA's I have a love for PUMA's and I wanted this shoe from another site and was way excited when I saw it on Amazon for a better price. It is a very comfortable walking and running shoe & fits true to size. The colors are girly but not too pink at the same time! Would definitely recommend.
B003LY4K7G Great road shoe What else is there to say? Just note that these wont do very well for cross training or trail running, but theyre a great minimalist road shoe. They do run just a TAD big. I normaly wear a 10 1/2 and these push me to almost needing a 10. Just so you know.
B003LY4LGQ okay I have high arches and typically run 5-6 miles everyday. I purchased these as an alternate-day running shoe along with my new found favs, asics gel nimbus. These fail in comparison to the nimbus, however, they are a sound shoe, in what seems to be a real problem in finding a decent neutral plus running shoe. The cushioning is lacking in comparison to the nimbus, and the toe seems to be snugger; I will use these on my "low mileage days." In short, I would have been better served to order another pair of Nimbus.
B003LY4MNI Not a bad shoe It took some getting use to but overall it is a good shoe. Fairly light with plenty of cushion. Arches are a little low but it is not completely flat either.
B003LY4U5S Light like Heaven This shoe is very very light- the lightest Ive ever had for a shoe. it is also very comfortable.ive been wearing them for 2 years. the rubber bottom and wearing away and the sole is too, but i still wear them for the comfort. I ordered another puma shoe because pumas are the best brand!sometimes the my feet hurt from running alot, but i think it is because i barely run.i jst wish the shoes were made a little bit higher so i can be a little taller because my friends always say im short but they are the same height as me but they wear higher shoes.
B003LY4VNO Good Driving Shoe The shoe is nice and light and VERY slim and tight like you would expect from almost any Puma.The shoe size wise is very true length wise atleast in the size I got it in (14).Great for using for driving as it was intended for, but wearing them around for any extended period of time outside the car wrecked my feet. But thats to be expected out of such a specific use shoe.
B003LY4Z6W Marvellous Shoe. PUMA Men's Pwr-C 3.10 Tricks FG Soccer Shoe2 week delivery to Greece with an almost reasonable delivery cost(it could be slightly less). A great shoe, of extreme quality and great characteristics. Good leather quality and offers a very good football in-field experience(tested in a semi-professional environment). This shoe is an excellent purchase and the price offered is far too low than anywhere else around the globe(even with the delivery cost). I would suggest this purchase to anyone who would like a fancy, quality shoe, with great in-field behavior.
B003LY50XY Gotta love this shoe This is a great soccer shoe.  When I received it the color and design was beautiful.  As a matter of fact I like it so much I plan to order a second pair.  My son plays soccer as if it is the only game on the planet and the shoe has been able to stand up.  He say'e the fit is good and the I felt it was a very good buy for the price.
B003LY51L0 Solid, sturdy shoe I wore the heck out of these shoes, an hour or two each day. They did fall apart after a year but I did wear them into the ground. Overall a solid shoe that's comfortable. If they had lasted longer I'd have given it 5 stars. Also, the shoe is a little small so order a half size bigger.
B003LY524Q my new favorite shoe... These might be my new favorite shoe. I will wait till I get some more miles on them to see how durable they are, but they have exceeded my expectations comfort wise.
B003M1PH48 great looking shoe the yellow is more dull in person, the black is more ridged than i thought it would be. buy it to your true shoe size, so that it fits like a sock, if not, you will have to send them back and get the smaller size... like i did.
B003MAJTAM Norhing Like a PUMA! Was highly impressed with this tennis shoe.  Very comfortable, affordable, and love the added color combo with white.  The quality of the shoe was top notch.  I ordered my regular size 8 and have to wear thin no-show socks with them in order for them not to be too snug.  If you like to wear thick socks with your tennis shoes, I would probably go up a 1/2 size to be safe.  Highly recommend!!!
B003MAJWCW Nice shoe It's pretty thin so doesn't support much, but I prefer that. Nice quality and even though white, is easy to keep clean. I also loved the packaging the shoe came in. Puma is trying to be more &#34;green&#34; and I'm always looking for that in a company.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker,White/Sharp Green I really like these shoes. I bought these shoes because they were on sale and they looked like a good pair of walking shoes. They arrived right on time and fit just as I expected them to fit. They are quite comfortable and they really hug your foot; it is a minimal-type shoe so if you are not used to wearing a minimal shoe they could be uncomfortable. I think they are light and airy, they do not feel as heavy on your feet as a normal pair of shoes, I feel like I can walk faster because they are so light. I also think this shoe has a very attractive design. They are very sleek and athletic looking, they look great with workout gear or average everyday attire. They are definitely not a clunky shoe, they mold to your foot for a very comfortable fit.
B003MAJWCW Excellent shoe choice These sneakers are lite, comfortable, and great for zumba.  I already knew that pumas would be great for zumba, it was just a matter of finding the right shoe. This purchase was affordable and comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Puma sizing tricky... I had found a similar Puma shoe I liked in the store; however, the store didn't have the right size.  The shoe seemed to run on the small side.  So, when I ordered on-line, I took this into account.  This did not work to my favor.  This shoe, on the other hand, seemed to run large.  I returned one pair and ordered a smaller size.  However, when this smaller one arrived, it was also too large.  I finally just kept it, as I didn't want to bother with the process anymore.
B003MAJWCW Long Lasting Product! This shoe was for my daughter and she uses for gym at school. She has been using the shoes for one year and there has been n damage. The shoe is very comfortable and has great cushions inside. Definetely good for running and other sports!
B003MAJWCW Nice Shoe This arrived extremely fast and in new condition as promise.  They were purchased for my Granddaughter who had to have them.  We look all over for her size...Amazon had them...thanks so very much
B003MAJWCW Great shoe Great shoe! The color is as shown in the picture if not better and more vibrant. The item shipped very fast.
B003MAJWCW Nice looking I purchased this exact pair of shoes because it was a great fit and looked so stylish.I wore these sneakers for the first time for a day of shopping and errand running. I felt the stitching on the shoe tongue was making a cutting/irritating/sharp scratching feel to the front of my ankle. I wear low ankle athletic socks with all my sneakers. I suggest wearing a higher ankle sock with this shoe. Just like the other reviewer said, the ribbon-like shoe laces do not stay tied. They need to be double knotted. I just changed my laces out.Another issue I have with this sneaker design is the rounded sole; rather than a flat bottom. It's a great look but the sole tends to make my foot roll outward.
B003MAJWCW PUMA for life This is my 3rd or 4th pair of PUMA's and I love them.  I am on my feet a lot and honestly I find these sneakers more comfortable than a pair of Nike's or other running/walking shoe.  I also really like how you can get PUMA's in a bunch of other colors.  I chose black this time because I wanted something that wasn't going to show a lot of dirt or scuff marks.  This shoe and most PUMA's would probably appeal to someone who doesn't need a lot of ankle support.  Overall, I was happy with the fit (true to size), color, and quality of this shoe.  Can't wait to add to my collection!
B003MAJWCW The price was right It's a comfortable shoe I can wear to work and not wear out quickly. They don't move as freely as some other PUMAs I've owned but is still a good shoe.
B003MAJWCW Great Shoe! I was looking for a shoe that fit a slim foot and also not have a bulky look...these are great!
B003MAJWCW Looks good, but I read the reveiws on this shoe and decided to purchase a pair. I ordered 1/2  size larger and the shoes were loose and gapped off my feet around the sides. I really liked the shoe; lightweight and pretty. But they did not look right on my feet. If you purchase these shoes try your size. I have wide duck feet, but should have tried on a pair before purchasing. The problem was strictly my fault.
B003MAJWCW Didnt like at all. This shoe just didn't fit right it was to big to wide I hate the shoe strings I want order  shoes on line I need to try them on first.
B003MAJWCW Nice! These are very nice, but I think I should've went with an all leather shoe.  They are comfortable after a couple of times.  The thing I didn't like is the creases on the toe...but that is b/c of all the walking I do.  So maybe not recommended for a walking shoe.  I wear a 8 1/2 and purchased my size and they fit perfect.
B003MAJWCW Not the euro shoe The reliably fittingIn a euro style that is classic and acceptable as a more elegant athletic shoe for touring.
B003MAJWCW Not correct size This shoe was way too big for the size listed. I wish it was a better fit because it felt like a good shoe for casual wear
B003MAJWCW great shoe..SUPER FAST delivery Comfy and neat little shoe..LOVE them so much bought the hubby a pair of mens black and yellow pumas which are super nice! Will purchase again!
B003MAJWCW Too short This shoe is too short./  Vamp is good and snug, but toes are cramped.  Need to return it.Might like it if it fit.  Thought I was getting another 186002-05 fabric shoe which I love.  can't use35171046.
B003MAJWCW ...as I expected Love the Puma style. They go perfect with my yoga pants and  have just enough color detail; I don't like an all white shoe. The only thing I strongly suggest is that the company put a better arch support and heel cushion in the shoe. Since it's a low profile shoe there is not enough depth to use an insert.
B003MAJWCW little white, but cute There is a little too much white on this shoe for my taste, but overall a comfortable shoe. The shoe is also very low, not much heel.
B003MAJWCW Great Shoe! Super comfortable shoe.  I have purchased several pairs of this style shoe and I love them! You won't be disappointed.
B003MAJWCW Great shoe! Great shoe, very comfortable and sleek looking, exactly as a puma shoe should be.  They naturally come narrow, so if you have a wide foot, probably not the brand for you.The only thing that kept this from a 5 star review was the shoelaces -- they are pretty thin and flimsy (more of a cross between a shoelace and Christmas ribbon).  This didn't worry me much though;  I ordered separate laces in different colors.Overall -- a great buy.  Love the shoes.
B003MAJWCW but overall nice looking they were a bit tight, and then I fractured my toe and couldn't wear them at all, but overall nice looking shoe
B003MAJWCW i love my pumas I like pumas for comfort, their style is unique and I recommend this shoe and name to all my friends on facebook and in person....
B003MAJWCW Cute, casual sneakers These shoes look great. I like that they are a slimmer style and they look great with jeans. They are surprisingly comfortable for how thin they are. The only negatives I have is the thinness of the body of the shoe and the shoe laces. The laces are kind of like ribbon and so they don't stay tied very well. This shoe definitely isn't for cold weather. The shoe is pretty thin. Overall I really like these shoes.
B003MAJWCW Cute shoe Shoe is nice looking but not as comfortable for walking as I had expected.  It also has much less support that anticipated
B003MAJWCW Casual sneaker I ordered this shoe one-half size larger than I normally wear and it is a perfect fit. It works well for casual  and leisure events. It did not receive top ratings due to the wrinkling across the front of the shoe after continuous wear.
B003MAJWCW try again I like the way the shoe feels under the arch but it seems to run wide at the top where your toes bend and makes a big crease when you walk that is uncomfortable. The shoe laces weren't sport laces so had to switch them.
B003MAJWCW Love Them Great shoe have I have had them in the past for walking!only shoe I can walk in everyday and not get pain inmy shins...Fast Delivery!
B003MAJWCW not for zumba The shoe is fine with great arch support, but it's not for zumba.  I have knee problems, and these shoes do not pivot well.  Other than that, no problems.  Still looking for a good zumba shoe.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil FS Sneaker The shoe fits very well, as I had hoped.  The shoe is comfortable after you get used to the lower sole and flexibility, as opposed to regular sneakers.
B003MAJWCW Great shoe I never usually buy shoes online, but I am glad I did. The shoe looks great with jeans. They took a little time to get use to, they don't have good arch support like normal athletic shoes. Also, the laces are flimsy. My husband even remarked how thin they were. Overall I paid less than the retail price so I feel like I still got a great deal. They fit true to size.
B003MAJWWW Nice shoe at a great price This is my second pair of Puma running shoes.  The first I got in the size I normally wear (8.5) but they were too tight, too short.  I wore them for a while but they didn't stretch much, so I ordered these in a whole size bigger.  If there wasn't so much mesh on this shoe, they might be on the snug side too.  Going up a size bigger seemed to just make them wider rather than much longer.  Confusing sizing aside, these are great shoes, feel light, my feet never get heavy, even on longer runs.  The laces are super long though and stretchy, so be prepared for that.
B003MAJYTS Great Shoe. Wish this shoe came in a Wide width, but even though it doesn't the shoe has still stretched enough to fit my slightly wide feet.A year after buying them they are still holding up and fitting great.  Would absolutely buy these again.
B003MSMI2K Great Shoe Great Shoe! I have a big toe joint problem and was looking for a wider shoe with stiff front sole. I have been playing pain free since this purchase. I recommend this shoe, nice looking as well
B003MSMI2K Great Shoe I really like the styling on this golf shoe. I have some foot injuries that make many normal tennis shoes uncomfortable. Golf shoes have a stiff sole that helps so I simply use "street cleats" and wear them everywhere. I would definitely buy this style again.
B003R4ZMYK Good running shoe I really like this shoe. Really comfortable to run in. I also use for baseball and sometimes i throw bullpens in them. I really like the rubber toe when I pitch, because it keeps the shoe from tearing like i've had happen to other running shoes in the past. Only thing wrong with the shoes was the liner on the sole inside, it started to come off after a few long runs and is kind of annoying. Other than that its a good shoe and i'll probably buy another pair soon.
B003R4ZMYK Puma Voltaic are the best shoes I love these shoes and have over 10 pairs. Great breathable mesh toe area. But the best part is the tongue. It's not your typical tongue that slides from side to side , it actually is part of the shoe and is soft . You can easily slide he shoe on and off, and feels great when you run
B003S9VJU0 Cat With Power I Previously Owned A Puma Soccer Shoe which served Me Very Good So When I Had To Replace The Old One Puma Was The First Thing That came To Mind. I Have Nothing But Praise For My Puma Powercat, It's Lightweight, Colourful, Stylish And Well Made Which Makes It A Great Shoe For Playing, My Only Issue Is The Shoe Doesn't Flap Which Mean I Have To Keep Fixing The Tongue On Occasions But Overall I'm Very Much Satisfied With My Powercat, Will recommend To Anyone, As I Write I Am looking Forward To A couple Hours so I Can Slip My Feet Into The Powercat And Have Some Competition.
B003U6ZTK2 Girls love these shoes I am happy with this shoe purchase as well as my girls, one daughter (age 7, shoe size 1.5) has a WIDE foot and finds the shoe quite comfortable and has received complements on them.  My other daughter (age 6, shoe size 1) also found the shoes comfortable and fit to true shoe size.
B003U6ZW7M Stood the test I bought these for my rough and tumble grandson. They have held up to his abuse. Really good quality shoe. He is bad about not always wearing socks and he wore out the footbed lining. Very easily replaced with a $1.00 pair of insoles that I traced, cut out,inserted...new life for this shoe. Really well made shoe. Definitely recommend.
B003U892HG nice shoe...doesnt last long though My son was very excited to get this shoe, however after only having them for two weeks the puma sign on the side of the shoe faded off quickly....I just think it's a lot of money for a shoe that does not hold up as well as it should.
B003UBTQJW Baby's first shoe I hadn't realized when I bought them that they were designed to be able to put on your baby's foot one handed by mama. The top flap folds back and it opens up wide enough to slip babys foot back in. I don't know how many times we have been somewhere and my son has kicked off a shoe while I'm holding him and there is not a good place to sit him to put it back on. Or it would be a super hassle so the shoe just goes into the babybag. But I hold him in one hand, ask my daughter to retrieve the shoe and I open it and slip it on. No problem. I was concerned about the shoes being white and him crawling and getting them dirty and worn, but, these shoes have held up and wipe off super easy. Oh, the sole inside removes and you can put it on the bottom of baby's foot and it will show you if it the right size for baby's foot.
B003V6ZUFA The best shoe for shooting This is the best shoe for shooting it is incredible with a great touch due to the kangaroo leather and very comfortable
B00417XVC2 Love the Puma Love the color, black, red and little white. This shoe is light and has great traction on the road walking or jogging. I had other puma's but this shoe is good on the road.
B00417XVC2 Good running shoe The shoe was somewhat tight but was light and really worked well. Mostly used for running on the treadmill really
B0042AMTOE Great Shoe! Love this Shoe!  They do seem to be a bit pointier than the picture shows but once I slipped them on, I didn't want to take them off.  They are one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I own.  I also stayed with size i would normally wear and they fit
B0042AMTOE A trendy sport shoe These are great.  I wanted a sport shoe without the traditional lace up/velcro.  This is a slip on; secure, comfortable and looks good.
B0042AMWY6 Almost great I bought this shoe for my wife and she loved the look and feel when standing still.  Unfortunately for her, when she would wear these while walking for a while, the back of the shoe would rub against her achilles and cause irritation.  She has done some modifications to cushion the back somewhat but it still is cumbersome.  Three stars because it is bearable.  I've told her to just wear them on the days she doesn't plan on moving.
B0042AN0PG A little tight I should have ordered this as a size 12 or 11 1/2 if available but I still likeed the shoe and still have them for around the house lounging around but not good for any strenuous sport because of snug because of size, not the shoe.
B0042AN0PG Great Driving Shoe This is a great shoe..... Very comfortable and well made..... Has a European look and great fit...... For the money you can't go wrong.....
B0042AN2K4 AWESOME! This shoe has been the best shoe I have ever purchased. I watched a lot of &#34;youtube&#34; reviews to get an idea on how this product would fit. It is a little sleek and slender so if you have wide feet I would recommend buying a size bigger. The pictures here do not even justify how great this shoe really is. I have had mine for quite a while now and they aren't even worn out. This shoe is so comfortable you could sleep in them! All in all this is a great buy! Money well spent! I will be getting another pair soon.
B0042AND1M nice this shoe is a very nice shoe. i recommend it for any one. it is the bomb with pencil jeans
B0042AND1M cool on the outside, warm on the inside :) Wow! This shoe looks so much cooler in person, rather than the picture! I got this one in black, I'm not sure about the colors, but they're very cool. They run a bit small but thats okay 'cause I bought it a little big. The good thing with these is that they don't look ridiculously big, rather they're really sleek while giving you that high top look.The fur isn't as thick as it looks in the picture but its pretty warm around the top of the shoe, around the tip near the toes, the fur is less, but thats where you actually want the fur cause your toes are the ones that freeze first. They're also not as sturdy as it looks in the picture; they're pretty floppy, especially the tongue, but that allows it to be more sleek.If you're looking for a sturdy, boot-like shoe, this is probably not for you. But if you're looking for a warm, sleek, high top this is definitely the way to go.
B0042ANT48 Perfect fit ! I have read the reviews on amazon about the shoe size and purchased a size 12  I usually wear 10.5). I must say this shoe fits perfectly on my feet, it is very very comfortable and looks just as advertised. In terms of durability, I must admit if you kick a ball around the field it will eventually wear but my intention is to hang out at a sports bar or for casual social gatherings. I am a satisfied customer.
B00439GBOS GREAT SHOES Shipment came earlier than expected which is awesome!  The shoes are incredible!  The size is exact to my typical size and they are very comfortable.  They look awesome and seem to be a shoe that will last for a long time.  Great shoe for the price!
B00439GBOS Excellent arch support the following was stated by my dad whom i bought this for.......&#34;If you do lots of walking this is the shoe for you. They are very comfortable and keep your foot cool&#34;
B00439GCEM I expected more for the price I usually get cheapie sneakers, but I decided to treat myself with these. I was disappointed. Their redeeming quality is that they are comfortable even for my weird feet. I was really disappointed that after a very short time the color faded, and the piping frayed. The shoelaces kill me! They are a ribbon like material with metal end caps. Sure the ends never fray, which is great however the material makes it so they never stay tied, and you can't even be all nonchalant about them being untied because of the metal caps. &#34;i'll just tie my shoe when I get through the door/end of the hall, after I put down random object, ect....&#34; Nope! it's all clink, clink , clink. Stranger coming up to you, &#34;hey did you know your shoe is untied?&#34; Gee no I thought my feet were performing a drum solo to compliment my awesomeness! I don't totally regret buying them, but I won't buy them again.
B00439GCEM Great shoes! but sizing runs very big! I usually wear an 8 1/2 shoe size, but wore a 7 1/2 in these shoes.  Had to return twice, but returns/exchange program is very efficient.
B00439GCEM Excellent Very good shoe, confortable, excelent material. I will recomeded always. PUMA is a brand that you can trust. I love it
B00439GCEM Sharp shoe, great for those with skinny feet! I picked up a pair of these shoes in the white color with the yellow stripe. My youngest daughter borrowed them and liked them so much we bought her a pair in solid white. Then I saw these on sale and bought them in black. The interesting thing is that this pair runs a bit smaller than the other two. I am generally a size 9 to 9 1/2 and have very skinny long feet, the first two pairs fit great with a tiny bit of room at the end of the shoe bed. (Size 9 1/2). This pair (black suede) are shorter in the shoe bed. My toes just touch the end of the shoe when I am standing up. I haven't decided if I am going to keep them or exchange them for a size 10 yet. I will probably spend some time walking around the house to see if they bother or stretch out.All in all they are a very nice, light weight shoe for those with narrow feet. But the black suede does run about a 1/2 size small!
B00439GCEM Awful shoe!! One star is too much. This item was waaaay bigger than size, arrived scuffed, wrinkled, yes you read right wrinkled, looked like an accordion in the middle!! I can't even believe Amazon would ship out a shoe in this condition. This is highly unacceptable for the standards they are bragging on setting. I love Amazon but they can use improvement.
B00439GCEM Great Shoe Use these shoes for waitressing and cosmotology.  Very comfortable shoe!I would recommend these shoes to anyone that stays on their feet for prolonged periods.
B00439GCEM love the shoe!! shoe is well worth the price!! love it!!  I've seen similar like this at much higher prices. comfort is great!!
B00439GCEM Really disappointed. The shoe tore within the first 3 weeks.The right shoe along the top of the shoe, along the seam where the stripes start.Can't even believe it.
B00439GCEM for my daughter She likes these a lot...however, they fit a little larger than the actual size.  Like me, she is an 8 -- and the shoe fits closer to 8.5  otherwise...it is a nice shoe...
B00439GCEM A Cool pair of shoes This is a very confrontable shoe for all around activities.  Size is accurate so you shouldn't have any problems with fit.
B00439GCEM nice shoe i really like how they look.  at first they felt weird.  the sole is different than a regular shoe.  but after a couple of days i got used to it and i like them a lot.
B00439GCEM Great shoe This shoe is so comfortable I hate to take them off at the end of the day!Perfect for running around in, working or shopping.  My feet and legs don't ache at the end of a long day at work anymore.  I have a job where I'm on my feet the entire day, so it was nice to find a shoe that is this comfortable.  Would recommend it to anyone.
B00439GCEM GREAT LOOKING SHOE!! GREAT LOOKING SHOE!!BUT......feels like men's Sizing--extra long and wide...had to return but willlikely order another PUMA, great brand.
B00439GCEM lightweight, lacks support. Love this shoe for it's purpose. I live in a cold climate where much of the winter is spent in bulky snow boots so I needed a lightweight shoe I could carry in my backpack for walking around campus. It's great for summertime as well.It's a simple, slim fitting shoe but if I am to be doing a lot of walking I stick with something with a little more stability and support. Love the low-cut fit and the suede is breathable yet doesn't let any moisture in.
B00439GCEM first pair of pumas these shoes are great for the most part, but I had to give it 4 out of 5 stars because when they arrived, the insole in one of the shoes somehow got &#34;crinkled&#34; at the toe part, like it didn't make it all the way to the toe part of the shoe.  I ended up trying to pull out the insole and straighten it out. Even now, it's still not completely smoothed out, which is a bit of of bummer, since the other shoe is quite comfortable. Maybe I'll just have to get used to wearing one &#34;lumpy&#34; shoe and one really comfy shoe.
B00439GCEM Very comfy shoe I saw someone at a doc office have these and liked the look of them. When I tried them on at a local retailer they were even more comfy than they look! Great shoe and very comfy.
B0044VCQIA euro size is incorrect This is a beautiful shoe that follows the form of the foot. It is lightweight and flexible, the design akin to a jazz oxford dance shoe, but with a thin rubber sole added. For those looking for support, this is not your shoe because it is almost like barefoot. Those who order by European size BEWARE as  sizing is incorrect. A 38 in this shoe is really a 37 (or US 6.5-7). Order one size up from normal if you are ordering by European sizing.
B00486TJ90 Very soft, nice quality sock These fit my size 1 shoe'd 6 year old boy very nicely.  They are so stretchy, they would likely fit my oldest son's size 6 shoe'd feet as well.  They are very soft, moderately thick (padded on the bottom and the ankle), and my son loves the colors.  He's a big fan of puma's in general, so they were certainly a hit gift for his birthday.
B0049J57OM Best Gym shoe ever!!! This was the best shoe I have ever used for training.  They are so light they feel like your wearing nothing.  I don't think this shoe would be great for running outside as the sole does not provide alot of support, it's pure treadmill for me.
B0049J57OM Another pair added to my collection. Shoe is stylish and lightweight. Material of upper is breathable, sole is flat and flexible and overall the shoe is comfortable. However my one problem with this shoe is the sole flexes so easily that the inner sole which is not glued down to the inside doesn't stay in place. It is annoying to have to remove the shoe every 20 mins to put it back in place or bear the discomfort. Other than that the shoe is cheaply priced for a reason.... it is low quality and just a stylish casual shoe resembling a running shoe.
B0049J57OM Wonderful These Faas 300 sneakers are great for what they are: a lightweight, minimalist shoe that performs wonders on the track. I use these for interval training on a track, and I could not have asked for a better shoe. The 300's have adequate cushioning and good support for hour-long workouts.I ordered the Lime Punch/Fluo Orange pair, and they are much brighter in person. Not a bad thing, in my opinion.A note about sizing: Puma generally runs small, and this shoe is no exception. I ordered up a half-size and the shoe fit perfectly (narrow-medium feet for me). It is necessary to do the same.For the price, this shoe is too good of a deal NOT to buy. While it isn't for everyone, it is perfect for the specific niche runner that does sprints on the track.
B004DKPPR6 good but not for the 400 or below the shoe fits fine and spikes are all great nice design shoe laces dont stay tied for a long time my shoe laces come untied when running the mile. When i run the 400 sice that is considered a long sprint the heel isnt high enough so it often slips off. The heel is also very thin so my heel has hurt ever since i started running with them in track meets. Overall good shoe you just might want a heel cup to help cusion your heel so they dont hurt.
B004DKPPR6 Good High End Distance Spike Depending on your foot, this shoe will vary on fit. For someone like myself with narrow and slender feet, I found the toebox to be somewhat roomy as well as the midfoot region. The heel fit well and the shoe is virtually weightless. They look as awesome as they are shown in the picture and I look forward to using them for the 800m. I did find some of the materials to seem a bit cheap but I was reassured by a certified pedorthist (hope that's spelled right) that they would not fall apart after having used them several times and were a solid pair of racing spikes for my particular event. Though I had second thoughts after receiving this shoe, I am now convinced that it was a great buy and I would certainly recommend them to anyone considering running events ranging from the 800m to possibly the 5k on a track. Good job Puma!
B004DKQY0I Puma Sprint lll  Love the shoe I really like the Puma Sprint lll track shoe...it's very nice and light for running.  It fits very well too!
B004DKQY0I Shoe feels comfortable and sturdy I was very surprised on how comfortable these shoes feel.  The shoe runs true to size.  I recommend purchasing these running sneakers by Puma.  Everything is nice on these shoes, especially the colors.
B004DSTRE0 Classic Style with a Contemporary Twist Puma has designed a classic ballet flat with a few extra features which make the shoe very comfortable .  The heel cup is built like any traditional flat, and eliminates the elastic digging in the heel most ballet flats have. The cushioning in the floor of the shoe is enough to make walking in the shoe comfortable. Ballet flats are not designed for arch support and these are no different, although they are easy to wear for a day of walking.  The punch of color on the toe is contemporary and attractive. This sleek shoe can be a "go to" in the wardrobe as it works well with slacks, skirts, jeans. Lightweight, the shoe is super for travel, and easy to pack. Leather is soft, elastic is sufficient to hold shape of shoe without binding the foot. Runs a half size small. Each time these are worn compliments come - -  great alternative to athletic shoes if you're loooking for a sleek look, and comfort.
B004GB0SNS Shoe is Great The look on this shoe is very spectacular. I love how light it is. The only problem with this type of color is that it is very hard to keep clean and it is not a shoe for long-term use. After a couple months, the threats start becoming worn and the bend on the top of the foot becomes move evident. At first when I first got the shoe, it fit very tight but after about 3 days it starts to loosen up and it begins to fit great. I would not recommend this shoe for running though, but I will emphasize the lightness of the shoe again because it is so great when walking. Overall I liked this shoe, I just wish they lasted longer, but a great fashion or casual shoe.
B004GB0SNS Shoe I really like the product and also bought the shoe based on the shoe size but once I got it, the show was few inch short so it's just siting the same box since I bought it.
B004GB0SNS Great fit and sporty look I am very happy with the Puma fashion sneaker!  It runs a size small, so I had to order a 14 D to fit my usual shoe size of 13 D. The craftsmanship is superb, and it is a very light durable shoe with great stitching.  I recommend this shoe for light wear and casual get togethers.
B004GB0T7S Great shoe! I was wearing a cheaper shoe and had a lot of foot pain.  This shoe is light, comfortable and provides good support.  I had to buy it a size larger but it is really a nice looking shoe and performs well.  Good price on Amazon
B004GB0U6S One shoe!! I got these shoes and I was so excited little did I know I opened them up tried them on and the left shoe was a 1/2" shorter than the right one!! I could barely squeeze my foot in! I don't know if they were just a botched pair but I hope when I send them back they give me a pair that are the same size!! Otherwise they are really cute and the right shoe was comfy:)
B004GB0V3A Great shoe but runs larger Great color and shoe. Make sure you get your actual shoe size. I bought a larger size due to the fact i own several pairs of pumas and they do tend to run narrow. This one is wider so i have to wear with jeans. not shorts like i hoped.
B004GB0WR0 There are lots of better shoes out there I bought these running shoes as an experiment because they were about half the price on Amazon compared to other sites and in stores. The shoe is pretty lightweight and provides decent support, but it is not wearing as well as other shoes I've had in the past. It also looks and feels clunky. I prefer a shoe that is more streamlined. I usually buy ASIC and will go back to that for my next running shoe.
B004GB0XVA Puma Repli Cat III - Excellent driving Shoes The size I got fitted both my feet like a glove. The sole is thin and tactile enough to give good pedal feel and facilitate delicate clutch control. The shoe is narrow so that there is never the chance of you hitting two pedals at once. Relatively warm and snug in the cooler seasons but waiting to see what it's like in the warm months.Excellent service from Amazon who promptly sent a replacement shoe when I reported my original shoe delivery as being lost.
B004GB0XVA I like them Really like these shoes, I am on my second pair. It's what i was looking for. Comfortable just a great shoe overall.  I would definitely buy again
B004GB0XVA It feels great It's what I thought it was going to be, great shoe it fits great. I recomend it a lot and it's the best
B004GB0XVA great shoe I like the shoe, I just wish it fit a little better. I still wear them sometimes, but I can only wear them for a few hours.
B004GB0XZ6 Excellent Shoes! This particular brand of shoe has excellent support and is very comfortable.  I suggest trying out the similar Puma brand shoe in a sports store and finding your size.  I normally wear wide widths (8 1/2), but I bought this in a size 9 and it fits perfectly.One day I was not wearing these shoes and did a 3 mile run/walk.  I was extremely sore the next day and could really notice the difference. These shoes offer a lot of protection from heat, cold and the reflective exterior is great to have at night time as a safety protection.This seems like a costly shoe, but it is well worth the money.
B004GB0YMS Bargain for this shoe - fits great, looks better! Although it is a previous year model (who cares - would not reject an older Ferrari car either, right?) and therefore at less than 35 dollars, best buy ever! Cathes the eye for sure - many possitive comments on the looks. Got the red Ferrari belt to go with it - Nice!Take a size up from normal shoe size. My foot is a wider foot and i have normally 11.5-12Got a 13 and fits perfect (actually is my second pair of Puma Ferrari in 13).
B004GB0ZW2 puma! honestly, the second i pulled them out of the box i thought they were fake. because i own 11 pairs of pumas and they All have the puma logo on the tongue. All of my shoes have the puma sign and logo stiched either on the tongue, or some other part of the shoe. the tongue of this model only says puma. the back of the shoe has a tiny puma sign (barely visible). and the sticker inside the shoe is oddly different than any one ive seen. (that was at first). As soon as i put them on, i was like JK! Theyre DEFINITELY AMAZING PUMAS! Very comfortable and easy to break in shoes. and, Awesome seller, and very speedy shipping!
B004GB0ZW2 When they say 'BASIC', they are not kidding. I have purchased around 4 pairs of PUMA brand shoes in the past, and practically all of them have been wonderfully comfortable, until now. The PUMA Street LO NM Basic Sneaker is simply not comfortable. The shoe sole feels awfully thin. It feels like my feet are actually touching the ground. The tongue digs into my ankle when I walk, and leaves a mark, and my pinky toe rubs the side of the shoe. This may have been my fault for not purchasing a larger size. I had believed that since I had the same size PUMA shoes at home that these would be the same. These shoes run a bit small.Pros:Look greatProven PUMA qualityCons:Thin shoe soleShoe tongue digs into ankleShoe rubs on pinky toeA bit on the expensive side for a pair of sneakers (paying for the name on the shoe, basically)Summary:If you plan on purchasing these, order half a size up from your normal size, they seem to run small. I would also suggest investing in a pair of shoe inserts or extra cushioning. They are comfortable on their own, but with a person like me that is on their feet all day, you will want the extra cushioning.
B004GB10LC great shoe over a year's worth of wearing and its still comfy. great tennis shoe. i would get another Puma. well worth it for the price.
B004GB11H0 5 stars Shoe! Very good shoe... very comfortable and it has a very unique style that identifies puma shoes... im very happy with this shoe
B004GB11H0 Puma Drift Cat III L Sneaker I ordered this shoe first in a size 61/2 which is my size.  The shoe was huge!  It is a wide width, but that is what I wanted.  The width did not affect the length of the shoe.  I reordered a size 6 and when it arrived, it was BIGGER than the 61/2.  I returned both pair.  The delivery was fine and Amazon worked with me on not charging me to return the 2nd pair.  I could not even begin to guess how big this shoe runs, but if you order this cute sneaker be sure you wear a wide width and order at least a full size smaller.
B004GB11H0 Would recommend. This is a great looking shoe! Very soft and since they run a little narrow, fit like a glove.  Glad I read the reviews and took the advice of getting them half a size bigger.This shoe really is just for looks. I would not take them to Disneyland or anywhere that you expect to ne walking all day. Which is fine, it's not like I go all that often. One last, minor thimg, the shoe laces seem like they are a bit short for the shoe. But, maybe I just like them a little looser than most.I have had other Puma shoes and these are my favorite ones. No regrets....
B004GB11O8 Great sneakers for a great price Bought these as my everyday sneakers and have not been disappointed. I typically like a stylish shoe, but not overly so, and comfort of course is a big factor. I had been wearing Onitsuka Tigers before and I liked how they felt and looked, but I wanted something with a more solid sole. These are nice because they have a thick solid sole, I didn't want a &#34;skater&#34; shoe, and these aren't, they're a good medium between a tennis shoe and skater I think. They are comfy for my relatively wider foot and the insole is very plush. The white around the bottom wears off a little easy but it's no big deal. The color is excellent in general and for the price I paid (~$45) you can't beat it honestly.
B004GB11O8 Classic Tennis Shoe As a huge Puma fan I can't believe it took me this long to get my hands (feet) on a pair of the classic G. Vilas.  Super comfy and perfectly retro, I love this shoe.  The GV series seem to run smaller than my TT Super or Bluebird, so I had to go up a half size for the perfect fit.
B004GB11O8 Very Sharp Looking, But The Quality Just Isn't What It Used To Be. The Puma Men's G Vilas L2 Fashion Sneaker is a very sharp looking sneaker and seems easy to keep clean, but be prepared for a longer break-in period! The older G Vilas were made of nubuck leather where as the present shoe has more textile ( almost seems like a plastic ). Needless to say the older model was much more comfortable and of better quality. I wear a size 11.5, and that's what I purchased, but I wish I would have ordered a size 12. I'd suggest going up at least 1/2 a size on this shoe for better comfort. I'm not totally displeased with my purchase of this product since they are a good looking shoe, but I guess I had too high of expectations from Puma because of the company they used to be ( just a little disappointed! ). It's all about money and ripping off the consumer!
B004GB11O8 Great Style Usually go for the Denim equivalent of this shoe, but decided against them this time after fading. While I am happy with these shoes, they do have a cheap feel to them. Tongue of shoe is very flimsy and sole looks cheaply manufactured when viewed up close. Overall, nobody looks at your apparel as close as you do, so I doubt bystanders will notice. Overall style is clean and simple.
B004GB11Z2 shoe description or picture is improper I was actually looking for a velcro system so that the shoe can be tightened or loosened as needed. But it came out just as an ordinary pump without much flexibility.
B004GB1242 Great traction Purchase was intended as an occasional dry weather golf shoe, and they performed brilliantly for that task.  They are equally good for casual recreation.
B004GB1242 Comfortable, fits well, good cushioning. I wanted something I could wear everyday, and walk in a lot without my feet hurting. This shoe fits those needs. The cushioning is soft, noticeable and sufficient. The finish is good and the shoe fits well. I bought a size bigger than my regular shoe size since puma runs about one size small. I have been wearing it for a few weeks now and have no complaints about it.I read in another review that the color comes of the inner sole on to the sock. That did not happen with my pair.I would recommend it to someone who is looking for an everyday shoe to wear with jeans or anything casual. I bought it for ~$45 after getting a discount for subscribing to amazon shoes.
B004GB1242 Great shoe at a great price. Nice casual walking shoe - great fit, soft feel and strangely enough a very quiet step.  Some have noted that this is a good running shoe - can't say I'd recommend it for that, but in terms of a good walking shoe to wear in the summertime, this is perfect.
B004GB1242 Something new A huge fan of the Puma brand. I have a couple other pair in different styles. Definetly something new as I've never even seen these in stores or in person. What i like about the shoe is its shape of course, a classic tennis shoe feel. The things i dont like as much is the thin fabric or cushion, it feels like my shoe might slip of, something to walk around in. Really. Also the thin fabric might make feet cold. But thats nothing though. They are still a good buy and will show style.
B004GB1242 Very light, comfortable shoe but beware cleaning them Pros:* Looks good (I got the Gray/Violet/Black/White), a little retro looking* I got a great deal at &lt;$40* The white part of the upper is fabric which you can't tell from the photo. I was surprised at first but it makes the shoe very light, breathable, and flexible.* Insole is very soft and spongyCons:* The suede gets dirty easily* Cleaning (UPDATED) - The shoe is hard to clean, you have to be careful not to soak the entire shoe or two things happen. First the fabric starts to get unglued and forms little bubbles. The second is the glue ends up making yellow/brown stains during drying. I had to spot clean them again with an old toothbrush and still couldn't get the stains completely out of the suede parts.Other:* Sizing seems normal, another pair of Pumas I have (Romas) are too small so I went a half size bigger here but it wasn't necessary.
B004GB1242 not wholly satisfied. but a well-made shoe. purchase the product with great expectations. upon receipt gives me the impression that the shoe is not the original cougar. has no internal labels that distinguish these shoes. I have a size 11US and those who buy are 10.5US and found to be larger than those who had. For the rest, a very nice shoe but with news that comment.
B004GB1242 Great shoes! I normally wear a 12, and this shoe fit slightly smaller than my other size 12 shoes. However it is not too small. These are extremely comfy and look great for a casual running style shoe. They are definitely worth what I paid for them. The black, charcoal and red color scheme looks really cool in person.
B004GB1242 Solid Kicks I've been wearing and purchasing Puma Whirlwinds for the past two years I'd say, and they still are my favorite style shoe.I can't quite find another shoe style that catches my eye the same as the Whirlwind.Pretty comfy shoe as well.
B004GB1242 Great shoe Great looking shoe just fits tight around the foot. Half a size larger than your usual size. Beautiful bright colors.
B004GB1242 Alright shoe bottoms don't like wet floors Love the look of the shoe but confront level wasn't the normal puma quailty. I almost busted my butt few times walking into a store or even my house if the shoe bottom got even little wet.
B004GB1242 comfy Good looking shoe for a narrow or medium foot.  These were purchased as a hybrid golf shoe.  Good for dry days on the course.
B004GB1242 Great Shoe Look just like the picture, the color is fantastic. Got them in a timely manner. Awesome shoe. Just awesome. Thank You.
B004GB1242 Nice shoe. Nice, comfortable shoe.  Puma's tend to last forever, and I hope this is the case for this pair as well.
B004GB1242 puma shoe Purchased for gift.  Receiver has been wanting this shoe.  States shoe is comfortable and fashionable.  Long wear history.  Had similiar shoe in past.
B004GB1242 Good shoe I normally do not wear this type of casual shoe, but was taking a trip where these would be useful.  I find the shoes to be very comfortable, and light.  Since I was traveling on an airline I did not want any shoes that were very big or heavy in my luggage.  These are easy to pack and great to wear.
B004GB1242 Buying several pairs Great shoe the fits my size &#34;D&#34; width. Very very  comfortable. I have received lots of complements on them. Shoe laces turning red now.
B004GB1242 Great shoe for playing drums Very light weight shoe .I bought these for playing drums and they work great for the kick.  These are also great for summer because they breath very well.
B004GB14HM Alright Decent shoe that wears out pretty quickly so don't expect them to stay &#34;fresh&#34;. They'll be looking pretty crumby following about 4 months of almost everyday wear. They also don't provide a lot of arch support, so this isn't the right shoe to wear if you're going to be walking long distances.
B004GB14HM Right shoe a bit tighter than left. I like the shoes. I don't know if the right shoe is smaller or my right foot is bigger than the left, but the pair that these replaced didn't have that problem. Oh well, maybe they will stretch.
B004GB14HM Looks great!  Nice price! Great shoe!!  Goes with everything.  I do not play soccer or any sport in this shoe, just casual wear.  Only con:  if you are going on an ALL DAY journey (hiking, shopping, walking, etc...), wear a more comfortable shoe.
B004GB14HM Amazing Shoe This shoe is everything that was described. Its really comfortable and is super super light weight, it really is a great buy!!!
B004GB195E Super cute spectator-like I bought these shoes at the Puma store in Chicago.  I was looking for a comfortable flat shoe that would replace my worn out black leather ballet flats.  When I saw these, they weren't exactly what I was looking for, but they were better!  A fashionable style reminiscent of the spectator shoe.  I got the black, white, and hot pink ones which look like tap dancer shoes.  Lightweight, comfy, stylish with everything!  The back heel does hurt a little after a while of wearing it all day, but not something a good padded foot sock won't cure.  I always get complimented when I wear them.
B004GB19WW Awesome Shoe!! It's a great thing I did not take the advise of the person that gave this shoe one star. Unlike my counter part, I purchased this shoe, and I am very very happy with this shoe. I wear size 13, so I have to admit I was a little worried after reading that his shoes didn't fit.I put my shoes on for the first time, and yes, they were a little snug, but these shoes are designed to fit your foot like a glove, not a normal shoe. If you are aware of that, you will love these shoes.I am a professional drummer that plays on a daily basis, and these shoes are EXACTLY what I was looking for. They are a steal at any price, but especially for the deal I got on Amazon.Ultimately; after wearing these shoes for a day to wear them in, I love them, and they work great. You barely know they're on once you wear them in. If you don't like them snug, buy them a size too big... just remember, eventually they will stretch.
B004GB1A8U Great for Zumba (TM) I bought these shoes for Zumba(tm) and have worn them twice.  Before purchasing,  I tried them on briefly  and  did not feel  any discomfort. However,  after wearing them for an hour-long class, I noticed that they do run a tad small. I recommend that you purchase up a half size.  As I usually put on my dance shoes just before class and remove them immediately, I can still use them for my classes.  This shoe  facilitates my "dance" moves so wonderfully that I plan to purchase a second pair, but in a  larger size.Until I made this purchase, I normally wore a different dance shoe and in comparison, this shoe has much less traction. If you normally wear regular sneakers for dance, you will want to be conscious of the ease with which your feet will move while wearing this shoe.Finally, if you have narrow feet, you will need to wear thicker socks. The four-star rating is a result of the width, is a concern for those with narrower feet.
B004GB1A8U Cute but inaccurate size and not too solid I had to return two pairs of this, because both were big and felt uncomfortable. I wear size 8, and even 7.5 was very big. Also the shoe is a little wider up top, and the sole is very thin. It looks trendy and all but not too solid for walking long distance.
B004GB1AG2 Great shoes This shoe by Puma is similar in fit and style to a martial arts shoe. Its true to size for Puma's which fits a bit small, but the shoe is comfortable, and stylist. You can wear them with jeans or shorts, and the color brown ins unusual for sneaker or shoe in this style. They're easy to slip on and off, and the velco side closures (apart of the shoe tongue) make it easy to adjust for your size or comfort.
B004GB1BEI Puma shoes This shoe is okay. I cannot say it is great since it is a bit stiff and I do not feel comfortable in it.After 30 minutes of running my feet becomes stiff.I could have bought a better shoe but from the description and the reviews I thought it was a good one.
B004GB1CH4 light weight shoe with some possible issues I'm a runner so I go through running shoes very quickly. I'm always looking for a good pair of shoes that I can rely on for a few hundred miles. As I'm currently training for a marathon, I was looking for a lighter shoe to wear on longer runs that wouldn't sacrifice stability. This shoe is definitely light. That's the plus side. The downside to this is the material that the upper is made from seems very cheap. After just a few weeks I began to notice a small tear forming near the toebox. Undoubtedly this is a result of the thin, weak material it is made from. While it does make the shoe very light, it can stand up to too much while in use. In terms of support and cushioning, the shoe feels very supportive and I'm surprisingly pleased with the cushioning it provides being as light as it is. Overall I'm not disappointed in the shoe and will continue to use them but wish the material used on the upper was a little more withstanding of abrasion.A note on sizing, they run fairly true to size with a snug yet comfortable feeling toebox.
B004GB1CXI Nice shoe - runs small I purchased these for my son in his regular size. As they are unisex I thought that would be fine. The shoe is good looking, stitching is nice and the sole appears sound...However the shoe runs small. It's an index finger width too short making the arch of the shoe wrong for his foot, and lastly the shoe is a little narrow. I've returned the shoe and we are trying the next full size up to see how that goes. I've given the shoe only a 3 star rating for the fit. But give the style of the shoe a 4 star.
B004GB1CXI nice product but tends to get dirty fast Looks exactly as described.  The front of it is rounded to the side, and has the classic Puma shape.However, after having worn it a few times only, I noticed that the front of the shoe looked very dark and dirty.  I only walked in the street with this shoe, but it absorbs all dirt from the outside.  I washed them in a washing machine and they looked better, but still, not as new.  I'm a bit disappointed.  I guess that's the nature of the material.  You should avoid all congested areas, clubs, malls, etc, you definitely don't want to be stepped on in this shoe.
B004GB1E7C Great shoe, Great price! Great shoes, sizing was right on and got them at a steal for $31.48 plus my prime 2day shipping included. The only down fall of the shoes is keeping them clean; Puma should include an after purchase care insert with the shoes. All in all they are a light, cool looking shoe.
B004GB1E7C Puma 65CC Lo Fashion this shoe lasted about 3 months of constant use before it began to lose shapedurability is quite poor ( Perfect for non sustained casual wear, However I used this shoe for everyday street wear and gym)For the course of the shoes 3 months,Comfort was acceptable, nothing specialGrip was adequate for pavement, gym most ordinary terrain apart from wet grass :PFlat shoe proves useful for Gym, and motor sports (car)Good shoe while it holds shape, after that the loose fitting shoe makes for a very unfit for use article
B004GEATZ2 Just Another Shoe For the price.  These are definitely not worth it.  Sounded like a good idea at the time.  I was looking for stylish shoes that had no shoe strings so that my 2 year old would have an easier time getting dressed on his own.  They look nice but you are definitely paying for the name brand.
B004GEAXIA Great Shoe, soft Leather, Good Price, look comfortable, Neat looking! could be just alittle hard for my kid to put on by himself Great Shoe, soft Leather, Good Price, look comfortable, Neat looking! could be just a little hard for my kid to put on by himself
B004GEAXY4 Great shoe This shoe is true to size.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the tonge keeps sliding down and bunching up.
B004GNQIOE Great fitting shoe, but.... This was a great fitting shoe. I loved the feel and the look. Unfortunately, the sole on the left shoe began peeling after one week of wear, so I had to send them back. Probably just a fluke, but worth noting.
B004GNQIOE great shoe last for a long time and feels good on the foot also wish it came in more colors though. overall good shoe
B004GNQIOE Good shoe...Too small I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased these shoes because they are almost a full size too small.  The shoe its self is very nice tho and the shipping was fast.  I ordered these and another pair of Puma and they were both too small.  I intended on using these pair as a daily walk around shoe and the others for running.  I cant run in a shoe that is too small so they had to go back but I decided that I would leave the laces loose on these pair and try them out.  Ive had them for about a year now and they have held up well.  They really are a good shoe if you order at least a half size larger than you normally wear.
B004GNQIOE Puma SE running shoe tend to be a bit tight, so size accordingly.  Great quality, Great performance, Good looks too.  I've had mine a month and would purchase again.
B004GNQIOE Great shoe Great shoe. It fits as expected and the sole in the shoe is comfortable and almost feels like a repurposing pad.
B004GNQIOE Good I really enjoy pumas. I hate shoe shopping so I just go with Puma cause they for good and make comfortable shoes and so far these are pretty good.
B004I6C730 Excellent shoe. Love the look, feel and fit of this shoe! Wore them yesterday for the first time and played 18 holes. No soreness, or blisters or any other after effects. Very comfortable and athletic feeling shoe. This is my third pair of Cell Fusion golf shoes in three years and the other two are still in great shape.This pair is now my favorite.
B004IETLOA good for the price/ size is off First of all everyone that wrote the review on this shoe is right sizing is off. I wear size 11. and i always buy puma shoes in 11.5i like to have that half size of room for my toes,(dont like too tight of the shoe)but listening to everyone here i bought size 12 and it fits,just, have not played in them yet, but i have a different shoe in same desing. they work ok, if you play competative they will last you at least a year, good shoe for the price , i would suggest new puma v5.11 much better shoe.if you looking to buy this shoe you can go 1 size up it worked for me.
B004IETLOA Not all is what it seems.... Shoes have a great look, but are one or two size's smaller than what is listed, also when they say sized D for wide, they mean regular to small.Save your money on this shoe and buy a different one instead, and if you are buying these shoe's for golf, search for just golf shoe's and 1000 will pop up, try the Callaway's, Adidas or nike's they are the best.
B004IEU08G Fantastic Shoe It fits a little snug at first, but as you walk and run in it, your foot starts to shift and slide ever so slightly and fits right inThe grip of the cleats is amazing...The laces on the side make shots a bit more reliably as you can feel where you are hitting the ball.I have never been a PUMA fan, and I usually go for brands like Nike and Addidas, but this puma shoe is a VERY good shoe.-- and it looks pretty good on tooGET IT!
B004J4X4TW Too short The shipping was really what i paid for and there was no problem in that matter, but shoe itself is too short and does not match any of my shoes of size 12. So all of you who are thinking of buying this shoe buy one number larger. Unless you wanna end up like me and have blisters all over your feet
B004J4X4TW Size is NOT true to fit The PUMA Men's Esito Finale IT Soccer Shoe is a nice stylish shoe but way way to small. The shoe fits as if its at least 1 and a half to 2 sizes smaller than the actual size of the shoe. I had read one persons review about the sizes of the shoe being too small but I thought I'd try them anyway. Well I've tried them and they are not just snug but way too small.
B004J4X5WS Comfort and Speed The Faas 250 was my first experience with "minimal" shoes. Although I was skeptical at first, after using the shoe, I have become a devoted fan of the series. The best aspects of this shoe are the lightness and the quick feeling. The shoe is remarkably light without sacrificing support. The majority of the shoe is breatheable mesh that keeps the foot from getting too hot and even reduces the potential for blisters. The sole is also made of light material and the tread is well shaped to give a satisfying feeling of a quickness.Despite my love for this shoe, it does have its drawbacks. However, these drawbacks do not merit a lower because they are characteristics that are not meant to be part of the design and are not marketed in such a way that a purchaser would expect them. This shoe is specifically designed to go forward. Lateral support is non-existent. However, I do not take away from my love for the shoe because it isn't marketed as a shoe for anyone seeking to move in various directions. In fact, it is marketed for sprinting and high speed jogging.My only other complaint is that the tread does not provide much traction. This is not much of a problem if you intend to use these shoes in an urban setting or on a track (which are the only settings I would recommend for this shoe). As a result of the lack of traction, do not expect to rely on these shoes for quick changes of direction. If you need a shoe for trail running or rugged terrain, this shoe may fall short of your expectations. However, Puma has a Faas model designed for trail that has many of the characteristics that make the series so special.Lastly, make sure you are aware of the level of support you need to run. Although I loved my experience with the 250s, I will have to upgrade to the 350 because they offer just a touch more support than the 250s and feature a little more lateral support. Ultimately, if the 250 is not the right shoe for you, check out the other models in the series. Puma has covered all the bases.
B004J4X5WS Faaaaas Pros:-fastest feeling shoe I've ever worn-very lightweight, no heel weight-more cushioned than expected, quite comfortable-good road surface feel-good minimal transition shoe for midfoot strikerCons:-somewhat small toebox causes some wear on the mesh-little lateral support with quick turnsThe shoe was definitely a surprise as its more cushioned than my NB's with less heel rise.Running feels effortless and fast with no turn over weight at the heel. The primary con is that I have worn a small hole at the small toe area faster than other shoes I've owned.
B004J4X5WS Great Shoe I am a fairly avid runner. I run about 60 miles a week on both trails and road. This shoe has been wonderful. I have had calf problems in the past and since starting running in this shoe I have not had a single problem with my calves. This includes at least one 14-18 mile run a week. This shoe is great for a avid runner or a casual runner. Will help you run in a more effective style and reduce injuries.
B004J4X5WS Lightweight but thin, so thin that.... SUPER lightweight shoe, like - really light. But after a couple of days, the front part broken - so my toe was out, yeah... its a very thin layer, like a small net - so its very delicate. I wont buy again this kind of shoe.
B004J4X5WS Puma Shoe By far, the best running shoe I have ever wore. I am a big guy, 5' 8"; 215 former powerlifter that switched to crossfit and every shoe I wore, my feet hurt like crazy the next day. Totally solved with this shoe!  I would recomend for someone looking for a light shoe that is comfortable!  i can't gaurantee it will last a long time, but for the price that isnt a big deal.
B004J4X5WS Great Exercise Shoe! These shoes are great for exercising.  I use them to Zumba.  They keep my feet nice and cool with the mesh sides, but still are cushioned. The color is really trendy right now, ex. the USA Olympic running team?? Great shoe, especially for the price.
B004J4X5WS Great Show- Review from Puma employee The Faas 250 is a great running shoe. Weighing in at approx. 7 ounces it is light weight, while still having a supportive sole. In the Faas line of running shoes, the 250 has the least amount of support on the sides. Rather the sides are made of a breatheable mesh that doesn't restrict the foot. This is not an appropriate running shoe for long distance runners, half-marathoners and marathoners. If you are a long distance runner, there are other options in the Faas running line including the 550 and the 800 (both of which provide excellent side support for longer distance runners). If you run 5K's, shorter distances or just do a loop around the block in the morning, this is the shoe for you! The newest Faas 250's contain a new Puma technology called BioRide. BioRide works with the natural progression of the heel to the toe allowing the runner/walker to exercise for a longer amount of time with less foot pain. Additionally, the sole of the shoe is made of memory foam, which will form to your foot as the shoe breaks in. Overall, a fantastic shoe!
B004J4X6LI No cushion I was really excited to get this shoe. Unfortunately, when it arrived I wasn't too pleased. It's a nice looking shoe, but not comfortable on my feet due to the lack of support in the cushion or lack thereof. I use it for walking rather than running which was my initial reason for the purchase. I'd say for the most part, the purchase of a insole may be required for those of you who want a cushioned shoe. Oh yeah, it's not ideal to wear these when it's raining, because your feet will get soaked due to the holes in the front of the shoe.
B004J4XI1G cute but.... I wanted to love this pair of shoes however after a couple of wears they looked really worn.  Not the greatest for exercise but cute as a casual gym shoe.  Sizing was pretty good - ran true to size
B004J4XJ9C Great Shoe... I have an extensive shoe collection (over 120 pairs) and I bought this shoe about 6 months ago and it's by far one of my favorite pairs. I'm looking to get it in different colors as well.  It is comfortable yet stylish and easy to clean.  I toss them in the washer with a load and they are just fine.
B004J4XJ9C A very cute and durable shoe The person who gave it one star is pretty accurate with good reason, it is very narrow and hard on the heal, although if you wear a lot of ballet flat style shoes like i do, then you'll have no problem adapting to this shoe. Plus the cute factor really plays a big part. But if you have a problem with the heal region then mole skin will easily do the trick.
B004J4XJ9C Okay In the past, I have always found Puma to run half size too small.  I typically order a 9, even though I am an 8.5.  I ordered the 8.5, because I didn't know what to expect with a ballet flat and didn't want them sloppy.  But, they were just snug enough to be uncomfortable.  I was hoping they would stretch a bit however the front part of the shoe is a plastic material that was unwilling to give at all.  I ended up taking out the insert of the inside of the shoe and now they fit great.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoe, terrible fit I wear a standard width size 9 shoe.  This shoe is really cute - very sporty and casual.  It fits great along the back and has good cushioning.  The problem is the way to toe box is made - it fits great everywhere except the part where it starts to curve down into the inside of your foot.  That part is cut too tight and digs into the foot - adjusting the little strap does nothing to change this part of the shoe.  The leather is very rigid so I don't think this is the kind of thing that would loosen with wear either. I returned them.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoe! I like the shoe. The shoe is cute and pretty comfortable. Puma did a good job making this flat :)
B004J4XKEG Great shoe and the best price I found My daughter had been looking at this shoe at a local store but they were so expensive it made it a burden to think about getting them. I looked online and quickly found them on here. Made our life a lot easier!
B004J4XMM6 Very fashionable, but stinky! When I first started wearing these shoes, they really rubbed into the back of my heel, but it took about 2 weeks or so to break them in. I have now had them for about 3 months and love them. However, I wear them without socks and I must say, they make my feet stink!!! I have never had stinky feet with any other shoe, but maybe its because I wear them without socks. I also have to say that the pink points on the bottom of the shoe wear off really quickly. I am semi-disappointed in this shoe because I love how it looks so much, but not how the shoes holds up.
B004J4XMM6 Perfec sneaker shoe Love these! comfy & sporty looking.. Wear it in summer all day long & like it..Recommend to all, really am enjoying it...
B004J4XMM6 Cute and comfortable Love this sporty yet girly shoe.  Got them in Barberry and they are a little brighter in person, mostly just in the sun.  True to size.  Also, I've been told twice that it looks like a water shoe because of the fabric on the light red part.  That was the only downside.
B004J4XNCU yellow Puma's PUMA Women's Corsica SneakerI had to send them back cause the shoe fit just alittle big. I really liked the color, it's hard to find just a plain yellow tennis shoe. But I do love Puma shoes though.
B004J4XNNO Shoe too small Liked the style of the shoe, but did it did not fit correctly.  Also, did not care for the patent leather.
B004J4XNNO Great Great shoe! I ordered it big because reviews said it was small, so naturally it is a little big. Great shoe, though. Very comfy =)
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable and stylish shoe Love this shoe.  It is my favorite flat shoe and always look foward to new colors.  It runs on the small side.
B004J4XNNO This Shoe is a Keeper This shoe is very comfortable, fits well (I wear a 7M), and does not look sloppy -- retains its shape.  It also does not look nerdy -- it is a sneaker without being clumsy.  The grey goes well with jeans.  I feel that it would look good on young to old.  I recently went to an open air flea market, and it was a hot day.  My feet loved the cushioned soles, and the mesh (which is not of poor quality) kept the shoe cool.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to my friends.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable, and dainty looking. I love this shoe, it is both as comfortable as any running shoe, but isn't quite so casual, so I can use it all day, and still be  dressed appropriate to about any situation. Cute as a button.
B004J4XNNO GREAT SHOE This is the most comfortable flat I have ever worn.  It is great looking.  I get lots of compliments.  You will want another pair.
B004J4XNNO great shoe not much support but great fit and stylish - i probably need a more athletic type shoe for long periods of walking
B004J4XNNO Fit as expected and very comfortable casual shoe I have now purchased 3 pairs of this shoe in different colors and wish Puma would bring this style back
B004J4XNNO Great Comfy Versatile Shoe Great comfortable shoe. Great for going to work, a short walk or just use in the house. I order 6 my usual size and 6.5 and stayed with the 6. It was a tad to snug but after one week its great. Will be back for more once this gets worn. Great Buy!
B004J4XNNO A very comfortable flat This is an amazing shoe that is as comfortable as a tennis shoe..... Lots of softness in the sole ..... But is as attractive as a flat.
B004J4XNNO Very, very comfortable. Good looking. I bought 3 pairs. If you are looking for a comfortable shoe, this is it. It's construction makes it a lot more flexible than most shoes. True to size.
B004J4XNNO Not cute Not the pair that I really wanted ,but it didn't have my size.  This shoe was plastic and not something to buy online...
B004J4XNNO Cute and comfy shoe - I like it! cute shoe, fits true to size and super comfy.  they will make your feet a little stinky, but its worth it.
B004J4XNNO Perfect errand shoe I do experience a little slippage in the shoe. I purchased a size 6 and if they had a 5.75 (I wish) I think it would be perfect. Overall I think the shoe works great for what it is and the toe area is roomy and doesn't bother my little bunion at all.
B004J4XNNO Great shoe.. Great shoe that can transition from day into night and from season to season.  It can go with shorts or skirts.  True to size and very comfy.
B004J4XNNO Dressy tennis shoes I like these so much I have a pink pair and these.  Great for travel, looks like a dress shoe, but is a great walking shoe.
B004J4XNNO a nice walking shoe with a bit of style i realized i had no walking shoes, and fondly recalled a pair of split sole pumas that i purchased back in 2005. i am glad i went back to the puma brand, as these shoes were a great find.straight out of the box they were comfy. the foot bed has a bit of a cushion (or at least more than any other flats i've owned), and the toe box is just the right squishiness. my only beef was that even after only walking for a few minutes, the heel area of the right shoe started to rub the back of my foot raw. i put a band-aid on my foot which alleviated the issue, but i am hoping after a few days of wear that these are properly broken in and no band-aids will be required for comfort.i also found these to be true to size, and not too terribly narrow.other than the heel issue, i wore these walking around (and standing around) for several hours the first time, and i was really pleased. i may even purchase them in an alternate color, i like them that much.*** *** ***07.29.11 updateas much as i intitially liked these shoes (and as much as i still want to), i can not recommend them as i previously did.the shoes never really got "broken in" even though i wore them quite often for several weeks. i still end up with blisters, which honestly, should not happen for a casual walking shoe. i took a couple mile walk today, and ended up with blisters on both my heels, as well as the side of my right foot. these also tend to pull at the heel in an odd way that causes a general discomfort.i will continue to look for a good (and consistently comfortable) walking shoe, as this one is not it.
B004J4XNNO Monika Great product both in size and fit. Very comfortable and nice looking shoe. Looks great when dressed informal. Will buy in another color
B004J4XNNO The shoe for all occasions This shoe is comfy and looks great! Liked it so much I bought a second pair. Perfect for travel as they look good with skirts and pants, can be worn all day with socks or without, and are lightweight but cushiony - love, love.
B004J4XNNO Most comfortable shoe ever !!! I wish I could have another pair of these shoes but I can't find size 10 black patent leather - most comfortable work, play, anything shoe I've ever owned !!  Please make more for next season...
B004J4XNNO VERY CUTE!!! I am always searching for a comfortable shoe with some style.  This shoe fits the requirements. I never wear white shoes, but this light gray is perfect for spring and summer. brightens up an all-black outfit, and is neutral enough to combine with other colors. The shoe is light-weight yet has cushioning inside and a great tread bottom.  Not a suppportive shoe, but great for walking in the city. I add a splash of the schoolbus yellow with accessories and feel pulled together for my day. Am considering another pair in a different color.
B004J4XPIM Fashion Sneaker This shoe is sweet if you are going for looks, and something a little out of the ordinary.  The inside of the shoe is not slick: if I try to slip the shoe on, my sock wants to adhere to the shoe instead of moving with my foot.  I am left with my sock being pulled too tightly over my foot.  Feels weird.  The color scuffs easily, and a scuffed maroon shoe looks like a pink shoe.  No one has told eme they look pink, I just think they look pinker than they were when new.  Good shoe.
B004J4XSKM Comfy and Durable Good look.!! Nice running or working shoe always moving around a sale floor or long distance walking.Also a nice shoe for working out!
B004J4XTC4 GREAT SHOES I have about 3 or 4 pairs of this type of shoe b/c its the only shoe that i can find that helps support my ankles.  GREAT PRODUCT.....hope i can find more of them lol
B004JF5R1Y A little too small Very cute shoe, it's a slipper shoe (no support).  I needed a half size larger without socks and a whole size larger with socks.
B004JF5URK Cute Purchased this shoe for my daughter saw this exact shoe on Nordstrom for triple the price i seen on Amazon which encouraged me to  purcahse them even more from here. Looking forward to putting them on my baby. She has a strange shoes fittign foot some shoes i consider a size 6 but she is  a 5.5 I had to order this in a 6 and they fit she is not able to do a 5.5 in Puma the pink suede is lovely!
B004K00GLE the name should be puma feather really really nice quality design and they are so light when you use them feel likes nothing great shoe and also very nice price free shipping it came on the original puma shoe box
B004K00GLE Perfect shoe I bought these for my husbands adult soccer league..He was so thankful to me about getting the perfect shoe.He informed me that they feel light on his feet..
B004K00GLE Adequate A little skimpy on the tongue of the shoe and short shoe lacesFits well though
B004K00GLE Thumbs up I recommend you guys go to the store and check this shoe out and see what size will fit you befor you buy it. It helped me out a lot . I thought I was one size and when I tried it out I was another size so when my shoe came it fit perfectly. Love the shoe!
B004K00GLE New puma shoes This new shoe really suprised me.I bought these shoes for my son, he is playing goaly for his high school soccer team and so far they have worked great on every type of field he has played on from grass to astro truff. When i was shopping for shoes I had to find a shoe that went to a size 16 or 17 witch are few and far between. For the price this shoe is very durable, I would not hesitate to buy this shoe again, highly recommend them.
B004K02OC8 Great I bought this shoe for my friend since she plays lacrosse. She loves it and wears it every time she has camp.
B004KP726G great shoe this is an amazing running shoe...perfect sizing and great for a person with alil wider foot...not skinny like others.  very lite, true to size...i just bought 2 pairs of saucony and i almost hulk split them in half...def sending those back but these feel ten times better....i know what im buying from now on....puma 500's
B004KP726G Good Sneakers Very nice shoe for the price (~$40).They don't offer enough support for me to use them for serious running (I use motion control shoes), but they would be adequate in a pinch for lighter exercise. Moderate cushioning but not much stability.The shoe runs a bit narrow as Pumas usually do, I ordered one size up.
B004KP73OC Another happy customer I read the reviews prior to purchasing the PUMA Faas 500 shoe.  I wear a 5 1/2 shoe and I purchased that.  It fits perfect.  The shoe has good support and my feet aren't hurting and tired as they felt in other shoes.  Made standing all day easy.
B004KP73OC Great Running Shoe I originally chose this shoe because a running shoe specialty store diagnosed it as the correct shoe for my foot.  When I started wearing them, it was like the difference between night and day in my running comfort.  I can't even wear my old tennis shoes now that I have been spoiled with these.  The colors are vibrant and attractive--a bonus.
B004KP73OC Running Shoe Not so great for running.  Not enough support and my toes were burning by the end of a six mile run.  Cute and fine for a casual days but not worth the money if you want a running shoe.
B004L27JCK love the look, hate the durability This is a great looking shoe and it is very comfortable. This shoe however wore out fast. The suede fuzzed up only after a few wears and they began to develop holes  on the outsides of where my pinky toes are within a few months.
B004LC3UIW Awesome shoe! I have worn these shoes for three rounds now and have not had any blisters or even close to a blister.  Shoe is comfortable, many compliments, but I ride and don't walk.  So maybe blisters are forming from more movement.  My foot also fits perfect in them so maybe there is no extra room for shoe to slide, been extremely satisfied with them so far.
B004LC3UIW Great shoe A great shoe, very comfortable and able to walk rounds without any pain. A little heavier than expected but such a good fit that you don't feel it.
B004NTQ52G Beautiful Beautiful shoe, low profile but still cushiony. Have had them for about 5 months now and haven't had any problems. Only complaint is the tongue likes to slide to the side. Looks very professional, have gotten multiple comments on them, not a shoe like Nike's that everybody and their mom has, very unique. Material-wise not completely worth $100, but for the looks and "uniqueness" it is to me.
B004RLOXA6 Good product Pumas always run a bit small. These are a great looking shoe and very comfortable. These are my current favorite shoes. I have ordered about a dozen new shoes thru amazon and I like these the best. I have since ordered then in other colors.
B004S6WDDO perfect a great shoe for almost all in door sports.  i used this shoe for running and also for cyclling.  i't well made.
B004SGXUQS not the same shoe I ordered the shoe in the picture shown, not the same shoe when received. its still a white and pink puma, but looks nothing like the shoe in the picture. NOT HAPPY
B004SUANZU great shoe fits so well and is so comfortable and hip. as a start up lawyer, these make me look hip to my clients who are all half my age :)Great shoe!
B004SUANZU Pretty bad These shoes had a new shoe stink that I thought would go away. It didn't. It's only gotten worse with each time I've worn them. Not only that, but the shoe laces NEVER stay tied. Don't buy these shoes.
B004SUANZU Nice shoe, a bit tight though. I really like the look of these shoes.  I love the material and the colors.  Only problem is they are a wee bit tight - so make sure you get at least a half to a full size larger.Still happy with my purchase!
B004SUANZU meh Not sure what went wrong but the left side of the right shoe hangs over the soul  gonna have to return it . The left shoe ispretty good tho lol
B004SUANZU great shoe These were a gift for my son.  He loves these shoes, couldn't be happier. They arrived just as they appeared.  no surprises.
B004SUANZU nice looking shoe Nice tennis shoes ,like the color of them the size is a little bit smaller than all of other shoes I get in 9.5
B004SUANZU Overall nice Great shoe. Nice feeling. Didn't realize the sizes were smaller than normal so a little tight but overall, great shoe!
B004SUANZU I just love it!!! The color is very nice, and the shoe is very comfortable. On the other hand this shoe is not built for hikes outside of the city and on stone paved roads (europe style).But still - love it.
B004SUANZU My feet are apparently really strange. Tried my &#34;real size&#34;, too small by a lot.  Then I tried 1 size up, still no good.  Debating whether to try again or just go to the blasted shoe store.  :P
B004SUANZU Very comfortable Great shoe. Get a lot of compliments on the looks of the product. Have been trying to find a comparable shoe in this color for a long time and a friend suggested Amazon.
B004SUANZU Shoes are OK The shoe itself looks somewhat different than it does in the picture. However, for the price I paid, I can't complain too much.
B004SUANZU great everyday shoe This is one of the only shoe styles my teenager will wear. It's his third pair in several years; he loves them.
B004SUANZU FANTASTIC SHOE I will be ordering another pair of these shoes. They are better than Sketchers that &#34;used&#34; to be my preferred shoe.They are extremely comfortable and fit correctly according to the size chart. If you haven't yet tried these and are looking for new shoes...I highly recommend these. I'm now so sold on these shoes I am going to get my hubby a pair.An added bonus: You get a shoe box size litter bag that can be used for just about anything.
B004SUANZU Nice Casual Shoe Nice looking casual shoe that can be worn with jeans or shorts. I normally wear size 12 but went with a 13 based on other reviews. I kept them but they seem a little tight, think they should break in just fine. Can't help but think going up another half size would make a better fit.
B004T3M57K Casual Shoe Looks great with khaki's as a formal shoe but still comfortable enough to be used with other clothing items for a casual shoe. Loose but light fit.
B004T9HRAY New suede shoes The shoe is very comfortable and fits well. Great styling, in my personal opinion. Obviously there is the problem with them being suede. They shouldn't go outside into the wild or you will mess up the colors. Mostly a casual, indoor activity shoe.
B004TAAUY8 Very comfortable and cool shoe I love these shoes. They look great and are incredibly comfortable. They are a good everyday shoe and are comfortable even if you spend all day on your feet. Even after a year of everyday use they are still in good shape and look fine. The classic puma look impressed many people and go well with most clothing. I would definitely buy these shoes again they have served me very well.
B004TFYBB6 love the toning feeling The shoe looks great in person.  I love the toning action the shoe implementations I can feel it working on my calves.  I wear a 7 wide, so I ordered an 8M and it's still a little tight.  Also the height of the shoe once your foot is in it is a little short...the tongue gaps a bit between the lace sides at the top.
B004TP4OCM Great wearing sneaker This is a really cute sneaker.  It fits true to size and is very comfortable.  I know I will enjoy wearing them everywhere.  I would recommend them highly to anyone interested in purchasing this shoe.
B004VQYK4G great shoe I got sereval pair of these and I wear them for every thing if they had more colors i would get dome more
B004VQZ3N8 Not very comfortable I liked the look of the shoe on the Amazon web site.  When I received the shoes it was a bit greyer than the white look of the picture.  This was not a deal breaker, however the instep side of the shoe had an extremely high arch piece.  This made the shoe quite uncomfortable.  I also wss suprised that the yellow strap was not adjustable.  I thought that there was velcro uner it and you would be able to adjust it.  This was a mistake on my part.  I was not misled by the ad.  All said because of the fit I sent them back.
B004VR2ZWY Cell Puma Arrai Best buy.PUMA once again surprised with your products! hundred percent recommended, a very comfortable shoe, quality and extent.Congratulations PUMA
B004VRIA5A My Pumas I love the feel and look of the Puma shoe. I think once you try them on, you'll love them too.
B004VRIA5A The best shoe to walk on concrete and earth. It is my favorite shoe, it knows when to purr.. and roar!  Its the third pair in my collection and counting.
B004VRIA5A Love Pumas Comfortable, durable. Love the red on black look. All around good shoe. a a a a a a a a
B004WLEF6S An acceptable shoe First, I sprayed the shoe with a silicone spray in order to make it more water/dirt resistant.The right one makes this horrible and annoying squeaking sound from the from third of the bottom which I have not figured out. First shoe ever to have this problem. But, I bought them on sale as dog-park shoes. I think I simply received an unfortunately flawed one. I like the overall design of the retro Puma here. Material is a nice, warm brown, and that worked well for me.
B004WLEF6S What I know about "Clydes":  NICE SHOE Soooo comfortable and good looking.  I just bought them because of the color and they are attractive to me.  Men always comment on how good looking they are and ask me what do I know about &#34;Clydes&#34;?  I'm a Knicks fan and especially of Walt &#34;Clyde&#34; Frasier.  Fan or not they are a good looking shoe.  I'm thinking about getting another pair.
B004WLEF6S Good Very nice shoe looks very good on the feet,  the only thing i found odd is that the picture has the puma shoelaces in white... but when i received them they where black.. But it's still a awesome shoe!
B004WLEF6S Good, but wears easy in some spots. The shoe was true to its size, at least it was for me. I ordered it in red, and it was really nice. It's comfortable inside, although I'd just recommend wearing socks, but that's a given. However, I noticed that some of the outer material started to wear away, showing the white underneath after only about a month. Weird, considering I only use the shoe for school, and I have an extra pair for gym, so the shoe isn't used all that vigorously, yet it's still wearing. Overall, I'd just say order this if you're only using this for walking/light use...
B004WLEF6S Incredibly comfortable; looks great; terrible soles. I deducted two entire stars from this shoe review for one simple reason: durability of the soles. I'm not sure why they decided to skimp on this aspect, but it makes a solid and affordable product a total wallet drain since you have to buy a new pair very often. Some of you might be wondering: "this guy probably drags his feet all the time". Not true; I have never had this issue with other shows.PROS:+ Incredibly comfortable...nothing else comes close.+ In the right colors, very attractive and clean looking.+ Suede is decent for a cheap sneaker (not sure if it's real or faux) as long as you take care of it (water proof it, and brush it when it's dirty).+ Solid upper shoe construction and (as mentioned) decent materials used.CONS:- Claims to be genuine leather, but this is questionable, especially the non-suede colors/editions of this shoe (I own both types).- Soles are AWFUL. Visible wearing of the soles after only 5 wears. After 2 months of moderate use (~3 times a week), soles are completely worn through on the ball area of the foot and any wet surface will be felt (moisture intrudes  into the shoe once the sole is worn through).In Summary, I would easily pay double what this shoe costs if it means a durable sole. Dropping 50 bucks every 2 months is not what I plan to do with my money.
B004Z0G6QS Great shoe This shoe is extremely comfortable and stylish! I choose this shoe based on the brand, style and reviews and price.
B004Z0G6QS Great sneakers I am a fan of Puma....have about 7 pairs. They are true to size and very very comfortable. Highly recommend this shoe and Pumas in general.
B004ZGD840 Imani Fade Sneakers  have narrow, low toebox I purchased this shoe because of positive reviews.  My foot has a low instep, but is pretty wide across the ball .  They hug the foot completely and felt pretty good, and for a half-mile slow walk were comfortable.  However, on my usual 5 mile walk, problems developed.  The sole is not large enough for the shoe, so that the sides of the shoe overlap so much on a gravel road to become scuffed because of the soft structure.  Then I began to feel the heel slip up & down with each step, starting blisters, and the toebox was rubbing on the tops of all toes, making them sore.  I could only go 4 miles before I had to take them off and walk home barefoot with sore feet.If your foot is 3 3/4" at the front, this shoe may not work for you.
B004ZIP4U4 Love this shoe This is my first puma.... very comfortable. I would recommend it to a friend.Looks exactly like the picture and the fit is perfect. I just hope that this shoe will last more then two months.
B004ZIP4U4 Not as good as it looks This shoe is very good in appearance. Sadly, its cushioning is not great. I get heal pains by just standing in these shoes and running in them isn't great either. It's a good thing i'm not much of a runner...
B004ZIP4U4 Love this Shoe Extreamly comferable shoe, and very stylish too.  There is no toungue on the shoe so it is more of a slip on.  Love how they look and feel.
B004ZIP4U4 Outstanding! I love this shoe!  I have 5 pair of it's predecessor and was skeptical that the new version would be as comfortable...  I am delighted with the new and improved Voltaic 3!  Super comfortable and easy on and off are things that I look for in a shoe these days and this one can't be beat!
B004ZIP4U4 Sexy I havent even thought about Puma since the 80's/90's but these are hot! This picture does the shoe & its color no justice whatsoever. They area semi slip on, the tongue is a uniform part of the overall shoes, fits snug, solid arch, cushion and support and did I mention they are hot! Lol great for sport or just fashion on blue jean days I really love them ..I will be testing some scotch guard on them because the white/blue contrast is too sexy to mess up. If you're a blue fan & want a shoe that feels as good as it looks this is it!
B004ZIP4U4 Awesome shoe This shoe has superior comfort and sleek looks. I run a lot using nike and adidas, but this is a winner. It just makes you run faSter. This is the first shoe I got from Puma and is my best.
B004ZIP5GW very big but comfortable I wouldnt qualify this shoe as a running shoe.  It is a very heavy shoe, based solely on how large it is.  I wear a size 12 and looks enormous on my foot.  Show is very wide near the toe especially.However, it is a very comfortable shoe, and has a mesh lining that is soft enough to wear sock-less.  If you are a serious runner and looking for a lightweight shoe, than this is not the shoe for you.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Shoe, but mesh front developed a hole after 7 months of intermittent wear These shoes were very nice for the first 6 months.  They were stylish, and the attached tongue was very convenient. However, by the 7-8th month, a hole wore through on the mesh, front portion of the right shoe.  It is located right over the big toe.  The mesh is extremely thin: I don't know whether this was a manufacturing defect or just a poorly made shoe--no hole has appeared in the left shoe.  I expect that a shoe of this price and quality would last longer than 7 months--especially given that I only wore them intermittently.
B004ZIP5GW These run way too tight! Size 9 felt like 8 or even 7.5.  Beware also that the tongue you see in the picture is not separate from the rest of the shoe, so you can't expand the opening to insert your foot: the opening has fixed size.Besides the size problem and the lack of expandability of the opening, the shoe felt bulky and lacking agility.  It compares poorly with other running shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Nice shoe Bought this shoe for my teenage son who runs indoor track.  He loves this shoe.  Size was perfect!  It is a comfortable shoe for him.  He completes wearing this pair.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe If a 14.5 was available it would be 5 stars worn out my last pair very comfortable shoe one of my favorites.
B004ZIP5GW Running shoe No a standard Tongue laceup. The top of the shoe is built in. It has a different feeling to wear and takes some getting used too.
B004ZIP5GW puma men's voltaic these shoes came exactly as pictured and are an exact fit to my shoe size.  would deffinatly get another pair in the future.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable My last pair of pumas my toes were squeezed in but this pair has a wide top to let your toes move. The tongue is attached to the shoe, it takes some getting used to but overall a comfortable shoe
B004ZIP5GW PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe What a lovely shoe, beautiful colours and great fit; I have never seen a shoe with this 'no tongue' stype and have to say it is pretty good!
B004ZIP5GW Good shoe at a good price Nice stylish shoe to go with a lot of the black shirts I have. I have actually gotten several compliments on these shoes. They are comfortable although a little stiff. My favorite feature is the attached tongue of the shoes so that it doesn't slip over to the side and look bad. It also makes them easier to slip on.
B004ZIP5GW Pretty good The size was a good match. The sides are higher than other shoes and they can rub against your ankle when doing various twisting, jumping exercises. But your foot remains firmly fixed inside the shoe. I have not actually used it for running yet. I like that the tongue is part of the shoe and fixed.
B004ZIP5GW PUMA FREAK!!!!! I love Puma shoes.  These shoes are very comfortable.  What I really liked about them is that the tongue is attached to the rest of the shoe, which is what really made me buy the shoe, because I didn't have to contend with the tongue of the shoe.  I would buy these again and will.
B004ZIP5GW Took a chance... and am very pleased.  This is a very comfortable shoe.  A little flashy for an old guy, but who doesn't love a bit of color.  Nice shoe, well made.
B004ZIP5GW Size was narrower then expected. I wear a medium width shoe, but could not fit these on due to their narrow contour.  I was looking for an everyday walking shoe.  If you are seeking a true running shoe and desire a snug fit, this may be perfect for you.  The shoe color is very bright and  Fluorescent.is a good description...
B004ZIP5GW Est Pumas ever owned These are high quality, light shoe that looks great, with the classic Puma style that I really dig.The "sock" fit hold your feet snugly but not constricting. Bigger than you might think but definitely a solid shoe that gives you support and stability.Highly recommended for casual or fitness - especially running and outdoor activities.
B004ZIP5GW I need a tongue I've been using Nike running shoes for about 2 years. I didn't think they were perfect, so I wanted to try other brands and see if I could get a better fit. My feet tend to be on the wide size, but I can wear the &#34;normal&#34; Nike shoes and Nike tends to be a narrow shoe. Based on the reviews, this shoe sounded like a great choice. I bought it on the deal of the day to give it a chance. I ordered the exact same size that I wear in the Nike Vomero line.The first problem I had with this shoe is that it doesn't have a traditional tongue. They give you laces, but the laces are pointless because the shoe itself acts like a slipper. You can't open the opening much at all, so I almost needed to get my shoe horn to get my foot inside these things. And I wear paper thin running socks when I exercise. Anyway, for the first time I realized just how important that tongue is. Without the ability to open the shoe to insert your foot, it is a chore getting these things on.After I finally got it on, the size was about right. It felt about the same as the Nike, and I became optimistic. But, after running about half a mile my right toes started to hurt. I couldn't quite locate the source of the trouble, but these shoes just weren't comfortable.I removed the shoes, and put a pair of Nike back on. Wow. I didn't appreciate the NIke running shoes at all until I had something to compare them to. The rest of my run was comfortable in the Nikes.Anyway, I've only been running for two years and I hoped I could do better than the Nike brand that I happened to start with. But, after trying these, I have a new appreciation for two things: Nike, and TONGUES in shoes. They really do serve a purpose.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Price Good Shoe for the price when they went half off...if they were the same price as New Balance would still but New Balance. The shoe itself is comfortable but narrow at the heal. The liner is very cushioned and comfortable. Good Shoe.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoe My husband and I own four pairs of Voltaic by Puma and I think I will by another pair soon. Great colors, nice fit featuring no tongue. The shoe laces hold up pretty well (I am a nurse and on my feet in some compromising floors). Very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Vibrant gym shoe This shoe is FANtastic!!  Works very well for a gym shoe, but not enough support for me as a running shoe.  It seems to be well constructed and is very comfortable.  Great shoe!
B004ZIP5GW GREAT SHOE Comfortable and nice looking. Puma has a quality design. Fit's to size. Ran in them twice already for alittle over 5 miles with no problems.
B004ZIP5GW great. Great running shoe, but I don't like the close tougue which is a small dislike.  I would order it again.
B004ZIP5GW Good value My initial thought was they looked wide as I looked down at my feet, but this is has nothing to do with fit.  What I like is tongue is connected on both sides to the shoes, which makes the mid foot part of the shoe more like a sock than a traditional shoe.  This is a bonus as it keeps the tongue in place.  Still, my intention is to wear these as a casual shoe.  I do run a fair amount, and while I did run in these once, they just don't fit my foot in the way I'd like for a running shoe.  Doesn't mean they wouldn't work for you.  I'm happy with them otherwise, and will likely buy another pair.  For the price a good value.
B004ZIP5GW Like walking on air I got this shoe's a bit late after what appeared to be a amazon shipping mistake but i got in touch with them and they immediately sent a new pair. The shoe it self is great! It feels very comfortable and sturdy at the same time. Will definitely buy Puma again
B004ZIP5GW Puma Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe Sooooo comfortable. I'm not a runner, but even walking in these makes me feel like I'm on air. Great shoe!
B004ZIP5GW Great, All-Around Shoe This shoe is great in size, comfort and looks!  They seem to be holding up great to my 13 year old's VERY active lifestyle!  Definitely would buy this shoe again!
B004ZIP5GW Alright I think they look cool, but a little wide. I also have something digging into my for from the top of the shoe..
B004ZIP5GW Large shoe, but stylist I've always read that Puma's run small so I ordered a size only 0.5 sizes bigger than what I normally wear and it seemed a whole size too big. It's a very heavy shoe and they look enormous on my feet. It is very comfortable and vibrant, though. If you're looking to get some heads to turn, this is the shoe for you. I prefer to run with lighter shoes so these were a little heavy for me.
B004ZIP5GW I like the shoe alot I love the fit and feel. The color wasn't exactly what I thought it was going to be.  still a great shoe
B004ZIP5GW Best Workout Shoes I've Ever Owned I was more than a little apprehensive about buying shoes online, but when I saw the lightning deal I jumped on it. Thank goodness I did! These shoes are great for general gym use, and when out for a jog/run you can't believe you aren't running on clouds they feel fantastic. The sizing is perfect, the shoe doesn't hang a tongue as it is built into the shoe, but it's so comfy. The color combos are awesome and the red really pops. I will buy these shoes for the rest of my life.
B004ZIP5GW Super comfy The shoe fits very well and I think it is sized just right (US) but the built in tongue takes some getting used too and it seems a littler narrow. but great for walking and overall I am very happy with the shoe.
B004ZIP5GW Brilliant Good shoe with great fit. Comfortable and worth the money. Will buy more if price is right. Recommended for purchase
B004ZIP5GW OK for walking around - NOT a running shoe These shoes look great but there's no way I would use these for any sort of running/training program.  I walk a lot for work and need something comfortable.  I don't know if it's the manufacturing of my right shoe but I have a bump on the inside where my right little toe rubs.  Hoping it will wear down (not my toe) but not the greatest shoe I've ever bought.  I still wear them every day and hope the &#34;break in&#34; right.
B004ZIP5GW Light weight shoe, snug fit, comfortable for walking. Ok so I am not a runner.  I walk a lot but running has never been my thing.  I purchased these shoes the other day on a Lighting deal for $42.00.  I was hoping for a light weight shoe and snug fit.... got them both.I went for a walk this afternoon with my new shoes.  Short walk.... around two miles.  The shoes felt great.  More important though I felt great.  My feet thanked me for my frugal purchase.This shoe has a nice feature that I have never seen in a tennis shoe.  The tongue of the shoe is attached to the shoe with a stretchable sleeve???This keeps the shoe firmly in place.This is my first pair of Puma shoes.  I usually go on longer walks with my merrill light weight walking shoes.  I intend on using these for casual wear....and not for running....  I highly recommend them to you.  Even if you are not a runner.
B004ZIP5GW Excellent shoe I was a little tight, but it needed to be &#34;worn out&#34; a bit to stretch the leather. This is an excellent shoe from a great brand.
B004ZIP5GW Got me out of Nikes! This is my first pair of Pumas and I must say I really enjoy them. I bought them on a recommendation from my girlfriend, who bought her first pair because they were stylish, comfy, and lightweight. I have the exact same thoughts about this shoe. I love the tongueless design and the fact that it's so wide. I wear a 14 and this shoe tapers just enough from the heel to the front of the foot to be wide. It's the perfect mix of being wide but snug on a broad foot. I bought this shoe for crossfit, but I find myself using it more for running because it fits so snug and the padding in the heel feels like an insert. I have only run a few miles in it but I love it so far.
B004ZIP5GW ... it's the only place I can get them I love this shoe fits like a sock is light comfortable ... I have about five or six reviews already I keep buying them off Amazon because it's the only place I can get them I love this shoe fits like a sock is light comfortable and I think one of the best pairs of tennis shoes I've ever bought
B004ZIP5GW Excellent Shoe Great color and great comfort!!!!  I would recomment this shoe to others.  My first time with the Puma brand and will buy more.  Thanks!
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable This is a very good pair of shoe, though be aware that if you have a large foot it might be tight on the top. Other than that it is very comfortable for walking.
B004ZIP5GW A Good Shoe I am just getting the voltaic running shoe broke in to my foot. Initially the shoe appeared to be a bit snug even tho I purchased a half size up. The design engineers for all athletic shoe MFG'S have a serious problem in making shoes that are wide enough. I don't understand why this is, unless it is a marketing scheme that is being used on consumers. However this puma after serveral days of wear is fitting very nicely for a running shoe. I normally don't purchase running shoes I usually go for cross trainig high tops but I will be doing some jogging when spring comes and I wanted a light weight shoe. I think I have found the right Brand in Puma. I will probably look at the Puma Tazon 5 next. Puma does make some very attractive shoes, I am very pleased with my purchase I hope it is a shoe that will with stand the test of time.
B004ZIP5GW Clod-Hopper. Bulky looking yet very nice. got these and returned them straightaway. If you're 6'0 and 240 you could totally get away with wearing these. But not my 5'10 and 135. These shoes almost require a tree-trunk type leg to be coming out of them because they're cut so wide. Very padded. Very comfortable. Excellent shoe! Just the wrong shoe for my size foot.
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoes, my son loves them! I bought these shoes for my son, they were a great buy for a good shoe. He has wide feet and has trouble finding a good shoe, Puma is his favorite brand of shoe. He said that they are comfortable and they are very durable, as they last a long time. His new Pumas arrived today, he said he loves the style and the comfort. They are running shoes and the tongue is part of the shoe to add to the comfort.
B004ZIP5GW Incorrect size The shoe was nice and would loved to have kept it.  However, I did not know that this is a man's shoe and therefore the size was huge.  Made the error twice, as I sent it back and reordered in a smaller size and still huge.  I would have loved to purchased this shoe.
B004ZIPPEO coming apart after a month... An extra star for making a good looking shoe with no leather. I like the look of these Puma casuals.  However, the rubber around the edge of the sole is peeling off after only a month...seems like some of this shoe was stuck together with Elmers. Unfortunately, after even a week, you can tell that the stitching, glue, or both were not made with durability in mind. I like the look, but due to durability, I wouldn't recommend this shoe.
B004ZIPPEO Awesome Shoe This is a great shoe, overall it has a rugged/modern look, and the ridges along the front-bottom of the shoe look nice, although watch your step they can rub off easy.The Good: There comfortable and look nice. Slide the shoe laces on the inside to keep  that modern, stylish look.The Bad: The material used on the "Military" fashion attracts dust and small debris easy, so keep it cleaned. Front ridges can rub off easy when you bump something.The Ugly: Near the beginning of my use of these shoes, small deformities showed along the front-upper tip of the shoe, this was caused by the small space between my toes and the shoe, they've pretty much smoothed out. (To avoid this buy .5 within your size.)
B004ZIPPEO Helps me walk more fluidly. It's a cool shoe to start off with, but the main reason why I love this is because I have more stability when walking with them on. There is no extra padding or raised heel, but the whole foot is flat to the ground making my balance sharper. It's still a comfortable shoe, light weight and durable (3 years and counting).
B004ZIT63U This shoe fits perfectly Loved the shoe.  The yellow was more a neon color than an actual yellow.  My daughter loved these shoes,  loved them so much that after two days she got them so dirty.  She is really rough on shoes.  I will get darker colors next time.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe! Great show, received it quickly. The shoe fit as it should and my son loves the shoe. He was a very happy little boy to get his first pair of Puma's. I remember these tennis shoes from back in the day, he has no clue how popular they were.
B004ZIT63U Rigid sole and tight Nothing to do with the shoe itself, Amazon sent me a 1.5 instead of a 2.5 shoe - I was purchasing it for use in the future, so I wanted a larger size. Had to send it back, which Amazon kindly obliged.Regarding the shoe...glad it they sent the wrong size so we could return the shoe without issue. My son did not like this shoe. The sole was quite rigid. The shoe across the ball of the foot was tight fitting even though the length of the shoe was appropriate for his foot. I could see that this shoe was not going to give him the comfort he needs in his active day.Can't recommend this shoe....
B004ZIT63U running shoe I didn't care for how small the shoe size ran but they are nice not sure if I would order that shoe style again
B004ZIT63U Runs small Nice looking shoe. My son was thrilled when it arrived. Unfortunately, he could barely get his foot in and it was a whole size larger than the last shoe we bought him, 2 months ago. Puma sizes are much smaller than the other brands he usually wears.
B004ZIT63U Nice colors and quality shoe Great looking shoe with good quality.  Shoe was slightly small than size but width is as expected.  Love the color.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe, short laces Great shoe. Super cute, my daughter loves them. However giving them 4 stars cause the laces are just a little short for my young daughter to tie by herself.
B004ZIT63U Order 1/2 bigger but great shoe! Good quality shoe.  We ordered 1/2 bigger then his regular size after we read the reviews & they are perfect!
B004ZIT63U Great Shoe Great looking shoe. They are bluer than shown in picture however. My little boy loved them and says they are comfortable,
B004ZIT63U Cute little shoes I needed new shoes for my 4 year old daughter since her feet are the only things that grow on her! I bought two pairs of Puma shoes, this one in a size 11, and the Puma Tolero size 10.(I will go into why the difference is important).The colors in the shoe are more vibrant than you would expect, they really are gorgeous! The pink ones we got will go great with all her other pink clothes. Be waiting for a little bit of a surprise when you get the package and it is not the normal shoe box you might be used it, I actually loved Puma's attention to this and I think I might be buying more shoes from them. There is a tag that comes with the Puma shoes that is really awesome. The shoe insert that comes with the shoe tells you where the child's foot should be(just right, too big, too small).Although these shoes were just slightly okay fit wise, she will have to grow into them a little bit, but this shoe versus the other one is not as narrow(the above Tolero that I purchased) and I don't have to worry that these shoes will pinch her at all.
B004ZIT63U very comfortable running shoe - Very nice, basic running shoe - comfortable, easy laces. Nice bright blue and yellow - but not flourescent. I'm a bit concerned about the tip of the shoe and how it will hold up - but I just got them so I'll have to wait a month or so and update if they tear easily.
B004ZIT63U Shoe review Bought these for my 8yr old about a week ago and she hasn't taken them off yetThe shoe has groovy colors and all the girls at school want a pair
B004ZIT63U Good quality shoe The size runs narrow for my son. Other than that it's a great buy for the money on this shoe. Puma is a good brand.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe! Great shoe! Love the style and price great for running !Recommend this shoe if you love running or enjoy a great style
B004ZIT63U Puma My son loves this shoe. Good support, great looking shoe. Holds up to a very athletic boy-  he wears them everyday and they aren't coming apart at the seams. I would definitely buy another pair!
B004ZITHZC Daughter Loves Them! Awesome shoe...we are big fans of Puma and can always find a cool shoe on Amazon.com at a great price. My five year old daughter loves them, especially the colors!
B004ZITHZC Great looking shoe Nice, special colors,Comfortable shoe,Was bought for my son, he only wears it,Still nothing wrong with itRecommended.
B004ZITHZC perfect shoe I bought this shoe for my 5 year old and its stylish, soft and comfortable. We love it and would buy again!
B004ZITHZC My son love this It fits him very well and perhaps this is the first shoe that he loved so much. He thinks that he can run fast with this shoe :)
B004ZITHZC Great shoe This shoe is super cute and fits great on my 5 year old!! I ordered the wrong size at first and amazon shipped the new pair even before they got my returned pair. Great customer service!!
B004ZITHZC His Fav &#34;what you know about Rockin' the Velcro&#34; Ha, that is what my 5 year old says about these Pumas/ He loves them and they look sharp with every outfit. Puma is a great durable shoe for any rough playing boy! I have tried them all, trust!
B004ZITHZC Great athletic shoe for girls Great athletic shoe for my 6 year old and still girly enough to pass her fashion sense. Cute and just what we needed for PE.
B004ZITHZC My grandson loves this shoe! Greatt shoe--fits well and holds up well. He really likes the vibrant color and it is very supportive for his feet.
B004ZITHZC Nice shoe, looks durable, easy to put on/Take off This shoe is very nice. Please take everyone's advice and buy one size larger than you currently need, otherwise it will not last a long time. They do run a little small for some reason.
B004ZITHZC PUMA VOLTAIC 3 V Great shoes no more to say, its fix well are soft for my kid and very practical shoe !!! !
B004ZITHZC Good shoe A bit pricey for kids shoes but they fit my 4 year old great and he loves them. I did love the fit guide on the inner lining of the shoe.
B004ZITHZC Very disappointed in this Puma shoe These are such cute shoes but my son cannot even put his foot in the shoe because the style is way too narrow.  I had to look twice to make sure this shoe was my son's size!! It's way too small! Disappointing
B004ZITHZC great shoe Great shoe...my son loves them. He thinks they make him run faster and jump higher! Lol! Great shoe highly recommended.
B004ZITHZC Good shoe Arrived on time, looks nice and fits my 7yr old's feet well :)
B004ZITHZC happy feet This running shoe is actually more than I expected. It fits great, looks even better. My daughter loved it. She has been using it every day, which is not usual for her.
B004ZITHZC the size is too small the shoe size is too small in compare to any other shoe with the same size.when we compare it with adidas shoe there is a difference in sizes
B004ZITHZC EXCELLENT SHOE PUMA GREAT SHOE. YOU WERE MY CHILD SPECTACULAR. MY SON IS NOT NOTHING COMPLAINT FOR THESE SHOES. RECOMMEND THE WIDELY. THE USED FOR THE SCHOOL AND TELL ME THAT ARE TOO GOOD
B004ZITHZC A great shoe for a 3 year old. Though it costs more than my shoe at 30 Its a shoe. Fits well. Looks good. My kid really loves it. I wish it was cheaper, but then I have been wishing that about a Ferrari too :)
B004ZITHZC Flaw in design of shoe! I bought these shoes because of their cool design and the lightweight feel of Pumas.  They came exactly as in the picture and seemed to fit true to size.  HOWEVER, if you look at the picture, there is a strap that crosses the shoe at the bottom which adds pressure to the top of the food.  In addition to this, Right under this strap, the tongue of the shoe is sewn the main part of the shoe but there is overlap and this results in even added pressure to the top of the foot.  After two days of wearing these shoes, my 3-year-old began complaining that the shoes were hurting him and when I took off the shoes and socks, I noticed redness on the top of his foot right where this strap is. The worst part is that since they've been worn, I can't return them!  Do not buy these shoes!
B004ZITJJQ Nice shoe Will return for a larger size so my grandson will get to wear them longer... But he loved the shoe!
B004ZITU86 great shoe! We love Puma! This was purchased for my son.  He is currently in a size 4 and I ordered up so he could wear them a while . . . well these seem to run a little big so he will be wearing the for a long while!  The leather and thick rubber sole seem very durable.
B004ZIVGH4 Almost perfect I have the PUMA Faas 250, a lightweight, breathable running shoe, in black and navy with pink soles, size 9.5.  The foamy cushioned sole gives makes these shoes ultra-comfortable, leaving no soreness in your feet after wearing them for extended periods.  They are pretty much true to size. The only negative feature is the tongue which lacks even a scrap of padding or body (just a flimsy piece of material) and requires reaching under the laces to pull up before tying. This may present no big deal for some people but for me this little bit of inconvenience seems unnecessary. It does make it quite obvious, though, that the tongue is where the manufacturer skimped on this shoe, thus, bringing the cost down a bit.  All in all, paying an extra $10.00 or so for a running shoe that covered all its bases would would have been a better buy for me.
B004ZIVGH4 Great shoe, very light and comfortable An extremely light shoe which is a bit odd at first since I'm accustom to 'heavy' shoes. It's very easy to run with and road running is like running on clouds now with this shoe. I strongly suggest to get this shoe especially for persons who have issues with running on the road like I did.
B004ZIXBAY great tennis shoe! I've purchased several pair of tennis shoes from Amazon - great place to buy anything!!! So, the Puma's are comfortable, reasonable priced and the fit is true to size. I will say Reebok has a shoe that is great, but with back and leg problems I must rate this shoe with a 5!! Color scheme, I bought the pink/grey, is so awesome I truly would even buy another pair(s) to match everything I wear :) Hope you enjoy your tennis shoes as much as I have.
B004ZIXBAY Great shoes I bought these shoes for working out at the gym. They are super lightweight which is great and they are very comfortable. The only thing I don't like about them is that the tongue is attached to the shoe. I have to stuff my feet in there but once I get them in it's a comfortable shoe. A little bulkier than I was expecting but overall I was comfortable working out in them for a full hour, brand new. No blisters, no pain. Great shoe.
B004ZIXBAY Great shoe Fits and looks great!  Fast shipping, exactly as pictured.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a casual shoe.  Too stiff for a running shoe
B004ZIYSME Not a running show - but comfy and stylish! This is a very eye-catching and comfortable shoe. It is very, very lightweight. I would not use it as a running shoe - too lightweight and not enough cushioning/support, but it *is* a good, stylish walking shoe! If you want it just for walking, I would recommend this shoe.
B004ZIYSME great shoe to walk I always like to walk with my dog in the afternoon on weekends.  This shoe is just what I needed for my walks!
B0050U20U8 We love Puma Kid's Shoes! Puma kids shoes are the best. This is the second pair we have owned. Besides being super cute,our favorite part is the removable insole with a footprint on it. You can take it out and see if the shoe fits. This is great because toddlers don't understand  if their shoe fits or not.
B0050U210C Super Cute but also Super Small Should have paid more attention to a previous reviewer. These run at least a full size smaller than any other shoe. My daughters shoe size is the same in every shoe we have ever bought except this one.That said these are ridiculously cute. She loves them. They are her favorite shoes but they are not going to fit for long.
B0050U210C great shoe except the velco! This shoe works great - super flexible and pretty durable for a toddler. However the velcro is the worst quality I've ever had on a toddler shoe. It frays and comes apart. This started happening two weeks after we bought the shoes.
B0050U7C8I Great shoe, but runs small I had to exchange the first pair I bought for a bigger size, I know that my 7 yr. old son doesn't wear a size 3 in any other shoe, but he has always needed to order larger sizes in Puma.  Regardless, it's a good looking shoe and it hold up reasonably well considering how rough little boys are on their sneakers.  We have bought this same shoe in about 6 different color combinations over the years and the quality is consistently good.  Dirt does seem to show up quickly on this light gray, but I've given up trying to have a little boy's shoes looking pristine. :)  I definitely recommend these sneakers.
B0050U7C8I They are great, except the white part of the shoe gets ... Bought these for my son.  They are great, except the white part of the shoe gets dirty very fast for a kid.
B0051TJH2W This shoe is perfect for racing This shoe is perfect for racing. My 5 year old son loves to use it when we run together. He says I'll put the Puma with it because I run a lot.
B0051TJZTM Puma Shoes Review Shoe looks good when tried on by my 3 yr old daughter. The fit and the overall finish of the shoe is very nice.
B0053A2LWC Oh shoe, how I love you... I love this shoe.I wear it to work, because they keep my feet happy all day. I can wear them with black khakis, and I get tons of compliments. I wear it as a casual shoe, because it's my style and goes with a lot of the clothes that I wear. Also looks cute with jeans. I wear them running because they are extremely light weight, and that makes them easy on the knees. I love love love to wear them to Zumba, they are flexible, lightweight, and you can pivot on them quite easily. Just the right amount of grip on the hardwood floors.I am a size 10 medium, these fit me perfectly.The only thing that I would not wholeheartedly recommend them for is any sort of high intensity interval training, like a Tabata class. This shoe does not offer an adequate side support that you need for something like that (jumping, side lunges), which is a bummer.This might be a weird one off, but my shoes arrived with two different length laces. No matter though, they were easy to replace. I've already ordered a second pair!
B0053A2LWC perfect shoe I bought these as a fashion shoe not for the running and they are awesome. Very comfy and lightweight, would buy from PUMA again.
B0053A2M3A Great shoe The lightest workout shoe I ever worn. Very comfortable. I'm going to order the other colors. The price is okay, it could be lower, but the fit and comfort makes it a good purchase.
B0053A2M3A Extremely light & breathable This shoe is extremely light and breathable. You can see through the black mesh it's that open. I'm not much of a jogger anymore but I can imagine this is the ticket for those looking for a minimalist shoe.
B0053A2M3A Wrong shoe I ordered this shoe, but received a different shoe in the wrong size. I was very disappointed. Especially since I had never experienced something like this with previous Amazon.com orders.
B0053A2M3A Great shoe Bought them 1/2 a size larger and they fit perfectly. It has shown to be very durable. People that write that the shoe looks flimsy, have not tested it. It's supposed to be light because it is minimalist. Very good quality and breathable.
B0053A2M3A Great Training Shoe Puma puts out some great training shoes. I wear these for a majority of my workouts since they are so low cut; it makes me feel like I'm wearing next to nothing while providing protection. They keep great grip and balance, while giving you minimal shoe to worry about.
B0053A2M3A TOO LIGHT FOR MY FOOT REALLY LIKED THE SHOE BUT I AM USED TO A HEAVY OUTTER SHOE. BUT GREAT SHOW...LIGHT WEIGHT... STILL A GOOD SHOE.
B0053A2M3A Great looks, but ... Shoe looks great. As others have noted, shoe size tends to run smaller than normal. I ordered a full size larger than my normal size. It fits pretty well. This is a very light weight shoe with minimal sole. It seems more like a running shoe than a cross-trainer. I only use the shoes for walking, and they are fine for that.
B0053YAEPO Very happy PUMA Men's Complete Vectana 2 Running ShoeComing off of plantar fasciitis and training for Tough Mudder, this shoe has performed very well.  I am 5'-11 194lbs and have been running in these shoes for one month both tread mill and road.  Very supple cushioning, snug fit, and very breathable.  It received moderate reviews on Runner's World, but I took a chance on them.  Very happy with them.  Grreat stability and subtle control.  Older shoe was a neutral Adidas Supernova Cushion, also very nice.
B0053YAEPO Should have purchased more! These are my favorite running shoes ever!! They are so good, I had to purchase the female version for my wife so she can enjoy them. She loves them too. Amazing shoe!
B005543YHM WOW! It is an incredibly light shoe, fits like a glove with accurate sizing.  Best sports shoe I've ever purchased. Did I mention how light it is?!
B005543YHM Great shoe This is an extremely comfortable shoe.  The green is a bit brighter than it appears in the picture, however I like it that way.  I have worn them once already and look forward to wearing them many more times.
B005543Z5S dawn2604 This a great shoe for all my walking and working out in the gym. The shoe is very light and is very easy on my feet. I don't run much because of current knee issues  but I make the best of bad knee problem.  If you are a outdoor runner or walker it will serve you well but I think this shoe was made for indoor or track condition.  If you walk or run outside on the street it may not last as long as you would like it too so buy two pair and change them out regularly so they will not wear out as fast. You can't beat the price amazon have it for and get a reliable retailor because you have to be very very careful when ordering online thinking you have found the best deal when in fact you have just the opposite (I can tell you some scary stories on that issue).  Amazon, you rock!
B005543Z5S I'm surprised I'm surprised at how bad this shoe is. For having a superstar runners name attached to this shoe makes it even more of a let down. There was no padding, my feet were uncomfortable just from trying them on. Very very disappointing. My first attempt at buying puma...possibly last. The stitches were also loose in the shoe.
B005543Z5S Great Looking, not too cushy This is a great looking shoe!  Purchased for my son as a casual shoe for jeans and khakis.  He wears a different shoe to run, as this is not as cushy as he likes.  First try for us on this brand.
B005543Z5S Great shoe I look forward to runs because of this shoe. Didn't last as long as I'd hoped, though.As for PUMA shoes in general, they make a damn good running shoe, and I'll keep buying them until they start proving otherwise.
B005543Z5S Awesome Shoe! Awesome Shoe! I last had the Faas 500's and these are very similar. GREAT support, comfort, for everyday use or running. I am using these just for running and workouts they have excellent support and traction.
B005543Z5S Great shoe for the money Unfortunately they don't make these anymore.  This is typical of shoe companies these days--make a good product and when you go to re buy it ---it's no longer available.
B005543Z5S mens not womens i bought this shoe as it was listed as a women's shoe. it was clear to see when it arrived that it was a man's shoe. it is a very nice shoe and i would have kept it if i were a man.
B005543ZHQ Not well-constructed. Normally I ignore angry diatribes of 1-star reviews on products, but make this your exception. The construction feels shoddy, and the insole for my right shoe was not set correctly, so it felt like I was walking on the side of the shoe instead of the center. While they look cool, these shoes do not have consistent construction.
B005544T94 Great Shoe Overall, a really great shoe.  Comfort, style and and durability.  Definitively worth the money.  Just be careful of the mesh layer on top of the shoe...it can get messed up if your not careful.
B0055465X2 disappointed the shoe was not true to size out of the box, so i had to return the original 10's and get 9.5's. the laces were short making for a tiny bow.  it looked great brand new but after breaking in, you see that creases on the shoe front are noticeably synthetic and not the leather look i was hoping for.  thus, durability is questionable.  overall, should be worth $30 and not the $45 i paid for. oh, and the tongue is kinda narrow so that your socks' color can be seen at the edges.
B005547MJS Excellent Shoe This must be the most cushioning shoe i have ever worn. Sadly I had to give it to someone else because it fits tight. A good buy except make sure to buy at least a size bigger than you normally wear.
B0055523WS Most uncomfortable pair of shoes ever owned I am a sneaker head and I love collecting sneakers, however, these pumas that I purchased a few years back have only been tried on once and that was it.The biggest issue was that the tongue of the shoe was terribly designed. It was made of really cheap, synthetic leather and it was very tough. When I wore the shoe, the tongue was so long that it was stabbing against my feet, making me feel VERY uncomfortable. I was so frustrated that I was thinking about taking a pair of scissors and snipping the entire tongue off. Comfortability is one of the most important aspects of a shoe and the pumas failed to meet my expectations.Not only that, the entire shoe is made of really cheap materials that made the shoes feel very unauthentic. If you want a very comfortable pair of shoes, then the pumas are definitely not a shoe you should be looking for. I NEVER wore them. It was very painful.
B005552422 Buy it!!! You will love it!!! This shoe was exactly what I was looking for it fits perfectly and it's a casual everyday looking shoe. I purchased the all black shoe with a red puma logo. Also if you are worried about your size just purchase the size that normally fits you and it will fit. I could not ask for any better! Only thing that bothered me a little was the part where the back of the shoe touches your ankle because it was causing lots of friction and started to hurt but all I did was buy new socks and now they fit like a charm!!!! I'm so happy with this product!!! Thank you so much!!!! :)
B005552422 Great shoe! A bit difficult to keep the white sole clean, the black body of the shoe is easy to keep clean and it fit as expected. Great shoe!
B005552422 Good fit Order came as expected, very casual good looking shoe. I would recommend to others looking for a good shoe to wear with casual attire
B005552422 nice shoe great shoe, could be a little more comfortable, but the design is baller as you can see.  goes great with anything black.
B005552422 Nice shoes - if you order larger These shoes are quite nice, and have a distinctive look.  The all-black coloring allows these sneakers to be dressed &#34;up&#34; or dressed &#34;down.&#34;  The minimal red accents on the black background &#34;pop.&#34;  It is difficult to tell from the images, but the suede is perforated across the entire shoe, making these practical only in warmer weather.  On the downside, the fit of these sneakers is snug, such that I recommend you order at least a half-size larger than your standard sneaker size.  (I generally wear an 11-11.5, and the Puma size 12 is still a bit snug.)
B005552422 Great Shoe by Puma-the BEST delivery by Amazon Once again Amazon gets the job done without a hitch!This style from Puma is very comfortable-affordable-thus making it a very popular shoe. Size fit true  however the D next to the order made me unsure whether it was wide-apparently not- because it fits great. Quick delivery an added plus.
B005552422 Pumas all the way!!! I like the puma designs and how comfortable their shoes are. But this one is the best I've tried so far, It came with a reusable bag that you can also use to carry stuff in (namely the shoes). I like how the material feels on the outside of the shoe. Definitely a must have shoe. I salute you amazon for selling this shoe.
B005552422 nice shoe this shooe is great, fits well looks great with skinny jeans / excellent for walking or skate boarding/ also great for boat shoes
B005552422 Look nice I ordered these shoes on Friday (Dec 16) and received them today (Dec 19) didn't really expect them till tomorrow as it was suppose to be delivered .Really satisfied on that part, as for the shoe I ordered them as a Christmas present for my husband and im pretty sure he will love them. I guess well have to wait and see what he thinks. But overall looks like a bad ass shoe lol.
B005552422 If the shoe fits Good shoe, a little slimmer than expected and had to go up one size. Comfy as well. Would recommend to anyone.
B005552422 Snug This is a great looking low top shoe but I have a wide foot and it is a bit to tight for me. Great shoe with the style and stitching but to tight on m fat foot.
B005552422 Its Okay The shoe is okay, but a bit too stiff and will take time to work it in. The color and style and quite good and its quite an attractive looking shoe. I would recommend.
B005552422 Good looking sneaker This shoe is a snug fit for my feet, which run a little wide, but still within my comfort level.  Construction seems solid - I'm not worried about it falling apart on me.  The sole is a little stiff, hopefully it loosens up after breaking it in.  Otherwise it's a comfortable and stylish shoe, and a decent value.
B005552422 great price, great shoe big fan of pumas, so it was easy to like this pair. great shoe for those of you who have to walk around all day at work. prompt delivery always a plus.
B005552422 Great shoe Nice, simple, comfortable shoe.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a nice walk-around type of footwear.
B00555248Q puma suede I have never bought the same shoe twice prior to this shoe.I feel Puma runs narrow therefor I prefer this shoe.Don't step on my blue suede shoes!
B0055528IM really comfortable felt true to size. It is a great summer shoe. nice ventilation for the feet. with that being, not recommended for really cold days.
B0055528IM GREAT SHOE!!!  Timeless Just as expected. First time for buying Puma for about 30 years. I loved them when I was younger. These were for my 16 year old son. He lives the style and chose them for all purpose. He runs and works out at the YMCA. Great shoe even after all these years
B005553FW0 GREAT shoe, goes with everything. I love this shoe, it goes with pretty much anything i wear.  Dont hesistate to buy, extremely comfortable as well!
B0055548IA Great Shoe!!! I saw this Puma shoe at the mall and decided that I wanted it.  The simplicity of the shoe and the look and design of the shoe was what I immediately noticed about it.  The fit was as advertised and I would strongly recommend this shoe to those who like their casual shoes simple, comfortable, and sturdy.  And of course, Amazon's quick shipping is always a big plus!
B0055BZJGY very comfortable GREAT SHOE, VERY COMFORTABLE-SEEMS TO RUN TRUE TO SIZE WITH PLENTY OF TOE BOX ROOM-WOULD BE GREAT FOR WALKING TOURS
B0055QR480 Not Black I was kinda expecting a black shoe, This shoe is not black it's brown.  I told my wife it looked black online and then showed her and after a lot of convincing she agreed.  Anyways the shoe was very confortable but will be returning it for a black one and a size larger because it was very tight.  I'm a huge fan of puma shoes and look forward to a leather outer for easy cleaning.  The design on this shoe was amazing.  The large inside Puma Cat was really sharp.
B0055QSSZS Love it Arrived as expected and in time for gift for my husb and who loves this shoe. We are big PUMA fans and weren't sure about the new side tie style when it first came out but he swears by it now.  It's a good shoe.
B0055QUAFO Great Shoe! Great shoe, fits small so order 1 full size larger than normal. Would recommend weather treatment as they are suede and can get dirty easy.
B0055X9J0O Great shoe! This is a great shoe! Yes, it is just a single layer of canvas, but it's what makes them so comfortable. You definitely wouldn't want to wear them in the snow or rain, but for everyday casual wear, they are pretty cute!
B0055XBD80 like the lightness of the shoe would be very happy with this shoe if it was half size larger.......might need to consider ordering half size up when purchasing .
B0055XCS3Y Great Shoe We gave these shoes to our daughter to wear for a comfortable shoe to wear on campus.  She has worn these almost every day.  She loves them!  Miles have been put on these shoes and they still look great.
B0055XDNQA Not what I was looking for These shoes were flashy and pretty, but I did not keep them.  I was looking for a shoe for general use (walking, standing), and I didn't think these would pass the test.  A big part of the bottom of the shoe is completely smooth (no grips), and there was little to no support in terms of comfort.  I also went with previous reviews that stated Puma's sizing ran small, so I ordered a half size up (I am usually between a 9.5 and a 10), but they were definitely too big.  All in all, a bust.  These shoes just weren't the type I needed, but like I said, they looked good.
B0056WZF20 more bulk for your buck I was hopeful that these would be the shoe I was looking for to meet my athletic shoe needs, but sadly they are not. They are extremely bulky. It said to order up a size, and I wish I had ordered a size down. I have plantar fasciitis and heel spurs. These shoes still give me heel pain. So for as cute as they are, unfortch they are lacking in support and comfort :(
B0056X09AM comfortable shoe! This shoe is very comfortable.  I really like the shoes to be comfortable.  It does feel a little tight on the upper part of my toes, but I attribute that to being new, not the shoe itself.  Once they get broken in, I'm sure they will not feel as tight.
B0056X0FVK Good shoe Purchase these for my mom as workout shoes- she wears a 10 and complained they were a little tight for her foot. Overall, she enjoyed the shoe and said they were great shoe for walking and aerobic class.
B0056X0FVK very comfy Very possibly the best shoe I have ever owned.  I have wide feet and a high arch this shoe feels like your walking on clouds.
B0056YH1PW So comfortable!! I have never purchased a PUMA running shoe before, so I was a little hesitant at first. I LOVE these. I am not too crazy about the color selection, I feel like I was kidnapped and thrown back into the 80's with the bright pink and teal combo, but that is a small inconvenience compared to the comfort level. I like to run about 1-4 miles a week, on all terrains, and this shoe can match them all. From sand, to concrete, to a rubber track it works great. I suffer from knee pain due to bad stabilization when I run. This shoe is a little wider to provide the relief from my problem. The lining of the opening is made of a thin fleece so there is no need to break them in first to avoid getting blisters. These are SUCH a great buy!!
B0056YJJNO Happy enough to wear 3 pairs in a row. This shoe looks great and feels good, even after I stand 10 hrs on a cement floor. I wear pink scrubs and love the look. My only trouble with comfort  is the toe box is a little tight, and the little rubber piece on the toe of shoe peels after 4 months.
B0056YP5VE Good for Casual Wear, Not So Much for Indoor Soccer Bought these shoes expecting to play indoor soccer (Futsal) in them, but they didn't work out very well. Fit was good - I wear size 12 in Nike Mecurials and the size 12 in these fit about the same.Unlike most indoor soccer shoes it doesn't have a gum rubber sole, so the traction on gym floors leaves some to be desired. I found myself skidding and sliding more than I would like. It's a very minimalist shoe, so weight is nice and light. I wasn't blown away by the touch on them - it's not bad, just &#34;okay&#34;. However, my feet hurt like crazy after using them for one game. The bottoms of my feet hurt so bad I could barely walk the next day! And, since the insole is glued in, it's hard to replace them with something more cushioned.I've ended up using these as casual street shoes, and they look quite good out and about. If you're looking for a casual shoe then they're great, but I would look elsewhere for an indoor soccer shoe.
B0056YR3N2 Nice shoe! Stylish! This was a great shoe for the price! I didn't have any issues with it. However, I didn't use them very much, so they didn't experience to much of an endurance test.
B0056YRCTW A+ good old classics , they never let you down  I wear 11 orderd these in 11.5 fit great. leather is great for the touch,molds to your foot, awesome shoe just like adidas cupa mundial, pretty much same shoe.
B0058XE0GY Puma Footwear Esito Classic Sala Indoor Soccer Trainers Great shoe, comfortable, stylish. Love this shoe everyone notices this shoe on you. Almost a mustard yellow in color which is beautiful. Highly recommend this shoe for any type of wear.
B0058XE0GY brian j puma ran out of my size of this shoe.not only found it on amazon but saved some dough to.i;ve had this shoe for a couple of months now.no scoffs no tears still looks new.great looking shoe thank you amazon two thumbs up way up!!.
B0058XE0GY Love them Great shoe comfortable go a half size larger, typical of Pumas.  The navy is awesome lookin for black now.  Ordering more Pumas shortly!-former Adidas Guy
B0058XE0GY Great Great shoe.  Just a great little shoe.  Very easy to play in. I especially love that the laces can be tied behind the tonge to give a smooth surface to kick.
B0058XE0GY Very Good shoe It's a good show with really good grip. Was able to get pretty good ball control with it. Should have ordered half a size smaller. (If you're a 10 for normal shoes, order a 9 for a nice snug fit)
B0058XE0GY Style & Comfort Great shoe for my 11 year old.  He loved them.  The shoe provided comfort as well as style and was true to size.  He has now outgrown the shoe, but we definitely got our money's worth out of them.
B0058XE334 satisfied love the make of this shoe...its extremely comfortable ...very strong and light weight...came wid this cool clever bag too..all in all..this a great shoe...got a couple compliments too
B0058XE334 Great shoe, very comfortable and elegant, but it could have a better quality I'm not saying it is not quality stuff but it could be better. The front of the shoe is beginning to go off which should not considering it has approximately 1 year of use (I'm conserve my tennis very well though). In spite of that I think it is worth it, I really like this shoe.
B0058XE334 Comfortable and classy Love this shoe so much that I bought it again, it's light and comfortable with a clean look that screams classy
B0058XE334 Great Shoe This is an amazing shoe everything that was described. I love it, its comfortable and kinda stylish at the same time. I would recommend this to anyone looking to buy!!!
B0058XEE88 Great!!!! Great shoe. Bought this shoe for my daughter who is a sophmore. She used this shoe for 100m hurdles, 800m, and 1600m runs and loved them.
B0058XEEHE they cool i have them here in the box, i didnt know this is a shoe for runners and i just wanted a shoe to walk and run, this is for professionals and now i cant wear them. but they good i will find the way to use them soon :)
B0058XEEHE Puma Women's Complete TFX Distance 3 Running Shoe,Ceramic... These sneakers are great! There defiantly great for a track athlete! This shoe does run a little smaller but overall there a great shoe!
B0058XF1V2 Try these, excellent shoe! The Puma shoes are excellent in quality. Plus they are a good looking shoe and lite weight. The fit is exact and have a good feel.
B0058XF1V2 Awesome Shoe! Ive been a Puma fan for 8 years and they continue to impress. There shoes are durable, extremely lightweight, and always look great. This shoe is no different. Comfortable, extremely lightweight, and they look awesome. If you like the narrow fit casual fashion shoe, this type of Puma shoe is perfect.
B0058XF1V2 Good Fit and Thin Sole I ordered this shoe for the National Awana competition called Summit, as I needed a thin and light shoe for the races and relays. I was pleased well by the fit of the shoe, and despite some reviews emphasizing the slim fit, it was perfect for my foot. There is little to no arch support which is what I prefer, as I usually use Vibram Five Fingers for activities. I also appreciated the thin sole of the shoe. I run on the ball of my foot, and prefer to stay close to the surface I'm running on. In reference to style, they look fantastic and have that slim form that I appreciate in my conventional shoes. They've gone well with everything is worn from a v-neck and jeans, to a suit. They aren't too flashy, but refined enough that I've recieved a few compliments on the look. I also wore them for the duration of a roadtrip, during which I took them on and off many times. The velcro closure was quite convenient for that purpose, yet did not come loose during my running. My only concern is for the durability of the shoe, but only time will tell.These have become my favorite multipurpose shoes, and I look forward to wearing them for a while yet.
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoe Nice shoe. Looks great.Very thin upper and sole. I would consider this more of a 'fashion slipper' than a shoe.Fits slightly smaller than sized.
B0058XF1V2 They run even smaller Nice shoe, but it runs even smaller than the reviews indicated, should have gotten a whole size larger, very soft and easy to wear.
B0058XF1V2 Excellent shoe If you want a light weight form fitting shoe...Puma is the shoe for you.  However, I wear a men's size 10.5 and always have to order a 11.5 in Puma.  On occasion, the style of shoe requires me to go up another half size to a men's 12. The main reason is that Puma shoes are very very narrow....so, try one size larger and it should fit fine...but it will feel snug - until it stretches...but it is comfortable.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoe !!! This is definitlty agreat shoe. Its very comfortable and well looking and it fits me like a glove. I highly recomended to everybody
B0058XF1V2 2nd pair-great shoe Great shoe, very comfortable- my son loves these shoes-looking for next size bigger, this is his second pair and the shoes are easy to clean with magic eraser, they stay lookin new
B0058XF1V2 Looks great Comfortable for short periods of walking, but an inner seam above the toes causes blistering if shoe worn for extended periods
B0058XF1V2 great shoe great casual shoe. order one size larger
B0058XF1V2 Great fit! I ordered this PUMA shoe for my son, and he really likes it!  The quality is outstanding and the fit is perfect!  The main thing is my son is happy with this shoe!
B0058XF1V2 Style The shoe is narrower than my expectations. It means that you may order a bigger one than your common size.I ordered one and I have refunded it because the small stick on the shoe had a litter flexibility and accordingly the shoe was too tight.
B0058XF1V2 Light and Sleek This shoe is really light and comfortable in terms of being as close to barefooted as possible.  If you are looking for cushioning, it would not be the shoe for you.  It has a nice sleek appearance.  However, the opening at the top is on the side.  It appeared, to me, to be in the middle.  That was a bit disappointing, but OK.  It is pretty true to fit, size wise.
B0058XF60I Shoe looks great - not sure if it's a running shoe OK - I've been running for more than 15 years.  Once upon a time I could run 16 min 5K's.  So when I'm running, I like my shoes to have a little flash on them.I love the design of this shoe.  It looks tight - however, I think it's a bit of a stretch to call it a running shoe.  I would probably say its more of a skateboard shoe vs. an actual 2-10 mile shoe.  It has a flat bottom that your typically see with Vans or DC.  I'm not hating on them, I actually love them - but I'm not going out and running a 5K in them.  Purchase them to rock with your Jeans - and not at the gym.
B0058XF60I Very nice trail running shoe I bought these Trailfox IVs due to previous experience with Puma's trail shoes. These are just as good as my former pair. Snug fit and the shoe moves with my foot easily. Very comfortable and well cushioned. Good grip on all surfaces I've been on, wet, ice and uneven ground. I did add another insole to increase the cushioning due to the fact I also wear these while on concrete. Only one minor negative with my pair: one of the "accent" stripes was unglued over a small portion of the shoe. I have been concerned about snagging it, but so far so good. I just need to find a suitable glue to secure it. Puma offered to replace the whole shoe, but I declined that offer as it was a defect that did not demand that kind of resolution in my mind.I would recommend these shoes without reservation. If these last as long as my previous pair I expect to get 3 years of everyday wear out of them.
B0058XF6JY suupper Another reviewer cried about needing to buy a full size up.... no, you buy half a size up.  I know this because I have purchased quite a few Puma shoes.  Yes, the shoe is kind of like a slip on considering the tongue is part of the body, but it feels really good.  You can further tighten the shoe with the laces, so it's not a big deal at all.  The shoe reminds me a lot of their Disc Blaze sneaker.  This shoe is SUPER light weight and comfortable, it kind of feels like you're walking on marshmallow's. It doesn't hurt that they're really cheap.  I know Amazon doesn't like prices on reviews, but I got my pair for 30&lt;x&lt;35 dollars.  I've been wearing them for a few days and the quality, to me at least, is fine.  I do not feel like I'm using cheap "china shoes" or whatever the other reviewer said.  For anyone looking for a good, affordable, light weight and comfortable shoe-- I'd definitely recommend this product.
B0058XF6Q2 Love the shoe! Shoe fits good with a half size larger.  for example i wear a 9.5 and i got a 10 and its a perfect.  so far no problems with them had them about a month now.
B0058XF6Q2 Stylish Design and Nice Comfort I absolutely love these shoes. They are stylish and sexy, they fit well and appear to be made well. I share wear time with this shoe amongst a few others, so if you chose to wear this as your main or only shoe, that may be different. I do wear these as my main shoe and they are great. I would suggest these shoes for someone who wants to feel the ground better, almost like an extension of your foot. Despite the great feel on the floor, they still provide good protection from ground elements.Gorgeous shoe.
B0058XF6Q2 Solid Shoe I received  these as a gift in white and they have kept white for the first couple of weeks. They clean up easy when they do get dirty. I recommend ordering up a half size as they are a very slim shoe, as most Puma shoes are. Light weight, look real good with jeans. Great buy!
B0058XF6Q2 Great Product, But I Underestimated So this shoe is great, except for the fact that the shoe size was a few sizes too small.  Everything was listed correctly for the product, but I figured that getting a size 10 1/2 would be fine (since that's the shoe size I have with just about every other shoe), but it turned out to be too small for me.  I guess this is what I get for purchasing my shoes online, instead of buying at the store so I can see/feel how well the shoe fits before I commit to purchasing the product.  The shoe is great, but I underestimated the size, which is why I am still giving this product a 5 star rating.
B0058XF6Q2 Small Feet and Thin Socks... Great Looking shoes but, No recommended for Long walks or running.Pros- Looks Great- Good Quality Shoes, Not Cheaply madeCons- Very Thin Shoe- Must but a Size bigger.(I normally wear a 10.5 but my feet fits really tight. 1 size bigger would be fine)- Little to no soleNot the best running shoe. After 2 uses, My feet were killing me.
B0058XF6Q2 nice shoe I like puma's because of the low heals, they are a comfortable shoe for me and I'm on my feet a lot during the day.
B0058XFAMC Shoe did not fit. This product arrived quickly and well packed from the supplier. In spite of the fact that I ordered the size that normally fits me, this shoe was too small (toe up against the end of the shoe). Returned to the supplier for a refund. Sizing may be a little off. Good looking shoe.
B0058XFAOK Perfect light weight fit! I am very pleased with the high quality and craftsmanship ofd this shoe.  The stitching is solid and the entire show is well made.  It makes for a great deck shoe if you sail, and a nice casual loafer.  I recommend this product and seller to all!
B0058XFC7U comfortable the shoes are VERY comfy although they are not the most attractive shoe. they also run a little big or wide
B0058XFC7U Too soft Not a very good stability shoe, I felt like I was wearing a big sock. Even with insoles the balls of my feet were very sore after a long run.
B0058XFJTQ Runs big These run big. Nice shoe. Just order down. I kept them because I  horrible about exchanging online purchases, but I don't wear them often as they ate too big.
B0058XFJTQ Puma women's Running Shoe, black/gloxina I am very pleased with this shoe and  the size 12 M!  The shoes came as I expected and I replaced the shoe laces so they are easier to get on.  I am very pleased with the shoe fit and the color.
B0058XFJTQ Great Shoe For Walking Also This Puma Sneaker is a great shoe for Balance when walking. I have a difficult time with my feet and legs and I have finally found a comfortable shoe that I can wear all day long. It helps me stay balanced and actually makes it fun to take walks again. It comes in large sizes and great colors. Have fun and be comfortable.This is my second pair.
B0058XFP86 I'm not a runner, but I love it! I don't generally go running outside or even on a treadmill -- closest I get is elliptical.  But I do cycle, indoor row, strength train, do aerobics classes, and just generally wear them around the gym.  I really wanted a laceless athletic shoe and there are hardly any out there; I thought there might be good reason for that.  However, this shoe fits great, looks great (in my opinion), and is pretty lightweight.  So I hope others start making them, too.I could do without the white tread stripe since that's likely to show dirt quickly; I think shoemakers purposefully do that to encourage people to buy new shoes since they'll look old without regular cleaning before they're really spent.  But for successfully making a laceless shoe, I'll forgive them for it!Also, in the way of sizing, I have somewhat wide feed and Puma's shoes usually are far too narrow for me (which is frustrating because they often have great styling).  I did go up half a size on this shoe and I think it's exactly the size I needed -- it hugs my foot from the sides a little, but not noticeable enough to be distracting (I quickly forget it) and I figure that's probably necessary to keep the shoe on without the aid of tightened laces.  I've not had them long, so they'll likely break in some too -- though hopefully not so much they feel loose on my feet!  I'll update my review if anything like that happens.  Until then, I definitely recommend this shoe.
B0058XFP86 Unique style, good function. Best part: No laces Definitely one of the most unique styles I've seen in a shoe and it fits well (recommend getting the next size to our shoe size). I've yet to run miles with these shoes but they are light and seem strong. If you are not a lace person, this shoe is a great option for sport shoes.
B0058XFP86 Nice Comfortable  , stylish running shoe ,Velcro fastener makes it easy off /on and a durable feel , you may need a size up , they're a little snug , overall I would recommend , very cool kicks !
B0058XFP86 Great shoe, Great price. for the quality of shoe the price is pretty incredible, dont worry about the shoe not fitting properly because it doesnt have laces, I have had no problems with this product at all
B0058XFP86 Great It seem its one size smaller than that's listed. But it's a great shoe, gave it to my sister and she loved it
B0058XFP86 Not True Sizing! Other reviewers warned the shoe might be narrow and/or not otherwise true to size. I didn't listen...and they were right. I really coveted these shoes in Scarlet & Grey. I wear a 13D...these are advertised 13 D...but not so. I returned the shoes thanks to Amazon Prime. I meant to check to see where the shoes were constructed; I have found that running shoes constructed in Viet Nam typically are NOT true to size. I found this in Asics and in Brooks. U.S and China seem to construct the best shoe. I should have asked before ordering. I am now warry in ordering future Puma's.
B0058XFP86 Good all-purpose shoe This shoe is more of a casual kick-around shoe then a running shoe.  It does work as a running shoe but I've found it to be lacking in support.  Super stylish though.  Worth the money.
B0058XFP86 Very nice shoe. All around this is a great shoe, which I highly recommend.  I did just want to note a couple of things:1.  Going from Asics to these, for me the Pumas seemed to be a little bit larger.  I normally wear a size 10, but for these I might have been a little better off with a size 9.5 or so.  Just be aware of the sizing differences.2.  My last actual running shoes was a pair of Brooks shoes, which started tearing into the back of my foot (factory defect).  These Pumas are worlds more comfortable, but the Brooks shoes did seem to have quite a bit more bounce to them, which was nice.3.  There is a LOT of padding in the shoe, so if you're averse to the idea of wearing hook and loop (Velcro) shoes because you won't be able to adjust them later, you shouldn't find it too much of an issue.  Just bear in mind item 1 above.
B0058XFP86 exellent condition fits nice and looks great! it is just the right shoe for the money invested and better yet it's a Puma!
B0058XFP86 I HATE SHOE LACES!!!! I've been buying shoes and sneakers that are shoe lace free. I can walk without worrying if i trip over my shoe lace because i didn't tie it right. I like these sneakers because like slippers you can just slip your foot in and not worry about tying your shoe laces. Easy and FAST!!! Very comfortable. Please note you need to get a 1/2 inch more. NORMALLY I am a 10 but with these type of Puma Sneakers I had to get 10 1/2. They are a little tight and snaggy.
B0058XFP86 TOO TIGHT Great looking shoe but it is so unbending and unyielding that you can't get into itEven with a larger size
B0058XFP86 Great shoe I was looking for a shoe to work out in and this seems to be the one.  Some reviews said the shoe is too small when dealing with the size.  I do not think it is the size but the width.  It does tend to fit tighter around the arch, but that could be a good thing.  I believe because I have a narrow foot that this is the reason it doesn't bother me much.  A half size larger could be too big, but it is hard to say without going to a Puma outlet and trying their shoes on for reference.  Other wise, fits nice, and breathes pretty good.
B0058XFP86 Great running shoe The size was one size too small. The shoe felt like a sock with a sole attached. I really like the shoe but the ran out of my size. Very light, did not even feel like shoes on my feet. I would highly recommend, just a larger size.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoe!! My son is autistic and never mastered shoe tying. These shoes allow him to &#34;fit in&#34; as a senior in high school. They fit and look great! No complaints!
B0058XFP86 Osu Nm sneaker I received the Puma Nm Fashion sneaker as a gift and was skeptical about its performance as a running shoe. However, I have since run an estimated two-three miles a day since I received them a month ago and they are excellent. Despite not having laces, they fit exceptionally well and provide excellent support. I personaly use these shoes for running and other athletic activities and love them.I highly recommend these shoes. I probably would not buy the Osu Nm fashion sneaker because I am not fond of how they look- but in terms of function, I would say this shoe is probably one of the best shoes I have ever worn for running. Today I ran a 13:08 two mile and there is no noticable fatigue or soreness in my ankles, knees, or hips. I really can't say enough good things about this shoe. Again though, as a shoe you wear to look good, or to impress people.. (well, I have been complimented several times about how they look).. I would pass on them, but if you want a great shoe to run, or do other athletic activities, this is the shoe to buy (or in my case, receive as a gift).
B0058XFP86 Great shoes I have been using this shoe for two weeks now and they are very light weight and comfortable.The shoe material is also very elastic so it helps for runs up hills and down. I would recommend this shoe for those looking to do long walks or just run around the track.
B0058XFP86 nice the best running shoe i ever had evercolor, style, wt, every thing in that shoe is perfecti love it
B0058XFP86 Love my new PUMA Osu NM Running Shoe! I needed a shoe that I could put on fast in my Sprint Tri's.  Also, they are confortable and feel very secure to run in.  Great shoe!
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's Osu Nm Running Shoe This shoe is really good! Better than what I thought really.  It fits right on my foot and however it's shaped, it snuggles right on my foot like how I like it.  It's really comfortable and really light for me. Although I've had lighter shoes, this one is superb if not perfect.  I'm already thinking about getting another one just in case they stop selling these any time soon.  Hopefully they don't because these ROCK!
B0058XFP86 Handsome shoe! Our son loves it; no laces! Chose this shoe for our younger son who hates dealing with laces. If this product wears well, will consider another pair?
B0058XFP86 Great!!!!! Light and flexible. Really well made have a very good fit and looks stunning over all a Good running shoe.
B0058XFP86 Not really a running show Yes you can &#34;run&#34; in it....thats if you are running after your dog who's running after the mail man.  If you jog, and I dont mean professional marathons either, I mean a couple of miles here and there to clear your mind and keep the love handles under control, this shoe is not for you.  The obvious problem is that you cannot control the fit of the shoe on your foot....which is easier with laces since you can make it a bit looser on top and tighter at the mid section of your foot so your toes dont rub with the front of the shoe, or it doesn't feel overly tight in general as you jog, etc.  This shoe feels a bit loose (not too much), but, at least in my case at least, as I step (walking) it strangely makes my foot shift towards one side of the shoe, so that my ankle moves in, my arches follow dropping inward and loosing my correct walking and jogging posture.  Basically it does not hold your foot correctly and might even be dangerous for your ankle. Nike's Free 5.0 much better shoe.
B0058XFP86 good shoe comfortable fit, ideal for running/jogging, light, shoes was as shown, easy to slip on and off since there is no shoe laces
B0058XFP86 The most comfortable shoe ever! I love this shoe! I live in them! This shoe is lightweight, comfortable and durable.  When they get dusty, I drop them in the washer and they come out looking like new!  Great shoe!
B0058XFP86 great footwear very comfortable shoe especially with my profession, i'm always on my feet and conforms very well which lessens soreness on my arches.
B0058XFP86 Great buy Best running shoe I ever bought very comfortable ,it fits snug on your feet.will buy another pair soon.plus it looks great if u just as a casual shoe
B0058XFP86 great looking shoe, fits way to small Shoe look great, however has a very tight feel to it. Had to return them. Since there are no laces, can't loosen them up.
B0058XFPLS good shoe for the dough its a nice shoe...i love puma and have a few diff styles...this one goes great with anything white or black
B0058XFPLS Nice sturdy athletic shoe Nice sturdy athletic shoe. Husband loves that it is solid all over foot. No mesh material means better protection from liquids and falling objects. like the styling as well. Have bought a few pairs if these shoes and always pleased. Durable and stylish.
B0058XFPLS Good shoe Shoes fit perfectly and very durable and good for running. Have had for a while now and still in good shape.
B0058XFPLS a step backwards for Puma I have not had a shoe on my foot in 8 years other than Puma and a work boot. I love the feel and comfort of Puma shoes however with this shoe he comfort is definitely top shelf but the quality of the shoe is not. At 85 my cell  7 Jago (previous pair) was top quality emroidered design, this shoe Tolero # has simple painted on design that I see rubbing off or smearing very very soon. Other than than this shoe is exactly as expected from Puma. Considering the price range was the same I expected the quality to be similar, Only time will tell. I desperately tried replacing my cell 7 Jago blue/white that I got 7 months ago and they are no where to be found. So if you find a pair that you love stock up on them cause they will be obsolete in a few months
B0058XFYDC Very comfortable and nice looking retro shoe Got these in place of the PUMA Basket's that were too small and narrow and I finally gave up on.  This shoe was a much better choice.  Looks exactly like the shoe I grew up wearing in the 70s.  They actually feel a little large for their size, but still extremely comfortable.
B0058XFYDC Classic Styling, Long Break-In Period These shoes draw comments ranging from &#34;I like the style&#34; to &#34;I wanted those back in the day&#34;.  Nice stylingThe problem I had was the heel/tendon area piece digging into the back of my heel, but only on the right shoe.  After a mile walk, the shoe had cut through skin.I worked on breaking the shoes in for a week.  Also, I tugged and bent that area of the shoe until it finally was safe to wear all day.Even after the heel issue, the shoe itself felt stiffer than most others.  This isn't a complaint: it is simply noteworthy.I did have to finish punching the top shoe eyelet on one shoe.  No biggie: again; noteworthyThese are a flat sole shoe, so don't expect major support or adjustment.  They are mostly for the looks.With a month of wear, the shoes have held together and fit fine.
B0058XG0H6 Amazing shoe !!! Its an amazing shoe. I definitly recomended to everybody. Its super comfortable and very well looking. The size fits me as a glove
B0058XGDWS LOVE IT! Would surely recommend this shoe to other. My 15 yr old son loves them and thinks they look pretty cool. True to size...A great buy and great price. Thanks Amazon
B0058XGDWS D.O.P.E Good looking pair of shoes..from my perspective they look like puma suedes but just a little more slimmed down. The shoe is very comfy and I would say it fits true to size. Only problems I have is that the shoe itself is not all suede, only the formstripe. The rest is canvas which I don't like because it tends to fade very quickly and the other material being sort of like a newbuck but idk to me it just seems like too much different material. But great shoe, feels good, has that classic look and they really do grab attention seeing every one els wears vans.
B0058XGI5A Great looking shoe!! This was a gift for my husband and in his words &#34;I just wanted a PUMA shoe and optimized for the look - and it was exactly what I expected!!&#34;
B0058XGI5A Great Driving Shoe Narrow fitting shoe, but this is to be expected from a European-styled shoe like this.Excellent driving shoe, very good feel on the pedals due to the thin sole of the shoe.Definitely buy at least 1/2 a size bigger than needed (if not a full size bigger). I normally wear a US Mens size 12, and the US Mens 13 of this shoe fits me perfectly.Overall, I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a sporty looking, european styled, driving shoe that is good for everyday casual use.
B0058XGI5A Comfortable and good-looking Liked the shoe a lot. It REALLY is smaller in size, when you compare to the sizing charts. I'm a 10.5 and bought a 11.5 after reading reviews, and it looks like a 10.5.The greatest thing is that it is really comfortable as my feet don't get tired of wearing the same shoe all day. Also it is very good looking, everyone says my new shoe is beautiful.I didn't give 5 stars because it is a bit slippery AND the middle arch it a bit weak, and as I'm a supinator, the shoes incline a little to the inside.
B0058XGI5A Puma tennis shoe Buy a 1/2 size larger. Great shoe, good for taller kids.My sons jeans are actually the right length because there is no heel to this shoe. It looks great on.
B0058XGI5A its okay This is my second shoe from the same seller and the same size but its kind of tight, i like  the way it looks especially the stripes on the SIDES
B0058XGI5A Great looking shoe but get a half size bigger than what you usually get I've been wearing Pumas for years and this is pretty much what I'd expect out of Pumas.  It's light weight, comfortable, and it seems durable as well.  As far as looks, this is but best looking puma I've ever owned.  If this shoe is actually durable, I'm probably going to buy more in the future.  I'm not sure what the other reviewers meant by the shoe being narrow.  It's about as narrow as the other pumas I own.  Just get a half size bigger than what you usually get and you should be fine.
B0058XGI5A Puma woman's sizing Great looking shoe. Unfortunately it was returned due to the sizing: the men's 5.5 did not equate to a womans 7 as stated' it was a bit small.
B0058XGI5A The Best Driving Shoe I wanted a true driving shoe that could be worn in public without looking like a crazy person. I was looking for a very minimalistic design with a thin sole rounded heel.This shoe is EXACTLY what I was looking for. The sole is very thin, allowing great pedal feel and easy heel-toe downshifting. The heel is rounded for smooth pedal action. The fit is good, but a little small (honestly smaller is better for these shoes, as it allows you to get a better pedal feel).I use these shoes around town and on the race track. Amazing driving shoes!
B0058XGI5A Nice casual knock around shoe I purchased these for a recent trip to Italy.  Did not want to look too American in my cross-trainers. This is a comfortable and good looking sport shoe.  I would have given it a 5, but they are a bit narrow.  So  for me, the comfort level decreased over the time I was wearing them.  Size up if you have a medium width foot, or look for another shoe that has a wider fit.  The other draw back is that the sole is recessed from the toe, so that you can get pavement wear on the toe.
B0058XGI5A Awesomely comfy shoe, but as reviewers have warned: about a 1/2 size too small. I should have listened to the warnings - I had to return my 10 1/2 for 11s (which was a painless process, thanks to Amazon) and the size 11 fits perfectly.Really light, small shoe that doesn't get in the way. Really great for driving a stick, no bulbous rubber protruding at the bottom of the shoe so your feet feel very unrestricted when shifting (I drive a Subaru WRX) - very easy to heel/toe shift, if you're into that sort of thing.If I was to complain, I would say that the right tongue falls a little to the right, which is either a mediocre fit or just the way that tongue was stitched.I highly recommend these shoes and will probably be buying another pair in a different color in the future...
B0058XGI5A great shoe great price the bottoms are kinda narrow but other then that if your now going to the club with them its a great shoe
B0058XGI5A Nice Shoe Was looking for ages some brown/chocolate mostros.....but just no luck.  Eventually bought these..US womens 6.  While they arent mostros,  they are a nice practical shoe, and very comfortable.  Very happy with them especially 49.99 USD.16-08-2013  - As I was walking home in the rain today, I realised my feet were getting wet.  Discoverd a hole at the big toe part of one shoe.  I feel the shoes are the right fit.  Not returning as am from overseas, but probably wouldnt rebuy.  Will stick to the mostro.
B0058XGLKC Great Comfort Awesome shoe very comfortable lightweight.Nice style used for mostly running get yourself a pairyou wont be disappointed. Great
B0058XGLKC Great Shoe The shoe is lightweight and good for running. Excellent shoe for the price and the modern look to it is a plus
B0058XGLKC Puma Men's Cross-Training shoe I which the shoe came in a 10.5, it only was available in a 10. My son enjoys the shoe but cannot wear additional socks.
B0058XGLKC So Light! I was amazed by how light weight these shoes are when I first picked them up out of the box.  They are without a doubt the lightest men's athletic shoe that I've ever seen.  The shoe looks great.  It's sleek with just enough color to make it stand out without being too flashy.  The soles are extremely flexible and cushy which makes them perfect for running but they are cross trainers so good for many other activities.  As far as sizing, they seem to run a little bit large so you might want to go 1/2 size down from what you normally wear in a running shoe.  My son usually wears an 11 1/2 and he can wear these but does have to use fairly thick socks to keep them from slipping.Overall, a really nice looking and well performing shoe for a decent price. What's not to love?
B0058XGLKC Love these shoes At first I thought this shoe was gonna be to flashy for me. I was looking for an all white comfortable light shoe. No luck. Took a chance with this one and was surprised when I opened the box. Great looking shoe. Lots of compliments. Fit just perfect. Wire it all day and I love it. Very light shoe in weight. Thinking about buying another pair in a different color. &#128522;
B0058XGLKC Putagility This shoe is by far the best shoe on the market. It has plenty of cushion and the way the sole is made stop eversion or inversion. It also very light and gives great support. and I like they come in a variety of colors..
B0058XGLKC On the flat side. Very low arch. Super light weight. PUMA pumagility cross-training shoe. Red and black. Men's size 11.PROS:1. Super light weight2. Very comfortable3. Good for working out at the gym4. Sized about right. If you wear an 11 in Asics or Adidas you will wear 11 in PUMA. They are more to the narrow side width-wise.5. Packaging is creative and green. Instead of typical shoe box the PUMAs are packaged in a reusable tote.CONS:1. The arch is extremely low. Not good for running for someone who needs support.2. The shoe is so flat that someone commented on my new wrestling shoes.
B0058XGLKC I miss when athletic shoes were normal colors I am a heel stomper when i run and these were perfect for that. I just wish they still made these in normal colors. Dark Shadow/Silver was a great looking shoe. Great fit... Super Comfy.. Great looking shoe... Where can I get these again that dont look like crayola vomit?
B0058XGLKC First Pair of Puma Brand I finally got to see what I'v been missing in a shoe. I normally buy NIKE or ADIDAS but this pair of PUMAgility Cross-Training Shoe is definitely &#34;Running&#34; with the big boys. They are stylish, comfortable,lightweight,and affordable. I give them very high marks for overall satisfaction. Great shoe!!
B0058XGLKC PUMA Shoe I would consider this shoe to others, it is light on your feet, it feel wonderful. It is comfortable and it dose not hurt your heels when you run, it has a lot of cushion.
B0058XGLKC Nice! Good price Bought these for my son. Size is true. Good inside padding and nice support. The shoe is solidly built. When you can please a 14yr old, you've done good.
B0058XGUJ4 nice perfect shoe for my son, would order these again, good quality of shoe, perfect size, comfortable and affordable, nice color
B0058XGZ94 Good product but not super comfortable I really like the way these shoe look, but they're not the most comfortable shoes I've ever had. I have plantar fascitis and even with insoles, my feet hurt somewhat. They fit true to size & would probably be fine for people without any foot problems.
B0058XH4L2 I love this shoe I loves this shoe. I have to wear dress shoes to work and no one in my office could tell that I was wearing tennis shoes.
B0058XH4L2 Runs small, not that comfortable I agree with the other reviewer that it ran small. I bought this in the store and I tried on a 6 which is my usual shoe size and they were loose, so I bought the 5.5. I feel that the 5.5 is a bit too tight for me but I hope it'll stretch soon. Not the most comfortable shoe ever, in fact they require some break-into. I agree with the other commenter that it's really very narrow, and the felt strip at the back of my shoe peels off when I try putting them on (they're stuck with glue). Would recommend other better shoes.
B0058XH4L2 Great Shoe Fits and walks like a sneaker, but still looks dressy enough to wear to work.As always, Puma is Great!!!!
B0058XH4L2 My favorite flat shoe I just love Puma Zandy flats.  They are so comfortable and very stylish.  I found they run on the smaller side and I have a wide foot.  I love the colors Puma does in this shoe.  I would highly recommend his shoe.  I frequently have gotten compliments on this shoe.  I also think the quality is very good.
B0058XH4L2 great casual slip on shoe Love this shoe! This is my thrid pair. Good support. Great for sidewalk walking, running to the grocery, around the house. Not clunky like my running sneakers. Just right to slip into a suitcase for travel and exploring a cobblestone city.
B0058XH4L2 comfy & cute Great slip-on ballet/tennis shoe that's comfortable, cute and perfect for casual occasions.  I suggest wearing them in a little, walking like an hour at a time, before going out on a long outing, as you could ankle chafing when they're new.  I also normally wear a 7.5 so they may run a little big, I just didn't want my heel shifting, causing chafing by the shoe.
B0058XH4L2 Cute and fun! These shoes are great.  They are nice run around shoes.  One thing that might be of concern is that the shoe tapers in at the toes.  if you have wide toes this is not the shoe for you.  I didn't notice it in the pictures, but I definitely noticed when I received the shoes.  I wasn't sure about the fit so I ordered up a half size which is a 9.5 instead of a 9.  They are a little loose, but you can adjust with the velcro strap, and that helped a lot.These are not as comfortable as I would have hoped they would be, but I think with time either the shoe will get more comfortable or I will adjust.  I would recommend these shoes with the caveats I've laid out.
B0058XH4L2 Cute, but... There's slightly more support and definitely more sole cushioning with this shoe than with many flats. And the colors are appealing. (I chose the Lime to match an outfit.) However, this shoe style seems to run just a bit less than a half size small. The problem with going with the next half size up is that then stitching all around the top tends to rub more, particularly in heel. I always wear a 6.5 but went with the 7 figuring I could add something if it proves uncomfortable.
B0058XH4L2 Nice shoe I was looking for a shoe that was comfortable, did not look like a sneaker and did not have laces.  Found it.  Can pass as a pair of flats with jeans/casual pants
B0058XH4L2 Comfy flat shoe There isn't a lot of cushioned support if that is what you are looking for. This a comfy flat shoe. I wear it around all day with my baby doing errands and enjoying the outdoors. It's comfy, versatile, and great for regular use.
B0058XH4L2 Comfortable and stylish! I would highly recommend this shoe, both for it's comfort and appearance. I was looking for a shoe that would look great with jeans but also be comfortable enough to spend the day walking around town. I found it with this Puma ballet slipper.
B0058XH4L2 Cute Shoe Very cute shoe, looks nice on. It took some breaking in before I could wear them comfortably. Once I broke them in I enjoyed them.
B0058XH4L2 Very disappointed after paying this price I bought these to throw in my backpack for a comfortable shoe to wear on vacation in France. I read all the reviews on them and ordered a half size up like many suggested.  They were so uncomfortable I threw them out.  Very disappointing for the price I paid for them. I was better off bringing my $9 flats!
B0058XH4L2 Easy fit Shoe is mesh and leather.  Combination makes shoe soft and comfortable roght out of the box.  Great design and logos are not too prominent.  Great casual shoe.
B0058XH4SA Puma Great Product I have been wearing the Puma Faas 550 since January of this year. I love the shoe very comfort for long runs light on your feet. It feel like you are not wearing no shoe at all. I wish they had more colors to choose from. I also wear Bolt Faas 400 for track workout. Compare to other major brand I like Puma shoes the best.This fantastic shoe is light flexible and supportive with a fast feel.
B0058XH4SA Great shoe Shoe is very light, and colorful. I did not realize the color was that bright, but I am satisfied. I will be using this shoe for walk/running.
B0058XH4SA Puma faas 550 The shoe is a perfect fit.  Excellent running shoe. Great price. The  shoe also looks  really cool.I was also very pleased with the on line service from Amazon. Thanks
B0058XH5D4 definitely not made for a wider foot I had such high hopes for these super cute shoes, but once they arrived, I quickly realized that they were going to have to go back.  The shoe is quite narrow for starters, so the toe box looked overstuffed once my foot was in there.  I also have a hard time with too much pressure on the top of my foot when it comes to shoe wear....there was NO way I was going to be able to wear these for an entire day, let alone to work out in.  The tongue part of the shoe is acutally all one piece combined with the rest of the shoe--it actually goes on like a water shoe, then you tighten the laces up over it.  Definitely not for me.  There was no way to make it any looser to accomodate my quirky sensory issues with shoe wear.  Bummer.
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable, better than being barefoot I received these shoes today, and immediately put them on for a trial wear around the house. I was cooking and cleaning, thought this would give me a good idea of how much support these shoes offer, and if they rubbed anywhere uncomfortably, before I took them out on the street/to the gym.Let me say I LOVE the colors. They are super bright, and make me feel good.The 'unibody' construction- where the tongue is a part of the body of the shoe- very interesting. I find it to be more comfortable than a regular running shoe with a loose tongue. The laces just snug down over the top of your foot, but even without them tied down, the shoe does fit pretty snugly. The support is good, the base of the shoe feels nice and firm, not wobbly or like I'll roll my ankle.I have fairly narrow heels, and these don't slip. Love them. Thanks, Puma!Oh, and the packaging was cute- even says 'clever little bag' on the side. It's made of the recycled plastic fabric, like so many shopping bags, and the box only has the bottom part- no lid. This says it reduces paper by some large margin. Yay, Puma for being environmentally aware.
B0058XH5D4 Love the colors of this shoe! Comfortable fit. Have not had a chance to exercise in them yet, but I love the vibrant colors of this shoe. Worth every penny.
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoe! I have a really high arch so it's hard for me to find good &#34;work out&#34; shoes, but these are super comfortable and a great price! I bought the same shoe in a different color too.
B0058XH5D4 pretty shoe Love the way they look, but they are a little hard to put on your foot because of the tounge being sewn into the shoe. But other than that they are really comfy & I love the bright pink. I bought this as a daily deal and am glad that I got them at a discount otherwise I would probably send them back because of the struggle of putting them on, maybe after they are broken in a little more it will get easier.
B0058XH5D4 Great Running Shoe! I was excited to receive my first pair of PUMAs.  First, they are absolutely beautiful shoes! I love the style and color.  The fabric lets your feet breath.  I love that the tongue of the shoe is attached; it makes for a much sleeker look on the feet.  I started using this on the elliptical and treadmill.  This shoe is great for forward movements such as the elliptical and treadmill.  However, I did try to use these while doing Turbo Jam (which involves a lot of punching, kicking and dancing moves)... I found these shoes did not support the side to side movements and jumping as well as my ASICS.  Perhaps if PUMA had a cross trainer they would support my ankles a bit more.  Given that they are called a running shoe... they fit the description perfectly.  Great running shoe!
B0058XH5D4 Very cute and comfortable! These shoes are true to size and super comfortable. Lots of padding makes them great for plyometrics/aerobic activity at the gym. I was looking for a shoe like this for my high impact/intensity BodyStep class and this shoe fits the bill. It's also very bright and fun and I've gotten lots of compliments on them. Great shoes!
B0058XH5D4 The Puma name speak for itself Wish I could still get this shoe, really do not like the bright colors, I wear size 7 and this shoe fits perfect.
B0058XH5D4 My Puma'a Like any onther new shoe they needed to wore in a little bit, but after a couple waearing them Ilove them and would highly recremend  them.
B0058XH5D4 Shoes are tight and I bought a size up All the reviews on the Puma Women's Votaic 3 NM2 Running Shoe indicated that the sizes ran small. I usually wear a 9 but I thought I'd try a 9.5 following the advice of the reviewers. The shoes arrived promptly and are quite nice looking.  The tongue of the shoe is not loose but sewn to the shoe on 3 sides with only a slight bit of give on each side. I have a high arch and it is a bit of a struggle to get my feet into the shoes. If I had ordered my normal 9, it would have been impossible.  With the shoestrings loosened as far as they can be loosened  the shoe fits but it would not fit anyone who has a wider foot. The lengths is not more than a hair longer than a normal 9 and in my opinion, the width is almost a Narrow.Once I have achieved wearing the shoe, they are quite comfortable and fit well whether walking or running. The arch support is good and they feel great.  I usually wear light weight footwear and I definitely notice the weight of theses shoes once I put them on, but that's just me, I think. The shoes are probably no heavier than any other running shoe.In summary, they fit VERY small for a 9.5 and the sewn in tongue makes it quite difficult to get the shoes on. I can't imagine what the designer's intent was in making the tongue practically immobile.  I'm not a runner so I can't speak to how well they perform in that area.  All in all, I don't think I'd buy these again because of the design and fit.
B0058XH5D4 Shoes Puma wWomen's Voltaic # NM Running Shoe is a good fitting, shoe that supports the foot with a unique design that I really like.  I can wear this shoe all day and do not feel my feet or legs getting tired.  My feet feel comfortable, supported and ready for action!  Besides the colors are really cool.
B0058XH5D4 Feels Good, Looks Good I love this shoe for the fit and the color. This is by first purchase of an non white or black athletic shoe and I love it.
B0058XH5D4 Nice This shoe is light. I love the colors. The tongue is one with the upper part of the shoe. I like not having to adjust it repeatedly.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Shoe I like the shoe.  My only dislike is that the  tongue is 1 solid piece & this makes them a little hard to put on.  Once you get them stretched out a little they are fine.
B0058XH5D4 AMAZING SHOES! These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! They feel so nice and the quality is amazing! And the color is gorgeous! I've had SO many compliments on these. I don't use them to work out in because I don't want to do anything to speed up the &#34;wearing-out&#34; process. I want to have these for a long time! Every time I wear these I get a compliment. The size I got was perfect, but I definitely recommend trying these on somewhere if you can. I found them here at my local shoe carnival, and they didn't have the size I needed so I tried one that looked very similar just to be sure I ordered the right size. These shoes have a &#34;tongue&#34; but it's built into the shoe (meaning it's sewn into the sides) and because of it you might need a different size than you usually wear. If you can find one similar and try it on, do it! Overall LOVE LOVE these shoes and would recommend to anyone!
B0058XH5D4 Great sneakers! These sneakers are phenomenal.  They fit my feet perfectly and I could not ask for a better shoe.  I am a Nike size 7 all day long and I ordered a 7.5 in these.  So glad that I did because they are cute a little small.  The tongue of the shoe being attached is EXCELLENT because it does not slip around while running.  Best shoes ever! LOVE them.
B0058XH5D4 great looking shoe, wish there was a way to get it  on. Opening too small to get your foot into. The way the tongue is sown into the sides  of the  shoe makes it almost impossible to get on.
B0058XH5D4 Clunky But Cute I purchased these as Amazon's Deal of Day so they were significantly cheaper than normal. They are very appealing to the eye, great color combination. They seem bulkier than my other running shoes though. They fit well and sizing is similar to other brands of running shoes (I ordered up a half size).  Also, the tongue isn't adjustable. The shoe is more of a slip-on. Overall, good purchase but probably wouldn't purchase them again at full price.
B0058XH5D4 Attached tongue The tongue f the shoe is attached so the tightness around the ankle can't be changed; some days they're too tight.  The rest of the shoe is great, the sole is comfortable and they feel good for running; but, if you're retaining water or anything they're not ideal
B0058XH5D4 Nice shoes, but they run small. I can always rely on the fact that I wear a size 7. The tongue of these shoes is attached to the side of the shoe. Therefore, it makes it rather difficult to get your foot in the shoe if you have thicker socks (or an ankle brace) on. After being worn a few times they losen up a bit. I did order a 7 but I probably could have gone with a 7 1/2. If you have a wider foot (even in the slightest) I would certainly order a size up.
B0058XH5D4 fits well, good grip I chose a half size up(7.5 to 8) and this fit perfectly. The tongue is fixed and that makes it a little hard to get the shoe in and I guess I have to get used to it. Otherwise very comfortable once on and like the colors.
B0058XH5D4 Voltaic 3NM Pink Just couldn't make myself like this shoe.  Fit felt bulky, not comfortable.  Not a great shoe, I did keep it and will wear it just around the home.
B0058XH5D4 Cute but..... First the plus. Love the color, comfortable shoe, light weight and super cute! Downsides no traction at all and the cloth near the toe (the plastic wrap around the toe w the puma on it) ripped in under a month and not just on my shoe I have a male co worker with the same design shoe (puma brand) his did the same as did my sons shoe same rip in the same place.. OddHowever I do love the shoe got it at a great price on another site but dont think I will buy another as I do not enjoy having to buy shoes every month. So now I wear them as a work shoe (Im a chef) and I dont have to worry will people notice the little part where the white "stuffing"(if you will) is showing
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable, but feet step out of the heal of the shoe... These were extremely comfortable shoes!  They have a very unique &#34;tongue&#34; that is a little snug (built in) and hard to squeeze the foot into the shoe.  I really loved the fit and feel, but when I walked around the house in them, the heals of my feet rose significantly out of the back of the shoe.  I gave them a couple of days on the carpet, but I could tell they wouldn't stay on as well as I needed them to.  I was disappointed, but returned them.  I really wanted them to work, as they were super comfortable all-around.  I did need to order a full size up for a good fit, as most of the other reviews stated.
B0058XH5D4 Not bad for the price I can't say that they are the most comfortable shoe (I usually get Asics). But these are really cute and worth the price I paid. ($45).
B0058XH5D4 too molded looking Not pleased with these - especially for the cost. The colors were pretty but the shoe was very disappointing, They will be returned.
B0058XH5D4 PUMA SO comfortable, feels a little different at first, since the tongue of the shoe is attached to the body of the shoe, but after a few minutes, they are now my favorite shoes.  I am ordering in more colors!!!
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe, a little on the small side though. I have never gotten Puma shoes before, but really wanted a pair for a while. Finally Amazon had a sale, and I was all for it. I got the pink/coral color ones, they are absolutely cute! One minor thing tho, in all shoes I normally get size 9, never have I ever had to gone up a size in shoes. The thing about these shoes, is the tounge part of the shoe (under the laces) it attached to the shoe, it's hard to explain. I actually had my boyfriend wear them around for 10-15 mins and run around with them so they can stretch out and now they fit fine. I would of went up a 1/2 size, but didn't want to go through the hassel of exhanging/returning. Other than that, there super cute and comfy!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE IT. LOVE IT. love the packaging it was very nice. price was good for the shoe, it looks great very stylish and trendy, fits great, true to size, great foot support. I got it for my friend, she was the envy of everyone. She loved it!!!
B0058XH5D4 good shipping time, good quality shoe, but i got these for my daughter and when i opened them i thought they looked a little big so i checked the size..they were seven and a half like they were suppposed to be but when i held them up against my eight and a half nike they were almost the same size! very hard to tell the difference. also i didnt realize the tongue was fixed in place so if you have a wider foot they would be harder to get on. but she loves the look and the comfort of the shoe so we kept them anyway and we are happy
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe Great light shoe. You might consider ordering a half size larger if you are going to wear socks. My wife uses them for her exercise class.
B0058XH5D4 Love this shoe I found this shoe to be extremely comfortable and true to size. I really liked the fact that tongue is sewn in place, so it doesn't move around and bunch up. I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 Like a glove These shoes are awesome. I usually wear a 7 and this shoe is true to size. It has a tongue under the laces that is sewn in so it doesn't move. Highly recommended.
B0058XH5D4 Good shoe for a good price I bought these for my first 5K.  I enjoyed that one so much I will be doing them more often.  This shoe was perfect.  It's lightweight and comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 Love the Puma Womens Voltaic Running Shoe I love this shoe. I was looking for a shoe that would proivide support and &#34;cush&#34; at the same time. This shoe fits the ticket! PLus, I love the teaberry red & flourescent peach color. Lots of compliments.
B0058XH5D4 What A Sneaker!! Great looking shoe!!  Feels great and looks good too!!  The photo of this sneaker was exact to what I received!!  Just love thelook!
B0058XH5D4 great shoe i love the shoe but i didnt know the tongue of the shoe is connected to the entire shoe, the shoe is kind of tight! I got the size up like recommended but still tight!
B0058XH5D4 TERRIBLE The shoe is made like they forget to finish it.  There isn't enough room to get your foot in the shoe - so it is going back.  Don't waste your money like i did!!
B0058XH5D4 Puma These shoes are very comfortable! The colors are amazing on it and the inside of the shoe is soft and fits perfectly!
B0058XH5PM Great The pictures you see here for this shoe are sharp and great looking, but they do not do this shoe any justice. I am a pretty big puma fan, but thats because I set my standards for comfort and feel, mostly. These shoes are a great purchase and if you are second guessing yourself if you should buy them or not JUST BUY THEM! I love them. I want another pair. You won't regret this shoe! I know your eye's get stary, when you see ferrari!
B0058XH5PM Great Barber Shoe I have been looking for a comfortable shoe to wear all day at the Barbershop and have had success with Puma.My only problem was collecting hair in the laces. This shoe solves that problem.As usual, white tennis shoes turn dirty quicker...
B0058XH5PM Not Bad Well i read someone elses review, &#34;if i was thinking about getting this shoe but wasn't sure, to just buy it&#34; so i ended up getting the shoe. It seams like a nice sleek shoe. Only trouble i have w/ the shoe is how narrow it is. The length is fine of the shoe. Just the edges of my foot feel like they're hanging off the side of the insole. I guess if you have a high arch then you might need a inserted arch support. Not a bad shoe so far...we'll see how long they last.
B0058XH5PM puma like the shoe but need to break it in, it a little tight for an 8 hour day besides that it is good
B0058XH5PM Great shoe for the money Everything was just as offered.  Great shoe for the money, on time delivery, good price, good fit.  And I look pretty cool walking around town in these puppies.  And least I think so and that's all that matters.
B0058XH5PM Sharp looking shoe at a good price So far so good! Looks great. Price was good. I would look at ordering another pair when the time comes.
B0058XH5PM Puma tergament sport sneakers Runs small,so had together 1 size bigger. Love the shoe very comfortable. Glad to find a men's slip on shoe.
B0058XH5PM Great shoe My husband loves Puma.  He has tried several of their styles in a size 14.  Many of them are too tight, but this style works for him in a 14.  He has another style from them in a slip on as well that works in a 14.  They are a comfortable, casual shoe that he enjoys wearing.
B0058XH5PM Something Wrong With Sizing I have a pair of PUMA running shoes that are the best ever.  These shoes left a couple of inches from my big toe to the end of the shoe.  They have my size on the shoe but it can't be.  Very disappointed in PUMA>
B0058XH5PM LOVE PUMA Well as I do wear a size 14 Puma is the only shoe that I have found that allows me to order online and not have to worry about them fitting properly. I have been wearing PUMA for years now and when I receive them I open up the box step in the shoe and go with no problems. So I would recommend PUMA shoes to men with larger feet definitely!! Thanks PUMA and keep designing because I will buy especially when I can get them on SALE
B0058XH5PM Couldn't get a good fit I don't know, maybe my feet are just too big for this style shoe. I found that my long toes just couldn't get comfortable. As fashion, these are nice. If its the look you want. But I was looking for shoes with proper padding and support: A real athletic shoe.  These were ok to look at, but they didn't support or pad like an athletic shoe should.
B0058XH5PM Terrible sizing I am always a 10 - in any shoe and specifically all the many Puma's I have bought.  I exchanged them for 10.5's and these were also too small.  I then tried to exchange them for 11's but could not since they raised the price.  So now I just returned them for good.
B0058XH5PM Great looking shoe I originally saw these shoes in JC Penneys and fell in love with them.. I normally wear a size 10.5 shoe and Penney's had an 11 to try on. To my surprise they were  tight and I was afraid they wouldn't stretch enough to be comfortable. JC Penneys didn't have any larger sizes in stock, so I took to Amazon.com to see if they had size a 11.5 available. Not only was I able to purchase the 11.5 size, but i saved 15 dollars including shipping over the cost at Penneys. The fit was great and wore them in evening while walking around Disney World for the weekend. I didn't get these shoes as an athletic shoe, I bought this shoe to wear casually with jeans. I'm not a fan of the looks of skechers so this is a great alternative. The looks are awesome and I received many compliments from people about them.
B0058XH5PM very nice were somewhat tight at first but have since become the shoe i wear most often. good buy. i like them.
B0058XH854 Great Shoe I love this shoe...the colors are great and they're extremely comfortable, especially when wearing for a long period of time.
B0058XH854 bulky and heavy. i hate this shoe show much. the picture look slender and fashionable but the actual shoe is bulky and they are so heavy. i stopped wearing them because my boyfriend called them my barney shoes...yikes!
B0058XH854 Daughter loved the look. They are a nice looking shoe. Not an ideal choice for running in. No flex in the front of the shoe and next to no shock absorption. My husband wears them (Puma brand shoe) for general wear to work, which I think is fine. Our foot doctor suggested other shoes.....which although are not as nice looking as these...much more comfortable.
B0058XH854 Almost Perfect The first pair of real athletic shoes I ever wore were Pumas.  I've strayed here and there throughout the years, but I always end up coming back to Puma.  They make a quality product, that is true to size and fits my 'average-but-I-need-a-little-extra-support' foot very well.  No surprise, I'm highly pleased with this shoe.  I love the fit, the support and the colors.  The shoe looks a bit 'chunky' on my foot, but it fits well, so I can't really complain.  I love the fact that the inside is all one piece, and the tongue is not separate.  No worrying about the tongue moving around while I'm running/lifting/walking the dog.  The sole doesn't have a great deal of grip, so I would not recommend these for trail running or hiking.  Otherwise, they're fantastic for the gym & running/walking in the neighborhood.  Plus, the packaging is fantastic.  Minimal cardboard and a cute red reusable bag that's perfect for putting the shoes in so they don't dirty up the gym bag.  Thanks, Puma, for another great shoe!  I'll be a lifelong customer.
B0058XH854 Thank you Puma! I love these shoes!  They are advertised as a running shoe but I don't find them to be very comfortable when on the treadmill.  The toe has a hard almost plastic piece and there isn't much cushion in the back but for an everyday shoe, oh yes!  I am a nanny and I also run a business in the evening so I spend a lot of time on my feet and these shoes are just fantastic.  I will be purchasing more for sure.
B0058XH854 Excellent Choice!!! This shoe is comfortable and light weight.  GREAT SHOE and GREAT Color GREAT Choice!!!!! Glad I ordered the 11 instead of my normal 10.  I seem to need an 11 when ordering running shoes.
B0058XH854 Perfect! Love them! I love these shoes! They are exactly as described. They are comfortable and I love that the tongue is attached to the side of the shoe. I hate when the tongue goes to the side and with this shoe, that never happens! I have been exercising for a week now with these and have had no issues. The color is exactly what it shows on the site.I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a good running shoe. They are made well and very stylish. I love my Pumas!
B0058XH854 size the shoe it self is great and an awesome color but the hole where your foot goes in does not stretch and makes the shoe very hard to even get on
B0058XHACK the best shoe on earth i love this shoe i really wanted to get these shoes they wear and feel good  my feet are swollen so i cant wear closed shoes i give the rateing a ten star
B0058XHCDM In love I've worn these shoes everyday since receiving them. Couldn't have asked for a better shoe! I was just looking for a comfortable casual shoe, and this fit perfectly. Just wish they had more colors that I liked.
B0058XHCDM Like the Feel You have to like the minimalism of the shoe.  I do.  I love the ever so slight raise in the heel. I can't believe how comfy they are with so little "technology " in them.  Do but a half size up for socks.
B0058XHCDM Decent, lightweight shoe. This is the first pair of sneakers I've bought myself in almost 10 years. I figured since I spent a decent amount of money on my last pair and they lasted so long, I ought to go ahead and spring for a more expensive shoe than I would normally buy. These are a little more lightweight than I'd anticipated, but so far they're holding up nicely. The tongue is thin nylon covered foam, as are the sections of shoe that aren't suede. They're quite comfortable for walking, but I wouldn't recommend them for running or any kind of sport related activity. Size runs true to the sizing chart, plenty of room for the toes. Hoping they continue to hold up, but so far I'm quite satisfied with them.
B0058XHCDM Great Shoe My daughter walks all over and this shoe has been great for her.  It is comfortable and flexible.  She loves it.
B0058XHCDM My Gym Shoe Bought it for using it at the gym, and so far used it 2 times.I had a hard time picking a shoe as I'm really really not into all the shiny colors of athletic shoes.. So this one is perfect! VERY comfortable, simple and stylish at the same time. I'm happy with my purchase!Also, I'm 8.5 and the shoe is true to size. Spot on.
B0058XHEBM great shoe and service Its a tight fit so you should order a size bigger. Other thsn that everything is perfect and I got the shoe when it was expected
B0058XHEBM mice great looking and great feeling shoe.  you can't beat the price either.  i would recommend to any one lookong for new pumas
B0058XHEBM Very small shoes - like for elf feet Way, way, to narrow. More a 9.5 than a 10.5. Puma should be embarrassed to produce such junk. It seems that many of the major popular shoe companies have failed to establish a unified shoe size. The concept that a shoe &#34;last&#34; is standardized is long gone. Though I have found Ecco to be very consistent in their shoe sizes - a 44 is a 44.
B0058XHEBM Comfortable, lightweight shoe Lately, I'm favoring PUMA over many other brands of sneakers.The size fit as expected. The shoe feels somewhat flimsily put together, but they are very lightweight and comfortable. Moreover, the shoe looks good with most types of casual pants including skinny jeans, straight legs, Levis 501 and 550, or cargo pants. I only wish they came with thicker laces, but a trip to Modell's easily remedies that gripe. Oh, I bought the white/black style, so cleaning was required almost after the first wear. For this reason, I limit how often I wear them, and consider WHERE I'm going to be wearing them.
B0058XHEBM Great shoe Love this shoe!! Fits as expected!! My son said they are the most comfortable shoes he has had. Very impressed.
B0058XHEBM Nice looking shoes Although i am pleased with the color and design of the shoe, i would suggest to those with  feet a little wider than the average guy to maybe order a half size bigger. The shoe is light weight, comfortable and goes with almost anything, for that i give it 4 stars, hope it last me more than 6 months, especially how i'm planing to wear it occasionally. Hope this helps. . . .
B0058XHEBM nice shoe Nice shoe goes good with some levis or shorts.  I can pretty much wear them with anything ot anywere I go
B0058XHEBM Comfortable cushioning in shoe. Very easy to wear but kind of cheap looking. I only wear them to gym.  Cheap look limits wearing them as normal shoe
B0058XHEBM Puma Great shoe but buy big...it is snug....
B0058XHEBM Great shoe! Size is perfect and the shoe looks great and feels good.  Didn't have to break them in, just put them on and they felt great.
B0058XHEBM Walking on Air! Shoe fits great. I was nervous buying Puma on-line because of how Pumas usually fit but this shoe is amazingly comfortable and fits to the T and is so light its like walking on air. Definitely will be ordering other colors!
B0058XHEBM Great shoe but small This shoe run pretty tight for my size so get a size bigger . . . . . . .
B0058XHEBM Decent Looking at pictures of merchandise (shoes) always look better than the actual received product. The shoe feels rather fragile, if that makes sense. There are creases in in the leather which makes it look like someone has tried on the shoe and walked around in it for an extended period of time, or that the shoe may have been pre-owned. Nevertheless, it is a SHOE after all and it looks cool on my feet. I like the product.
B0058XHEBM classy looking This is a classy looking shoe that i bought for my husband. The downsize of this shoe is that it fits a bit slim, therefore persons wearing a 10M, may need to buy a half or whole size bigger.
B0058XHEBM grrrrrrreat! Great shoe.  Fits great.  Feels great.  Looks great.  Was on the fence for a bit when deciding to grab this shoe...glad I did
B0058XHEBM Great shoe As a all around athletic shoe and walker this model is great...comfy, lightweight....Pumas are the best I have ever tried.
B0058XHEBM NICE SHOE SHOE FITS EXTREAMLY WELL I LOVE THE WAY IT FITS CANT WAIT TO WEAR ON CRUISE AND EVERYDAY. WOULD ORDER SEVERAL PAIRS IN VARIOUS COLORS. RECOMMENDYOU GETTING A PAIR.
B0058XHEBM Romas I Couldn't find this shoe anywhere. Great shoe. Awesome shoe. I look amazing in them. It's incredible. I'm incredible. Wow.
B0058XHEBM great shoe I bought it for someone he loved it he said that it fitted him very good with ease it is a great buy
B0058XHEBM Puma Sneakers The puma sneakers is a good looking shoes and seems to fit well. I've worn them only twice but I think they will work out just fine for me as  an alternative shoe I would recommend the shoe.
B0058XHQN8 shoe scam &#34;the sole of the shoe took off with little use&#34; tremendous scam, for the trouble caused by the sole of the shoe is made &#8203;&#8203;in the trash.
B0058XHQN8 Are these really a running shoe? These shoes came and are slightly less wide than the Puma running shoes I currently wear. They also feel less stable. Inside this shoe is printed &#34;fitness&#34; as opposed to the running shoe I have, which has &#34;running&#34; printed inside of them (this is only my second pair of Pumas, so I'm not sure this is germain). That aside . . . Looking for a shoe that offers great support? Give this pair a pass.
B0058XHQN8 Great Walking shoe Bought this to do daily walking now that the weather is warming up. Very comfortable and nice price.Will buy again.
B0058XHQN8 Not the most comfortable cross trainer I bought this shoe for combat and step class and on the recommendations of the reviews and a fitness magazine. They are lightweight provide cushion but my foot slips around the shoe just a little bit. The inside strap that wraps around my foot isn't very snug. The top part is very stiff and cuts around my foot/ankle where I tie them and it just downright uncomfortable. I have tried re-lacing them as well as retyping them several times during class. Not very happy at all.
B0058XHQN8 support The shoe has a lot of support. Love the shoe, and if you do a lot of stand this tennis shoe would be for you.
B0058XHSMC Great Stylish Shoe for a Great Price Now a days I have a really hard time finding a modern stylish shoe with support and shoelaces. (I hate slip ons!) This shoe stays true to its' size, hides dirt pretty well, is comfy, and super flexible! I've only had them for about a month but so far I recommend them for any one wanting an awesome quality, comfy, non-slip on shoe!
B0058XHY3K Good look n shoe! Stylish, comfortable and looks exactly as pictured. Classic Pumas are my favorite shoe and I love that they come in a variety of colors.
B0058XHY3K Great Shoe Very comfortable shoe, well made you can smell the leather after removal from the box(not always the case with other brands)
B0058XHY3K Niceeeee Good looking shoe. Sweet
B0058XHY3K Five Stars Perfect shoe I love it!
B0058XIHF4 Great Shoe! This shoe is very comfortable, and durable!  The shoe is attractive, and great for walking!  I would recommend these shoes to anyone because it can be used for multiple purposes!
B0058XIQNC Great shoe Comfortable and easy to exercise in!! They don't hurt my toes like many other sneakers.Love the colors!! Shipment came fast.
B0058XIVRS LOVE THEM!!! Just love this shoe!!So much so, I bought two pairs. They are comfortable and very light and give me great support.I can wear them all day and not even feel it.They are really an energizing shoe and I am so grateful I found them.
B0058XIVRS Comfortable for wide feet too!!! Should have gone a half size bigger, as most reviews said to. But a great shoe, good traction. Good Buy
B0058XJ9VK the fabric is hard on the skin I bought this shoe hoping that it would be comfortable walking wearing it while traveling, but unfortunately when it arrived it was a bit larger than the size of my feet and the fabric was rough on my skin.in a nutshell, the shoe was no where near comfortable.Knowing Puma's shoes, I thought it would be more comfy :(
B0058XJH3U Puma comfort The Puma Voltaic Fashion shoe is quite comfortable, even for my rather wide foot. More of a walking shoe than for running a marathon.  Well recommended.
B0058XJJ88 Easy, comfortable shoe I'm really happy with this shoe. It's my second pair and I bought them because I wear my original shoes so much. While I haven't worn them for exercise, they are very comfortable and I can easily walk distances in them.  Look great with jeans.
B0058XJJ88 love it Love the shoe, arrived on time.  Its nice and breezy yet the sole is thick enough to run on sharp rocks without feeling them.  There were a few small imperfections such as threads sticking out, but nothing that affected the integrity of the shoe.
B0058XJJ88 Women's Puma H-Street Shoe The Puma H-Street is very comfortable and molds to your foot. Great for seniors who have arthritis. Another big plus is that it is very attractive and your foot does not look like a Klunker. The different colors are very stylish. Wearing this shoe makes you feel youthful and energized. It is a shoe for all ages. Don't miss out.
B0058XJJ88 This shoe has a last that fits my long narrow foot better. This shoe supplies support and at the same time is light weight and easy to wear.  Do not quit making this shoe.  Just make more colors.
B0058XJJ88 Great shoe, love it for walking around the house/office! While I do not feel it has ideal support for running/jogging, I love this shoe for walking around the house/office.
B0058XKUMM greatest shoe brand to me! Stylish, comfy, and fly my stlye my favorite shoe brand there's no other shoe for me love them love them!
B0058XKUMM classic shoe classic shoe without all the bling or rainbow colors.works perfectly with my work scrubs.listen to reviews buy half size larger for comfortable fit
B0058ZYXFA Excellent shoe with lots of room I have had a ton of shoes over the years... cheapies to $150 shoes.  The Puma Pumagility shoe is a really nice shoe for the money.  It runs plenty wide in the toe box and is very well cushioned.  The actual size seems right on as far as length goes.  The insole is not removable but appears to have lots of room for any special orthotics that you may need.  This shoe feels like a $80-$100 shoe.  Haven't had it long enough to know about the wear factor. I would suggest this shoe for very light running or cross fit type work.A great everyday knock around shoe.  In fact, I just bought a second pair the other day.
B005901UOG One of the best pairs of running shoes I've ever used As someone who runs or walks roughly three times a day, I would highly recommend these shoes. Support in an exercise shoe is of the utmost importance, and the Pumagility trainer has plenty of that. From the airy, thick pad that runs from heel to mid-foot to the secure, comfortable fit of the rest of the shoe, this pair leaves little to be desired. The fabric is soft and breathes - I hardly feel like I'm wearing anything at all on my feet. The colors are a little off-beat, so they are perfect for anyone looking for something different in their sportswear. The shoe strings are taut and stay tied (unlike a pair of Nikes that I constantly had to re-tie during the middle of my runs every fifteen minutes or so). My ankles and feet are completely supported. This is by far the best running shoe I've ever used, and I've gone through many different pairs from many different brands.
B005901UOG Runs .75 sizes too small; runs narrow; comfortable; no ankle support! I normally wear Asics or Reebok.  These became available and I ordered them on VINE.  I ordered a 9 (only size available), but I wear an 8.  They only feel .25 sizes big and they feel tight.  Thus, you should order .75 sizes up and if you have a wide foot you will NOT like this shoe.For example, you wear a 9 normally; you need to order a 9.75 or a 10 and you will feel about .25 inches too big which is fine since the shoe is so narrow that you will need the extra space.As for the look of the shoe, the LIME GREEN heel makes you noticeable to cars and such but clashes with ANY outfit you wear that is not lime green, purple, gray, or black.The shoe is very comfortable, but I don't feel any ankle support whatsoever.The cheapest part of the shoe is the purple stripe on the sides; it literally looks like someone from an arts and crafts school put those purple stripes on the side of the shoe.==Update: They work well for Zumba classes.Would I recommend?  SomewhatWOuld I buy them myself? No.
B005904BRE Snazzy kicks! I wanted something both nice to look at and supportive for walking/ cross-training.  Boy did I hit the nail on the head. This shoe is really sharp.  I got the black/silver metallics/dew berry. It is a snazzy shoe and is exactly as pictured. Great side support ( I have a wide foot) and sizing was right on.  I will absolutely be a repeat customer.
B005908V0M not loving them... These shoes look cool from the side of your foot, but from the front it looks like you are wearing a frankenstein shoe. Not flattering. I use them for BodyStep and they slip around on my foot and slip at the heel, no matter how tight I tie them.Oh, they are also sold as a "cross training " shoe, and it clearly says inside the shoe "running" shoe. Not what I wanted.Great for kicking around.
B00593XHS0 Purchased almost a year ago and still a great shoe!! My son gets compliments all the time on these.  They are so unique looking.  They are super easy for him to put on and off by himself but don't resemble the typical "Velcro shoe".  I have since gotten my son another pair of Pumas for the new school year, but I bought these just big enough that they actually still fit him.  The black is starting to rub off on the toes, but otherwise, they are still going strong.  Great, high quality shoe.
B00593Z57G Daughter loves them Bought these a month ago for my daughter since the local Puma outlet did not have her size. They are super cute and my daughter wouldn't stop running and jumping to illuminate the puma on the side. My daughter is a rough and tough tomboy and usually only wears sneakers, so the only complaint I have is the heel of the shoe has really worn down compared to other sneakers she has had. Which is crazy for only wearing them about a month. My younger daughter (1 1/2 y/o) has the same sneakers in a different color and the heels of her shoes are doing the same thing, so I feel it's something with the shoe rather then the child wearing them since my girls are polar opposites and the 1 1/2 y/o doesn't wear them nearly as much. For the price of the shoe I would have hoped for them to have held up a little better a little longer. Other then the worn heel the rest of the shoe has held up well.
B00594CZLO Comfy I love the dark red color and the texture of the corduroy vintge yet modern. I think its a rare shoe, i havent seen colors like it. It's absolutely my stylish easy slip on shoe.
B00594DJVO Nice Overall Shoe Great shoe only would be better if it was black, as dark as the picture at least, it instead is a normal chocolate brown color, i have an unboxing and review on youtube, so check it out
B00594E6ES Super comfy shoes. I have worn Sambas for the last few years and decided it was time for a change. I love these shoes. They fit more loosely than Sambas but not too much. I have had them for 6ish months now and they have worn well. I also love the suede on the shoe. I tend to not like the smooth leather look. The suede of this shoe is great and it doesn't scuff.
B00594E6ES Love My Puma Suedes&#8230;. I found my Puma EL Ace Suede sneakers at Ross, and bought them because they were in my size, I liked how they looked, and the price was right ($35). And I quickly grew to love how they felt! I have to say it's likely the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn. They're light, and feel almost like I'm wearing slippers. And with a very simple 8-eyelet per shoe lace arrangement, they're a cinch to slip on. I've found the heel wear to be average for a sneaker. But that's with wearing it as a work shoe from time to time, doing a lot of walking through grass, pavement, etc. and carrying things. And feet were happy all night.The lining has the feel and texture of a soft sweatshirt, which is nice and suits the comfort character of the shoe.After a night of walking through wet grass, the white soles have gotten dirty. But with a little soap and water, and some scrubbing with a sponge, they clean up fine. The toe has a diamond texture that traps dirt pretty well, so I use an old tooth brush to clean in there. Break-in time is pretty non-existent, and my Puma Suedes have held up nicely over the 6+ months I've worn them. And I would venture to say they edge out the venerable Converse All-Star for comfort. Plus they're just a really classy looking sneaker with no silly details. That's the only way I roll. I hope Puma never discontinues the EL Ace, because I would definitely like to make them a wardrobe staple.
B00595GMHG Nice looking shoe I really like this shoe. It is comfortable and stylish with my jeans. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because  the size of shoe was longer than other shoes in that size.
B00595GTJM Need a soft, cushy black shoe? This is it! I love this shoe - its soft, cushy and I can walk miles in it.  It also gives you that Audrey Hepburn feel without paying too much.  Highly recommend.
B00595HQ1W very satisfied SHOE FEELS GREAT, AND THE MATERIAL IS MORE OR LESS EASY TO CLEAN, VERY COMFORTABLE WHEN WALKING AND EASY TO SLIP ON AND OFF.
B00595JOOY Sleek Shoe Had I reviewed these shoes after the first day I'd warn them, it would have been a different review.I usually wear an 11 and there's some wiggle room, but these run a little small, like most Pumas.  They also run a little thin, so if you have a wide foot, this probably isn't the shoe for you.  So initially, they felt a little tight, and as the day went on, a little hot.After a few days of work, the shoe started feeling significantly more comfortable.  The shoe most certainly molds and stretches to your foot.DESIGN:This is a sleek shoe.  It's low cut(I hope you're not looking for ankle support), sharp, and modern. The orange stripe on the back is my only knock on the style.  The soul of the shoe has the same orange stripe.Speaking of the soul, the bounce I get from walking with these is almost like a running shoe.  So, if you need to run down a thief, and look good while you're doing it, this is the shoe for you.I am definitely happy I didn't return the shoe, even though I was considering it after day one.  I would recommend them. (as would my wife)
B00595JOOY Great shoe, great look, great price. This shoe looks sleek, feels great, and is definitely worth the price. I ended up saving $40 by purchasing it off Amazon.
B00595JOOY Best buy Best shoe I have ever won very comfortable,light and easy on your feet as you can adjust the tightness on your feet
B00595JOOY Nice looking shoe. I am liking this shoe. FIts well. I was scared that it wouldnt fit but it fit my size 13 right now.
B00595JOOY Great looking Shoe It is a great looking shoe and fits very well. Be careful with these shoes though, as they are delicate and are showing signs of wear on the leather with very little use.
B00595JOOY Perfect dress shoe My fellow employees want this pair but in ladies style.  Could not find such shoe for women.  I Thank you.
B00595JOOY Great shoe! Great fit and love the style.
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano Nice looking shoe but is a little tight for the wider foot, length is ok for size 14.  I am trying shoe stretchers to see if I can widen it out some.  The shoe is almost feminine looking when not wearing the proper attire, don't wear this shoe when wearing shorts or cut-offs, you might be questioned - - - - - - --- -- ---lol.
B00595JOOY comforte shoe It is really comfort shoe i prefer this item to all customer. I like puma brand however this is the best of the best.
B00595JOOY Nice Shoe I wear normally a 12 but I know puma shoes normally run a bit small so I ordered a 13 and it is still a bit snug but not unbearable. Great looking shoe with a nice fit. I would buy this shoe again.
B00595JOOY Feels like a sneaker looks like a fashion shoe I got this shoe for my husband who travels. He needs to slip the shoe on and off at the airport with ease, walk distances comfortably while out traveling, and look a little dressy while he was doing it. This shoe seems to fit. The only complaint so far is that despite his narrow feet (and these shoes are narrow) we had to return the size he regularly gets for a half size larger, which is the perfect size. -1 star for the annoyance of having to return the gift to get the larger size.
B00595JOOY Perfect style and comfort This shoe is very comfortable despite it's appearances enough so that I can walk for hours on end with no discomfort. The style also elevates it to that of a dressier shoe while maintaining the ease of motion of a running shoe.
B00595JOOY Looks Amazing!! Its comfortable. Fit is perfect, im 8.5D (M).The shoe looks so professional. It can pass as a dress shoe. Yet it feels like a walking sneaker. Very sleek and as the name says 'fashionable'Im a med student and it helps with the look for rotations, group meetings, comfy and classy.
B00595JOOY Great for dress or casual--but be sure to order at least one size larger than usual. Velcro is such a great idea for shoes; why then does it seem to invite styling from the orthopedic shoe world?  You won't have that problem with these Vedanos: they are sleek, stylish, and combine the fleet footed look of a sneaker with the richness of an Italian dress shoe.  I can't address durability yet, but I've been wearing them for nearly a month and they still look like new.  Yet they've also broken in nicely, and are very comfortable (much more like an athletic than a dress shoe).  That, however, brings up the most important caveat: yes, as one reviewer noted, the leather does stretch a bit, like a glove, to become form fitting.  But leather can only stretch so much, and these sizes are a full notch smaller than expected.  I wear 11 1/2 to 12D, and bought a 13, which fits beautifully (thank you, prior reviewers!) but with thin socks and no room to spare whatsoever.  Also, keep an eye out for price fluctuation: this was an unbelievable buy at my purchase price of $61.85, but just 4 weeks later, I note that the price for the exact same shoe has leapt up to $77.00!
B00595JOOY love the design, and feel I love the design, and feel, my only negative is the tip bends and wrinkles very easily, so a good shoe form is necesary to keep this shoe in good shape
B00595JOOY Awesome shoe Comfortable , looks really nice with a pair of dark/formal jeans. It's like having a dressy shoe and a sneaker at the same time.
B00595JOOY Nice shoe I bought this shoe for a work shoe in a fine dinning restaurant.  It fits like a tennis shoe, and looks like a dress shoe.Only issue is that my dress pants get hooked under the heel and I walk on the pant leg.
B00595JOOY Drift Only because of the tightness of this particular shoe.Nice looking puma shoe,but on the next go round.The size will be alot larger.
B00595JOOY fits like a Puma Fits like a tennis show, but looks like a dress shoe. They are a little snug, even after breaking them in, but they still fit great overall.
B00595JOOY Shoe ok They were great shoes but just too big had to return, order a 11.5 probably could have used a 11
B00595JOOY Fashion shoe Very nice design. Definitely a fashion shoe. Ok in comfort. Material is so so but i expected that for the price.
B00595JOOY Great shoe design and construction The shoe is very comfortable and the design and look is very nice. It's casual for everyday wear and it feels as comfortable as a gym shoe. I have only one compaint, the sizing runs very small, im a 10.5 and i had to order a 11.5, it's a narrow show with not much toe room. But once you get the right size it feels and looks great. i would highly recommend.
B00595JOSK Great shoe just order a size bigger Read some of the reviews about this great looking shoe. I normally wear size ten but I ordered a size bigger and it fit perfectly. Great shoe at a really good price ..
B00599CWYO Ordered a half size larger than I wear and am very happy ! Most comfortable running shoe Ive had in a long time. Great on the trails or street.  Very stylish for those who care about style.
B00599DBJO Returned These seem like a great shoe, but i returned them only due to them not being enough support for my personal preference. I didn't realize they were more of a track shoe and not a running or workout shoe.  Excellent traction though, but not for me.
B00599E1GQ Liked the Shoe! I'm a PUMA follower so I like just about anything Puma puts out. This shoe is an indoor version of the shoe of the same style but with cleets. Pumas usually run narrow and this shoe was no exception. They also run about 1 size smaller than what I usually wear but in this style I had to order it 2 sizes larger for it to fit comfortably. In general everyone who likes Puma should take this into consideration when ordering.
B00599E1GQ Fast delivery,Great looking shoe I have gotten a lot of compliments from these shoes.I love the look of them,the green really sets this shoe off in my opinion.There still in my mind isn't any other shoe out there that can match these shoes in there design nor look the shoe gives off and I have had them for about to 2 months now.They are in still great condition with little wear and tear.They are in a league of there own.
B00599EBHK Great work shoe I'm on my feet most of the day and have to say this is one of the most comfortable and best looking shoes I've worn. I don't think I've ever gotten so many compliments for my footwear.
B00599EBHK Good shoe These shoes are light weight, comfortable and have excellent breathability a proper running shoe. Also you should note that these shoes wont keep your feet warm at all.
B0059BE484 A must have shoe This is my second pair of these shoes . Not only are they comfortable , they work well for those with temporary physical disabilities. Awesome shoe!!!!!!
B0059BGIX8 great this shoe was shipped very very fast .....usually not sure about sizing online but the sizing is right on the money ..really love this shoe
B0059BIU98 PUMA Men's 2ND Round Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker Great shoe that was more plain than I thought but recipient very happy with the product. Would buy this shoe again.
B0059BIXTU Great shoe This shoe was awesome. I bought them to wear as an everyday shoe. They are so comfortable and soft on the inside.
B0059BIXTU Great shoe He loves Puma. These shoes are perfect for dressing up a man that refuses to dress up ever! It works for me:)
B005B2H1FE Great looking shoe, not comfortable at all High quality great looking shoe.But, when you buy o/l there's allways problems:Size - checked my size at the shop prior to making this purchase, and the shoe is too tight.Sole - when walking on tiles, the shoe is very slippery.  Also, the sole seems narrower than the actual shoe, making the shoe not comfortable at all.
B005B2H1FE Great Shoe for the Price I couldn't beat the shoe for the price.  It was everything that I expected it to be and it totally meet my expectations.  Fairly well made though the material on the side is rather thin.  Overall very satisfied.
B005B2H1FE Good shoe, great price Can't complain, the price was right at under $30. They are a suprisingly decent sneaker. Mine were just a hair small, not by much and they broke in just fine. Typically using them to walk the dogs, maybe run a little on paved and unpaved terrain. Shoe adapts well to both. I gave them a 4 star rating because you can tell they aren't a $120 sneaker, but they are a good sneaker, especially if you are on a tight budget.
B005BBADW8 Cute blue kicks This PUMA shoe fits nicely, is stylish and is comfortable. I recommend this product for a nice casual athletic shoe.
B005BBADW8 Decent shoe I received this sneaker for my birthday back in May of this year. It is cute, I have the grey and pink pair. The sole is very nice, lots of traction. I wear a size 8 but wish I had ordered a half size bigger. The shoe was quite tight for a couple of weeks. I think it only expanded because I had a day where my feet swelled up pretty big, after that the shoe fit much better. The shoe is not what made my feet swell. If I had to do it again would I want this shoe? Perhaps. It is cute, durable and light weight. If I decide to buy the grey and blue pair, I am going  to order a larger size.
B005CAVWLY Great Shoe This cleat is super comfy. Definitely a 5 star power cleat....10 times better then the addidas shoes worn last season.  Sharp looking cat...the only complaint is the white part of the shoe got dirty really quickly. Would recommend for every defender and midfielder.  Great price too. Viva la Puma!
B005CBVO02 puma soccer this shoe is awesome for games or practice. i have an umbro and a predator  . this shoe is lighter , faster and u get a better feel of the ball on ur feet . only prob ? should have bought a size 10 , my 9.5 is abit snug and im feeling it in the toes . other than that , its great .
B005CK2B14 I LOVE THE SHOE I bought this shoe, however, it's fit just a bit snug on my son's feet. Not sure if this shoe fits a bit smaller or if his foot grew.  He has other shoes 3.5 in size and they fit fine. Maybe buy half a size bigger.It's a very nice shoe. Thanks
B005CK4QE4 Great shoe! Great little shoe (with no laces, which is the best part!!) Very Light-weight and comfortable for my 6 year old.
B005CK4QE4 too tight in toes easy slip on shoe durable Velcro is great but need to size up. bright colors. great for boy or girl.
B005CK4QE4 to big these run big, returned item. didn't process exchange. but was a cute shoe and probably would've been a good shoe
B005CK4QE4 Shoe runs small The style and weight of the shoe was nice. Only problem was that the shoe runs a half size smaller.
B005CK7W3Q One shoe did not light up!! Shoes are darling and cute. Look as though they will be comfortable. BUT one shoe did not light up from the moment we opened the box. I called the company immediately and left a very detailed message but no one has responded. Very dissappointed and I do not have time to call the company during my work hours. If the shoe would have lit up I would have given it a 5 stars.
B005CKB0WA soccer shoes my son absolutely loves these shoes - these are his second pair of the exact same shoe. they are not as sturdy as other sneakers though and the material gets soft after a while which i feel effects the way the shoe holds his foot in place. also the sole is very thin
B005CKB0WA Great Kids Shoes These Pumas fit my 14 month old son really well and they seem to be very well made. He is comfortable in them and because of the sturdy sole in the shoe they have actually helped him to walk more often without falling down. I highly recommend these to any parents despite the high price for a kid's shoe, especially if you like Puma's style yourself.
B005CKB0WA cute shoe fits well and looks good on my granddaughter.The price was right so I even bought 2 pairs. One in a larger size.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! These are a great looking shoe! They are nice and lightweight and have excellent grips on the bottom for a running toddler.  Compared to another pair of the same sized Puma shoes I purchased, these are a little smaller, which was perfect for my little one.
B005CKB0WA Puma Whirlwind Sneakers Very stylish and fits just right!! Love the insert inside the shoe that shows if the shoe fits the child's foot.
B005CKB0WA Awesome shoe! My son loves green and only wanted green shoes!  These were perfect.  They fit well( buy them slightly bigger), easy to get on/off, and are just a cool shoe.  Love them as does he.  Can't say how they hOld up as we've only had them a week.  He wears them daily soDon't expect them to last too long anyway.
B005CKB0WA Cute Shoe and Doesn't Hold Sand! My son is currently almost a size 11.5 but a 12 seems to have room for his foot to grow into. I read that it ran a bit small so I didn't get him the 11.5 but instead got the 12 and that was a great choice for me. Nice shoe and looks really good on him. PLUS it doesn't hold sand like other shoes do since my son loves rolling in it. It still will stick to his foot but once he stomps his feet on the rug it comes off well and it's gone by the time I get to the car.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe Very comfortable and light weight which is perfect for my 2 year old. The colors are also great because they are vivid.
B005CKB0WA Styling shoe - too big for my kid This was a great looking show.  I have purchased many pairs of Pumas for my son but unfortunately these were too large and the next smaller size was not available.
B005CKDW76 Great Shoe for 2 year old son. My 2 year old son loves his new shoes.  After reading reviews I knew the shoe fit a little small, so I ordered the next size up.  It was easy to get on and looks great. I would definitely recommend.
B005CKHBP0 run large Really cute shoe.  I like the Puma's and the ease of velcro while still being a trendy shoe.  My daughter had a similar shoe in a 9 which was way to tight and I ordered a 10 (no half sizes until 10.5) and it was gigantic on her.  Too bad.  Also, this shoes has little in the way of support and the sole seemed very thin.  I would have kept them if they fit but my daughter doesn't need a ton of structure.
B005CKHVKK shoe lover love this shoe ! style is classic puma. Runs a half size small. I wear a 6 1/2 and ordered a 7  &#9829;
B005CKPP2G Not durable Shoe is very cute! However, it did not last long, even with just normal wear, no sports.
B005CP0TQS The Shoe This shoe is perfect for my kickboxing class. The cushion is soft and the ankle support is great; I could twist and turn with no problem.
B005CPEUG8 Great shoe Unlike most shoes made of fabric this shoe seems to be holding up really well against my 8 year old's beating!
B005CQ84BY great shoe, runs small! I know that soccer cleats are supposed to be tight, but mine was too tight with a thicker sock.  I had to order up a half of a size bigger, and now the shoe fits perfectly.  I love this shoe!  It is so bright and seems to be well made.  It's actually made in Cambodia.  It's easy to run in, and can get rained on.  I was so thrilled with this purchase, I also bought the same exact shoe in blue and am equally as happy!  Great shoe!!!
B005CVWYPG great shoe I'm very happy with my purchase. Great quality, great design. I love Puma. My girls also like it so much.
B005CVWYPG Cute shoe Love this shoe. Second pair I've bought for my daughter. Fit is true to size. Durable, long lasting, goes with everything.
B005CVWYPG Good shoe I bought this for my daughter for her cheerleading and she loves them. We're very happy with this shoe.  It was just as described.
B005CVY9RW Nice I ordered it a little bigger because my lil sugarbear is growing like crazy but it's a nice shoe. cute
B005CVY9RW Super cute, but size is not right... Super cute shoes, but I thought the &#34;4&#34; meant the size of the shoe.  It must not because it looks like a really small infant's shoe size...maybe a 4 month old or 6 month old...
B005DTR72W Great Style and Comfort! "Puma" is well known for it's unique low racer style shoes. I ordered these trendy shoes as I enjoy wearing the low cut version(s). The appearance is very flashy and they actually fit pretty good....I like the white color the best....I would not use them for running in, though. However, for the best overall comfort you have to invest in proper running shoe insoles to get that extra support on the ball and for front of the foot....I usually pay about $15-16 dollars for good insoles at my local running shoe outlet.... I have always invested in good insoles as it makes a real difference on comfort....regardless of what type of shoe you purchase. In all, I love the look and feel and would recommend this shoe produced by Puma! Jamie
B005DTR72W Awesome shoes I got I love the look the feel and the weight of them probably my fav shoe ever I would recommend them to any man
B005DTR72W Good value I like this shoe,and I have  it in all colors. I also like for driving and  it is easy to pack for travel even in my size 14!.
B005FWV85O Love them! Great casual shoe, so cute and comfortable.  This will be my go to shoe for shopping and casual days out.
B005HEJHYO Great looking comfortable golf shoe! I played my first round with these shoes on Saturday and was pleased with both comfort and performance. They are a great looking comfortable golf shoe!
B005HEJHYO Cheap construction for price I bought these for a light alternative to classic golf shoes.  I was disappointed in the cheap construction and the size.  The shoe ran somewhere between a half size to a full size small and are extremely narrow.  If your looking for a quality lightweight golf shoe I would look at FJ or Adiddas.
B005HEJHYO Great golf shoe Really comfortable, cool looking golf shoe. Shoe is light and feels like a pair trainers, and you could wear them all day.
B005HEJK3W Great Shoe ! Gorgeous, comfortable golf shoe.  My husband always wears a size 11 reg.  This shoe wasn't available in orange at Christmas time in his size, so I bought it in black.  Fit perfectly and he loved them.  Recently I saw that the orange were available in his size, so I purchased them, but when he tried them on, they were too small.  So, I ordered the 11 Wide and they fit perfectly.  I gave them a 4 star because it was strange that the 11 reg. in black were perfect, but he needed an 11 Wide in the orange.  It's a great looking shoe and comfortable.  Yes, would definately recommend this shoe.
B005HEJK3W Nice shoes They are very comfortable and a good looking shoe. Fits to size. The cleat system keeps your feet grounded while hitting.
B005HEJK3W very good fit half size to big I usually get 9.5 tennisshoes but here should have went with 9 wide. Still like them and they work fine as much as a shoe should.
B005HEJK3W good looking shoe my husband has a wide foot and rarely finds a shoe that is comfortable. This shoe is comfortable and good looking too.  Wish puma would make more shoes in this width.
B005HEJK3W great product I love this product, It arrive in perfect conditions and in good time. Just the size of the shoe is a little big
B005HEJK3W Great looking shoe Got this for my husband and he really likes them. Plays golf a lot and they didn't hurt his feet and look good also! Had them since Christmas and they still looks good and he is rough on his golf shoes.
B005HEJK3W Fits good and feels good. I had to get a wider shoe and this Puma fits great and is good for 18 holes, not a bad looking shoe to top it off.
B005HEK2J8 Look great, but unwearable. Trust these reviews, because I ignored them. These shoes are unwearable. The back of the shoe rubs against your achilles and gives you a blister within 20 min. I've never had that problem with a shoe before. I had to take them off and switch them out. Even wearing taller socks wouldn't help. So painful. I really wanted to like these because they are a great looking shoe.
B005HEK2J8 Great shoe Very comfortable shoe for walking the course. Solid box at toe provides great stability with power transfer on drives.  Waterproof shoe is great, and breathabity is better than expected.
B005HEKWM0 Most comfortable golf shoe I've ever worn These shoes are very, very comfortable.  Usually it takes you a few times breaking in shoes.  I never experienced foot ache.Shoes have great grip, and they are really sharp looking.I would suggest buying some extra shoe spikes just in case.
B005HEKWM0 Finally - an Extra Wide Golf Shoe Bought these because I need a wide shoe and these are definitely a EE/EEE.  Most golf shoes that say wide are an E at best.  Haven't played with them yet, but they fit like a glove right out of the box.  Good looking shoe as well.
B005HEKWM0 great golf shoes best leather i have ever had in a golf shoe, including my adipure and all my footjoy shoes.  Would recommend these to anyone
B005HEKWM0 Great golf shoes Great shoe just match the sizes with my Normal puma shoes. there really comfortable also like the tool that came with it and the bag
B005HEKWM0 Not very comfortable for walking a round No complaints about this shoe when it comes to fit/width and was happy to finally find something in my size (14 Wide) that didn't need special ordered. My only knock on this shoe is comfort. I like to mix it up between taking a cart and walking my rounds. If you only ride in a cart, then this shoe is for you. If you do any sort of walking, then you should consider finding something a little more comfortable.
B005HEL0G2 Great Fit Comfortable, and the sizing was right.  I would recommend to anyone who would wear a size 14 golf shoe. Great for golf or as a walking shoe.
B005HEL4W2 Good shoe for the price. Shoe fits pretty good. Not the most comfort but I would buy another pair if needed. They don't make me play any better tho.
B005HELTCM Great Golf Shoes Love these shoes. I wanted a golf shoe that did not have cleats and this golf shoe fits the bill.My feet can move more easily  with them.
B005HEN3GW Great shie Very good looking comfortable well made shoe. Ive owned Puma golf shoes before and they never disappoint. I never buy anything but Pumas now.
B005HEN3GW Great golf shoe Great shoe; lots of traction, very comfortable, and fits true to size. It also is a nice neutral color to match with all outfits.
B005HEN3GW Excellent shoe Very stable once on the grass.  Grips like no other shoe I've had.  Stayed dry inside through a wet game.
B005HEN3GW Great shoe I love the fit and look.  I wanted a wider shoe because so many golf shoes are tight and go to a point at the front that make me wish I didn't have toes at the end of a round.  These were comfortable and i would wear them around all day if I could
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoe I like the Puma Men's Jigg Golf shoe for a number of things. Comfort, Style, & Price. I have had many compliments on the shoe and they go with anything I wear. Great shoe at a great price.
B005HEN3GW puma shoe the fir was great and the fell is good. I had alot of trouble finding a shoe to fit but these did the trick.
B005HEN3IK PUMA shoe Bought this as an upgrade to an earlier purchase of a PUMA shoe.  This was even more comfortable with a more padded sole making it great for walking the course. The other shoe is now my cart shoe.---Update less than 6 months of wearing and the sole of the left shoe has a huge crack from end to end such that my sock gets wet on the inside when walking on wet grass and due.  I will try to get it replaced but fear that I will be stuck with a worthless purchase.
B005HENODE Cut too small I received my shoes and they really looked great. I have worn a 13 Wide in everything for the past 20 years. Unfortunately this shoe must be cut smaller than other brands. They were much too short and really not wide enough. I was disappointed because I really liked the look and could tell it was a quality golf shoe. I would recommend ordering 1/2 to a full size longer and maybe even a wider width in this shoe.
B005HEP57C Order Much Larger I always wear the same size 10 shoe in almost any brand of shoe.  I read the reviews on this shoe and order up in size.  It was still at least a size small.  They are light weight good looking shoes but someone needs to clue Puma in on the true shoe sizes!!  Very disappointed and not likely to try this brand again.
B005HEPKLS Overall a nice shoe This is a nice lightweight shoe. After reading other reviews, decided to order a half size up. Very good decision considering shoe fits a bit on the narrow side. Only suggestion would be a bit more cushioning, especially in the heel area. Definitely recommend...especially as a lightweight travel workout shoe!!!!
B005HEPXDI Great shoe! Great shoe, fits well, fair price. Delivery was right as expected. No problems at all. Hope it endures a lot of golf this spring and summer!
B005I3A752 cool shoe! I was looking for a stylish and worm shoe.. and when I saw this one on amazon I just felt in love!  I thought the design and the combination of colors was cool and also the materials.  When I received them I was very happy.  I've read some reviews on internet about the sizing so I ordered in 10,5 when I'm usually 9 1/2 -10.. and they fit perfect!  I hope my feet will be worm and confortable the whole winter!
B005IKIS9C Workout Shoe. This shoe was just okay.  I didn't like the way it look on my foot, but it was comfortable and a nice fit.  Really good price but not my favorite.
B005IKIS9C Puma Women's Voltaic 3 FM Cross-Training Shoe I love this shoe!!! So comfortable!!! I wear them for Zumba and walking. A great product.  Would I buy this product again? You betcha!
B005LCD60I great shoe for the price these shoes are pretty nice for under 40$. medium arch support, light weight, yea they are a shoe & they feel good on my feet...
B005LCD60I Great Shoe Fits true to size.  This shoe is lightweight and a great &#34;summer shoe&#34;.  I would fully recommend this product.  GREAT
B005LCD60I Nice men's shoe Excellent shoes, love it. They fit very well to my feets. The only complaint is because, there is a little amount of glue in the suede of one shoe. But it doesn't affect the quality of the item.
B005LCD60I Puma men's shoe Received the Puma Blue Black and white shoe very quickly! My son was very happy with the shoe. He says they are comfortable also.
B005LCE58A The shoe pocket is great I needed a new bag for the gym, nothing too big, this one was a prefect size and was presently surprised by the segregated shoe pocket keeping my clothes away from my running sneakers
B005LCE58A Perfect size for Gym... Fits all the stuff perfectly and the isolated shoe compartment is a big plus. Though some more airflow in the shoe compartment would have been even better
B005LCE58A nice Perfect design and size, great seperate shoe section keeps shoe seperate from clothes. very happy with this product. Highly recommend it.
B005LCE58A Love the shoe compartment I love this bag, perfect size, great compartments, especially the shoe/wet clothes compartment. The packaging came with what I consider two red headbands! Bonus!
B005OKF984 This Shoe is Making me HAPPY!!!!! This is an awesome shoe. It keeps my tootsies dry when I'm running and they're awesome walking around shoes. I'm flatfooted and usually can only stand for short periods of time, but with these, I can stand all day. Love em!!!
B005OKF984 Great shoe My son wears this Puma for his workouts. He is not a runner though, but he works out about two hours a day. He has this shoe in about five colors and keeps two of them for casual wear because he loves them so much. The grey is very nice looking, he has some of the other colors that we have purchased other places. They are very true to size--he wears a 9.5 D.It is important to let your workout shoes (actually any shoe) dry out completely for 48 hours. They've actually done studies showing this DOUBLES the life of the shoe.
B005OKOB2Y not a good fit... I liked  the shoe alot, but it was too big. I called the seller. They said they dont have the size i need. Too, Bad! Shoe is discontinued.Because of that I have to return it .
B005OKOXYK Good shoe, good price, win win! I'm a big fan of the Puma clyde shoe. I love the style and they work great as a more subtle casual sneaker. When not donning a pair of dress shoes at work, or flip flops in the summer, I'm often wearing these sneaks. The size seems slightly larger than some other brands, so I'd recommend going a half size down from your typical casual sneaker.
B005OKYPFM Five Stars Great shoe somewhat hesitant purchasing without trying on, but the shoe was a good fit
B005OLA532 Puma G. Vilas. Cool shoes for the price and kick it with jeans - been looking for this shoe for awhile.Classic puma with good selection of colors.
B005OLK5QO True to size, comfortable I got this shoe for my boyfriend.  He loves it.  The shoe is extremely comfortable.  He wears a size 12 and the shoe he ordered is true to his size.
B005OLVDCO great shoes I love this shoe, they feel good and look great. I get a lot of good compliments when I wear them. I wish puma sold 3x shirts and pants.
B005OLVDCO Way overpriced! Looks Nice, but Wears Out Fast! Personally I used to see this pair of shoes as the dress shoe correspondance of sports shoes - that looks sharp while having the comfort of a sports shoe. But disappointment followed shortly after, as detailed:*** Not Solid / Worn Out in a few Months: Yet, it wears out very fast. It has only been a few months, and the tip of the shoe is already worn out, and started to be torn already. I am afraid in a few months, it will be completely unwearable. (I have used other brands' collection shoes for years, without any such problems).*** Puma as Shoe Producer: I am a fan of special collection sports goods -over the years- such as Adidas Porsche shoes, Puma Ferrari jackets, and bought this Puma Ferrari shoes as well. Personally this is the first Puma shoe I bought (I have owned many of the other brands, but mostly Adidas and Nike). Main reason for this was that I never saw Puma as a core shoe producer - unlike Adidas & Nike - and did not trust their technology. I see that I am right about this. I don't think I will ever buy another Puma shoe again, and think that they are way overpriced.All in all, way overpriced. Not as high quality & solid as shoes of other more established sports shoe brands.
B005OLW5PS This is by far my favorite motorsport enthusiast shoe Like all Pumas, these run a little small so I bought a 1/2 size larger than usual and they fit, just fine.  I have these D power shoes in other colors, including low top, and these mid top ones are my favorite.  They are very comfortable and I love how the shoe is shaped, especially the outline of the sole. I use these for everyday use, but I'm a motorsport junky so these do get used in karting and the occasional S2000 track day too.  That said, you could probably get away with using these for karting if you're in the market for a kart shoe,  I own a couple pairs of Puma Kart Cat Mid II's and, although those are kart purposed shoes, I do occasionally use these Driving Power Mids instead because they are so much more comfortable.Also, on the plus side, if you're a fan of the Mercedes AMG Petronas F1 Team, their mechanics wear this same shoe in black... If it's good enough for F1 mechanics, it's good enough for me.
B005OLW5PS New Puma Mid Shoe The shoe looks great and very light weight. I wore them while taking care of errands for 4 hours. Soles are very thin and feet were sore after 4 hours. Not very comfortable and will not wear them often.
B005OMD7U4 Driving Shoes If you are serious about driving and looking for a great driving shoe these are super.Absolutely the most comfortable driving shoe I have tried.
B005OMEGTA Best shoe ever I love this shoe. I now own 4 pair. Comfortable, durable and great looking. If you are looking for the best sneaker in the world ... this is it.
B005OMEGTA SO comfortable & durable I've got these shoes in many colors & materials and I have to say this may just be my favorite shoe. I have several pair in leather and I can say they are one durable shoe. The mesh is just as good & a better summer shoe as it stays cooler. An important feature that I love is the "plate" on the bottom that is used both to hold the elastic in place as well as proive exceptional arch support. The shoe really fits great and is wonderful to wear all day long even if you're on your feet. I recommend these shoes to people all the time; you will love them!! PS, as an avid Puma wearer, I have found that MOST styles run about a half size small. I recommend trying them & any other brand on in the store before purchasing online.
B005OMEM2Q Quality below par This Puma shoe is real leather. It is definitely NOT D width, possibly B width. I would base this shoe in comparison to an indoor soccer shoe. Very light weight, and very thin sole. I rate this product *** stars.
B005OMFAYK Great Lightweight Walking Shoe I really like the style and quality of these shoes. They're very light and were a terrific walking shoe during my recent trip to Europe. The only thing to be aware of is they do run slightly large. If I had to do it all over again, I would consider ordering a half size smaller. Other than that...no complaints!
B005ON2G96 Love the colors I love the colors of this shoe. I like that you don't have to tie the shoe. I don't like the tight and somewhat pointed toe these shoes have.
B005OS7VPA Like bare feet with support! This is my third pair of these wonderfully supportive flats and I hope they never stop making them just the way they are!  I was amazed with the first pair how much support there is because of the wide elastic strap, which holds the shoe to your arch and cradles it.  I had a total knee replacement two years ago and was having trouble finding a shoe that would be supportive, but flat.  This shoe is perfect for my needs and is cute as well.
B005OS7VPA Great Shoe! I Love this shoe, the style and the comfort.  I would like to have them in black, but my size wasn't available.
B005OS839I Puma never dissapoints This is a cute shoe!!  True to size and fun to wear, it is very feminine looking.  Puma never dissapoints.
B005OS839I Cute, a little tight Knowing Pumas tend to run a little small, I ordered a size 9 because my feet usually fall between 8.5 and 9. I had to exchange them for the 8.5 because my heels slipped right out of them! The 8.5 is the perfect length but a little tight as far as the height goes. The top of the shoe is rubbing the skin on top of my feet a little.The shoe is so freaking cute that I am hoping they just need to be broken in. They seem to have have a very good sole for everyday summer time wear while being able to keep my feet cool. I think that once these loosen up a bit, they will be my perfect summer working shoe.
B005OT1UI8 great shoe but sizing is off This is a very comfortable and pretty shoe. Casual and perfect for traveling. I ordered the 8, my usual size in Puma shoes, but as other reviewers already mentioned, it is very long. I returned it for a 7.5...can't wait for it to arrive.
B005OT1UI8 Great Spring Shoe These just arrived and I was nervous because of the reviews to order a size smaller.  I wear an 8 and ordered an 8.  Glad I did.  Though there is more room that most of my slip on shoes, a 7.5 would have been too small.  It is such a great "flat" look with tennis shoe support.  Exactly what I was looking for to go with my capris when I have a lot of walking to do.  I'm so glad I ordered (and in my own size).
B005OT25G4 The Best! This is my favorite shoe!  It is so comfortable and easy to wear.  I am always getting compliments!I hope you never discontinue this shoe!
B005OT9Q98 Great Shoes! I love these shoes.  True to size and very comfortable.  I was looking for a sneaker and not an athletic shoe.  These look great and feel great.
B005OTA9R6 Puma Janine Dance Fashion Sneaker I really like these shoes. They are comfortable and look nice, either with slacks or jeans. If your foot size is a bit wider than a &#34;B&#34;, then I wouldn't recommend them, as they fit snug to my &#34;B&#34; foot. I did't see where Puma offered this shoe in wider sizes, but perhaps they do, and it just needs further investigation on the customers.I also like that these shoes are available in 1/2 sizes.
B005OTA9R6 This shoe fits a little tight This shoe fits a little tight and doesn't slide real good on dance floor wear I do Zumba.  Good shoe though
B005OTA9R6 best shoe purchase ever I do not regret buying these shoes for zumba ---better fit than my other all purpose shoe and more comfortable at zumba
B005OTA9R6 Dance shoe? I think not. Didn't realize this was a totally synthetic shoe. Also is advertised as a dance shoe but, the rubber sole is not very easy to spin on. Not a professional dance shoe.
B005OTA9R6 Cute Zumba Shoe Very pleased with the fit, look and performance of this shoe. Everyone in my Zumba class asked where I got these and couldn't believe the great deal I got at Amazon. Even my 10 year old granddaughter loved them. I may consider getting another pair.
B005OTA9R6 Good shoe Cute.  Looks good.  Could use a little more arch support for me, but everyone is different.  I recommend using a waterproofing spray for the leather as the sole doesn't completely cover the bottom of the shoe.
B005OTA9R6 A nice shoe This shoe is a bit stiff because of the faux material that is supposed to be leather.  Also, it is not a confortable as other Puma styles.
B005OTA9R6 Too stiff I wanted to like these because I LOVE Pumas.  However, I had to return them.  I wanted a non-leather shoe since I am vegetarian.  I wanted shoes for Zumba.  These were very very stiff and made my feet ache terribly.  They fit true to my shoe size and felt okay until I started to dance.  After 10, minutes, I had cramps in my arches.
B005OTBH0O Wife loves 'em. Light weight, durable, comfortable -- pretty much everything you're looking for in a shoe when you're on your feet for most of the day.  Great price for a solid shoe that can be used every day.
B005R506IO Great looking shoe My husband actually found this shoe for our little girl. The shoe has a good look and fits well. Delivery was before I expected it. the only draw back for me was that the picture is a little misleading. The shoe looks black and gold, but it is a really orange color. We'll work with it.
B005R506IO Sexy Shoe I am in love with this shoe. I love the colors, and they go well with jeans.  The shoe is narrow, so if you have wide feet like me, you may want to get a half size bigger. Overall, I am very happy with the shoe and the price was nice too.
B005R531DG A really great looking poorly manufactured shoe Overall I really like the design of the shoe, but the pleasing aesthetics of it are gradually turning into the upsetting realization that this shoe will have a really short life cycle of use.The white rim around the base of the shoe is starting separate from itself on both shoes, after only about a month of normal use.  For a parent with limited funds, knowing that the shoe is already disintegrating is upsetting.  I would look for another brand.
B005S0PF1G nice shoe i buy all puma shoes for my son, this shoe may fit alittle snug but its a very nice tennis shoe
B005S0QEXE Looks great Looks great my son runs around in them great. They look good colors are nice great price for the shoe.
B005S0QEXE Great shoe A well made shoe for my little man!  Good quality and great fit.  I would definitely recommend buying this shoe.
B005S0QEXE Great shoes Really good shoes, just a problem with the shoe the tongue of the right shoe break off any ideas if the shoe can be return to the company? And how long will it take to replace?
B005ZFCUIA Sneakers seem great So I have heard that PUMA sneakers fit slightly small, so being a 6.5 size shoe, I bought a 7.  Don't buy larger!  They are a little too big for me, maybe the shoe sizing small is just for their typical puma shoes? Not sure.  They are great looking shoes though, and feel good otherwise when running.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone, as long as they get the right size for their feet!
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoe, sizes are different Nice looking shoe.  My wife normally wears a 9 but this shoe was too small.  The sizing must be measured differently than we are accustomed to.  We plan to order a size 10 as soon as they are in stock.
B005ZFCUIA Definitely grey This shoe was super comfortable!  However, the picture doesn't accurately depict how grey the shoe is.  There is definitely no white at all.  Otherwise, very nice and comfortable.
B005ZFCUIA Puma the Best The Puma Cross Training Shoe feels like I don't have shoes on.  The shoe is extremely comfortable. I wear it all dayand at the end of the day my feet still feel relaxed.
B005ZFCUIA Perfect running shoe I love to run and I almost always turn to Puma for the perfect running shoe!  So far, they haven't failed me.  They were comfortable the moment I put them on with no breaking in time (which is a plus)  I do a lot of intervals on the treadmill with high inclines and my feet felt great after the first workout.  Also, love all the great colors they come in and would buy this shoe over and over again!
B005ZFCUIA Puma Very Comfortable I went 1/2 size larger in this shoe and glad I did. They fit perfect!  Surprised how comfortable and light they are. Would definitely buy Puma again.
B005ZFCUIA great shoe! Its a nice shoe if you are looking for comfort while doing heavy workouts at the gym or at home.
B005ZFCUIA great shoe Great shoe love running in it might need to be broken in a little but it fits really well love it
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe Needed a new shoe for high impact workouts. I've been wearing these for about 3 months now and they still look brand new. Fit my size 10 foot perfectly. Great colors. Super comfy. And provide the support needed.
B005ZFCUIA Better than expected! I usually stick to Nike or Asics for my running shoe of choice, but this time I wanted to try something different. The color scheme is what caught my attention to this shoe. This shoe is so comfortable, lightweight, and fit perfect. I have gotten many compliments on them as well. I recommend to any gym goer or avid runner!!
B005ZFCUIA Beautiful athletic shoe! These are very comfortable and stylish.  The coral coloring is absolutely beautiful.  Note:  I listed &#34;fit as expected&#34; but the shoe does run 1/2 size too small.  I was fortunate enough to read a previous buyers' review prior to ordering and ordered a size 8 1/2M instead if an 8M.  The padding does make this smaller but it's also what makes this shoe comfortable and offers much support.
B005ZFCUIA Running Shoe Absolutely love these shoes. I have never purchased pumas before til these. They are comfy and fit true size. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good supportive shoe.
B005ZFCUIA Very dissapointed. I've always worn Nike brand but was told to try these shoes. I'm 35 and female but have had feet problems my entire life so I need a comfortable shoe with good arch support. What I got from this shoe was exactly opposite. It was like standing on a concrete clock. It actually felt better to take them off! They looked awesome but if its comfort you want don't buy this shoe. Plus I used their size chart and ordered accordingly and it was too big! Just all around a let down.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Womens Cell Riaze Cross- Training Shoe I chose a five star rating for this shoe because it's a great and excellent shoe. I love that it's a good fit it's not too snug and not too loose depending on how much you tighten the laces but if you're flat footed and have larger feet like me you'll want something that's not too tight not too loose or you'll end up with blisters and alot of foot pain. I've had the exact same Puma's before except in a different color and they're by far my favorite shoe. If you don't like a real chunky shoe that looks too wide these are a win win, they look slim line and almost graceful, they also have a memory foam insole built in the shoe and an attractive mesh material over the top of where your foot would be so you're feet don't get too hot and sweat or end up burning your feet which as crazy as that sounds I've done before. I would recommend this too anyone.
B005ZFCUIA awesome shoe, awesome price! Awesome shoe. Great price! Fits amazing and couldn't ask for a better shoe. I love puma shoes and they look good.
B005ZFCUIA Fits as expected, Super comfortable, great shoe. I love puma running/cross-training/sports shoes, and have been wearing the brand for over 10 years now. I was a bit hesitant to buy these in a size 11, since I am typically a size 10, but like to get a 10.5 when buying running shoes, since your foot expands when exercising, but the size 11's fit great.The shoe is super comfortable, and great looking. The elevated platform gives a stable stand for cross training classes, and running alike. And the shoe is super durable, and fits great.
B005ZFCUIA The shoe is marked "running" - the description on Amazon says "cross-training" but it is a fine shoe The padding and the fit are good and the Puma on the side is great. But why is there a difference between Amazon and the manufacture on the nature of the shoe?
B005ZFCUIA Love It! I love love love this running shoe. I've been running for years and have never had a shoe so comfortable. It is light and airy perfect for summer. I love it so much I have considered buying 2 more pairs just to have them in stock!
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe!!!' Shoe was very comfortable loved the colors but only disappointment was the shoe does run a bit too big. I would suggest ordering a size down.
B005ZFCUIA PUMA WOMEN'S CELL RIAZE CROSS-TRAINING SHOE These shoes felt fine when I tried them on but when I walked in them for a day, my big toes hurt.  I wish I had gotten a half-size larger
B005ZFCUIA great shoe It was my first every Puma shoe.  A great price and style made it a must buy.  I really like the shoe its runs a lithe small. I would highly recommend get a half-siize larger.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe! Great for running. The shoe colors match my sorority colors and that is a great thing. I would definitely recommend them to an avid runner.
B005ZFCUIA Comfort PUMA did it again, very happy with purchase.  Extremely comfortable and stylish design.  Really a good shoe at a reasonable price.
B005ZFCUIA Puma - Riaze Cross Training Shoe These shoes are beautiful as well as quite comfortable.  I love Puma shoes and I feel that you will be satisfied if you are in the need for this type of shoe.  I am going to wear them out today.  I have not had a chance to wear them out in public before today, but I am sure that they will do nicely.  You can't go wrong with Puma shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Love The shoe I purchased the shoe because they were cute and much cheaper on Amazon instead of the JC Penney.  I ordered my size 8 1/2.  It's comfortable, but If I am doing to much there is a little tightness in the toe area.  So I would recommend a 1/2 size bigger.  Puma shoes do run small.
B005ZFCUIA The shoe No arch in this shoe but otherwise nice. I have a high archa ns this would not be a good shoe for me.
B005ZFCUIA good shoe A little snug but otherwise good. The colors are alittle off too bit it is not noticeable. Overall good item
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Comfortable and light weight.  Love the coloring.  All in all seems like a great shoe.
B0061NY7QI Runs big This shoe runs a little big so keep that in mind when picking size. Other than that they are OK.
B0061NY7QI Comfortable with good traction on wet surfaces As some reviewers have said, these shoes do run big.  I went a half size smaller than my shoe size and probably could have gone a full size smaller.  As far as the top of the heel part of the shoe causing blisters goes, it is a bit stiff, but after first getting them wet, I applied some heat to that area of the shoe with a hair dryer and it softened it, so that problem has been addressed.  These shoes are comfortable with great arch support.  So far I have just used them in a pool and the shower.  The true test will be in the ocean walking over rocks and seashells, but I am sure they will do fine because the sole is substantial.  The removable insole does not shift during wear like other makes of water shoes that I have read about.  I would buy these again.
B0061NY7QI Just OK The shoe looks great and feels great when dry, the inner sole is made from foam-like absorbent material which does not dry quickly, also small stones can become embedded into the inner sole and may never come out. If the inner sole was made from all plastice/rubber i would have given the shoe 5 stars.
B0061NY7QI Nice minimal shoe... True to size, I had to return the 10.5 for a 10. I usually size up with some puma shoes but these were dead on. I bought these for my trip to Jamaica and only wore them twice there. This shoe needed a break-in period for me, sadly they ripped my achilles heel up every time I wore them on vacation. When they get wet they don't dry as quick as an aqua sock either. Since my feet are used to them 4 month later I wear them to the gym everyday and I love them. If you like a minimal shoe this will work out great.
B0061NY7QI Great shoe very troublesome shipping out of usa I live in M&eacute;xico And see it turned out to costly freigthwise And delivery way to long the shoe is superb i intend to get another pa&iacute;r If possible deliver all the way through other wise it is a matter of thinking before troce
B0064IPTA8 Good Shoe Had a previous Puma trail shoe that no longer has the support due to useage. This trail shoe has good arch support and is a perfect fit as expected have already walked 6 miles and have no discomfort. Hope puma keeps making this shoe.
B0064ITPKI defective Questionable quality control with these, as I found the left shoe defective in a couple ways. Most obviously, while the lace holes on the right shoe were evenly spaced (normal), those on the left were very widely unevenly spaced, which not only looks ridiculous, but makes it impossible to lace up the shoe securely and properly. Also, a seem under the left tongue dug into my foot (though once again the right shoe had no such issue). Have to return these, but for those willing to take a chance on getting a good pair, they do seem a lightweight, well-cushioned, moderately supportive stability running shoe. And like most running shoes, order up at least 1/2 size.
B006IYT7ZG Shoe seemed nice but received 2 right foot shoes in different sizes The shoe itself seemed to be of decent quality; however, I received 2 right foot shoes in 2 different sizes so my daughter was unable to use them and we had to return them.
B006IYTB1Q Great kids indoor shoe!! This shoe is a great shoe for the price. Great material. They are not stiff at all. They are very soft so they require little to no breaking in. They feel very well made and are ready to hit the field right out of the box. Pumas tend to run a little on the smaller side of true to size but for an indoor shoe you don't want them to be too big. so I recommend you buy your kids their normal size. Unless, you are planning to use these for multiple seasons then I would recommend going a1/2 size bigger to leave a little room for growth. These fit very well as they're broken in.
B006IYTB1Q Nice shoe - Nice Price Purchased for my 12 year old daughter for indoor soccer on turf.It's new so I can't say much for durability, but like every other shoe I'm sure she'll outgrow them before they wear out.  Construction seems very good so I don't anticipate any wear issues.  Sole is rigid and the laces are asymmetrical (you can't really tell from the photos, but they are).  It runs true to size and the width is medium.Overall a very nice shoe that my daughter says is comfortable and makes her run faster - what else could you ask for?FYI- 4 stars from me is about as good as it gets.  5 stars reserved so really fabulous items so don't read anything negative into the missing star here.
B006J7WSEY Great Shoe I bought this shoe for a cousin of mine and he was really happy with it. I would recommend it to others.
B006J7WSEY good shoe Very nice shoe. True to fit and size. Slightly narrow. Blue is nice and bright. My daughter loves them. Recommend
B006J7WSEY An okay shoe for the price. Being that these are the first pair of real cleats that our daughter has worn, I didn't expect her to love the way they feel, and she doesn't. The shoe strings are ridiculously hard to keep tied, though, and I doubt we would order these again.
B006J7WSEY Really nice shoe I would buy this shoe again. The style is nice as well as the fit. Preforms as we had expected
B006JCTRDO Puma shoes Great shoe for young boys. They run a little big so watch the size. Overall great shoe! Definitely recommend this shoe for small boys!
B006K28VOO Hard to get on the foot The shoe/boot is cute. It looks as I expected. It is hard to get on her feet even though she has plenty of room in the shoe.
B006MWH1S4 Puma Shoe - better in woman's than unisex I had bought these in the past, but in a woman's size. These are unisex sized and they don't fit the same way. The tongue on the shoe is very long and it actually hurts my foot as it comes to where my foot bends.
B006MWH1S4 Five Stars Great shoe. Very comfortable.
B006MWH1S4 Ideal shoes I actually returned this pair as I found the first, smaller size shoes fit me best.  However, they are a great shoe and I'd recommend them to all my friends for their style and comfort. Great shoe!
B006OEGJO2 great shoes these shoes are really comfortable and the traction with them is top notch.  it's a great combination: the comfort of a spiikeless shoe with the traction of a spiked shoe.  the colors are nice and orange does go with a lot of colors so it's not that hard to match-up.  I would certainly recommend these.
B006OEGJO2 Comfortable and good price Just a great golf shoe. My husband has this shoe and I have the womens purple version Would highly recommend. Quick delivery to Australia
B006OEGJO2 great shoe at a great price comfortable right out of the box!  Very cool looking athletic style shoe with ample traction and proven waterproof protection, love'em!
B006OEY2NC Perfect fit and feel! The shoe was light and felt better than expected. The fit was exactly to size. I would recommend these shoes to any looking for a new pair of golf shoe.
B006OEY2NC ok shoe somewhat small for a 10w, unable to fit ortho insoles in them like my other shoe the same size. able to wear them without insole
B006OEY2NC Puma mens faas The shoe fit good and fly great through out the round.For the price, i would recommend this shoe to my friends
B006OEY2NC Most comfortable golf shoe I own Love golf shoes, and have a collection of about six styles. The Faas is the most comfortable shoe I own!
B006OEY2NC Nice golf Shoe Shoe did not grip during wet weather. Needed shoe that would grip when worn in any condition,no matter the condition.
B006OEY2NC Good golf shoe For a 11 EE size shoe it fits a bit small, otherwise it is a wonderful, convenient priced shoe that does the job as intended. Awesome grip, very hard to slip with this shoe.
B006OEY2NC Correct size for me. Some Puma shoes that I have gotten ran a little large.Not these! Just a perfect fit and beautiful shoe.&#34;Half Price&#34; deal on Amazon!
B006OEY2NC This golf shoe looks great I have trouble with golf shoes being wide enough; but this shoe looks and fells great and that' all I got to say about that.
B006OEY2NC Most comfortable golf shoe ever I was very surprised by the fit and comfort of this golf shoe. I have never worn Puma, but this shoe made me an instant fan. Very soft and no break-in required. fit dead on size 11.  I highly recommend this shoe to anyone that wants a comfortable golf shoe.
B006OEY2NC Amazon disappoints with pricing I love the shoe as far as fit, looks, and performance.  The only thing that disappoints me with Amazon is that one week after I received the shoe, the price dropped by 15%.
B006OEY2NC Good looking shoe Looked around and for the price you can't beat it. Enjoy that I was able to break it in quickly. If only my game was as good.
B006OEY2NC perfect shoe Nice wide shoe for comfort- the lifetime cleats are great for never replacing, and going right into restaurant after round.  &#34;PERFECT GOLF SHOE&#34; -
B006OEY2NC good shoe Shoe fits great and played 18 holes, ordered 1/2 size larger as they run a little small.  Somewhat slippery in the sand.  Other than that, worth the money.
B006OEY2NC Comfortable & Nice Looking Have worn these shoes for 4 rounds. They were comfortable out of the box. They do have a high back and I got a small blister on one ankle because my socks were too small to cover that area. No problems with my feet. This is the first golf shoe I have owned that did not have some kind of spike so I was concerned about the grip. It has not been an issue. In fact, in the rough, these shoes grip better than my traditional golf shoes with plastic spikes. I have also seen golf shoes with this type of sole that I thought were flat out ugly. These shoes I think are attractive and look like a golf shoe. I am extremely pleased with the shoe and consider it a good value for the price.
B006OEY2NC good golf shoe I ordered a half size larger than normal as a few others suggested and fit was a perfect.fit. Good golf shoe. Played nine after a good rain and shoes kept my feet dry. Shoe not quite as soft as I'd like but think after a few rounds they will be fine. I would rate it about a 4.5 stars but since there are no half increments I'll be fair and rate them a five star...
B006OEY2NC Great looking shoe. Great look and nice fit.  I would reccomend this shoe highly. I am thinking about getting another pair in case this pair gets wet.
B006OEY2NC PUMA golf shoe I read all the reviews before I purchased this product.  I was glad someone suggested to go with one size larger.  It is so true.  As far as the shoe is concerned, it is soft, comfortable and waterproof.  I don't feel tired after 18 holes.  However, it is not that great when you walk on wet surface.  It is a great product.
B006OEY2NC Good Quality Shoe The shoes fit well and are very comfortable. Good to wear as an all around shoe but the cleats catch on carpet and can trip you.
B006OEZTU2 Great shoe for the price very comfortable and lightweight shoe. The original cleats seem to lastlonger then any other shoe i have tried. The toe area is a bitthin and gets scuffed easily and lose its black coloring. Am surea bit of polish will fix this.
B006OEZTU2 Puma Golf Shoe I walk a total of 27 holes every week and so far the shoe holds up and is light to walk in them. I have been getting a lot of good natured ribbing because of the color of the shoes. I like it for the fit, comfort, and price
B006OFK01E Puma Golf Shoe I really liked the shoe, however the shoe was too small. Therefore I am having to send back and get a different pair.
B006OFK01E Puma Great product and a good price.  The shoes are great qualtiy.  They came as described and were a qualtiy golf shoe.  Thank you Amazon
B006OFK01E Very comfortable golf shoe. I bought these shoes to golf in the winter months in the Bay Area. They provide enough coverage and are very comfortable. Run to true size. A winner!
B006OG0FA4 Nice shoe Length is right. A bit stiff starting out. I would pick them again though. Very cute for a golf shoe.
B006OG0FA4 Great looking shoe It was the right sisize in length for my wife, but the width wasa little tight. Still love you Amazon.
B006OG0FA4 Great Shoe Looks great and the bottoms are better then your traditional screw in cleats. Probably the best looking lady golf shoe out there.
B006OG0FA4 Love the shoe got so many compliments, my golf buddies all wanted to know where I purchased them, and I told them amazon,very comfortable shoe love them, may have to buy another pair in a different color and the price is right.Thanks,JoAnn Oswald
B006QNQSV0 Puma Sneaker Shoe fits good and looks good.  However, due to rubber sole, it's slippery when walking in the rain or on a wet sugrface.  Also, note that description indicates &#34;Black&#34; but it' acutally brown.
B006QNQSV0 Great looking shoe! As others have noted, this shoe is not black but rather a dark brown. I usually wear an 8, and the 8 fit perfectly. This shoe is structured, giving my low arched feet a nice streamlined appearance. With a lot of flats, my arches tend to roll in. This will take a little time to break into as the heel is a little stiff, but i'm sure it be worth it! The soles are well cushioned making this a great shoe for walking around the city.
B006QNQSV0 Wish it came in BLACK 12 This is a very comfortable walking shoe.I usually wear size 10 - 11, depending on the width and model of the shoes.This shoe is the smallest size 11 I've ever owned.It feels more like 10 to me.So I guess, if they had size 12 , it might fit me better.I also wish it came in black.I guess I was in rush, I thought it did say black, when I bought it.But it is actually BROWN  (what Puma calls BLACK COFFEE)...I need black walking shoe for work, and was a bit disappointed .
B006QNQUH2 feel cheap I was very disappointed in this shoe.  I expected a little quality but was surprised to find the material and construction of this shoe felt rough and cheap.  I wore the shoe to go shopping and luckily I had several bandaides in my purse because I needed all of them just to walk out of the mall to my car.  I will never wear them again.  I never expected a Puma shoe to be so bad.
B006QNQUH2 Very comfortable and stylish shoe This is my favorite flat shoe.  It is very comfortable and is very comfortable from the start.  It is also very stylish and I have received many compliments on it.  It comes in many colors and I hope Puma continue to make this shoe.
B006QNQUH2 Not so comfortable I wore these for two days so far with thin socks and they are narrow in the front of the shoe. One shoe rubs against the back of my heel. They are ok. Cute but not that comfy
B006QNQUH2 Great Fit! Perfect Little shoe! Great Fit! Perfect Little shoe! So thrilled with this purchase! I want more in every color! haha! Okay not really but they really are a cozy little shoe. Perfect with my leggings.
B006QNQUH2 Less than expected I wear a 10.5 to 11M depending on shoe brand. I ordered an 11 in this shoe and from the minute I put it on I was pleased by the fit - not tight or short or narrow. I ordered these shoes Wed July 24th and The box was sitting on my stoop Fri, July 26th when I got home from work. I was so pleased with fit and comfort that I did not take them off: wore them straight out the door on a weekend trip. No break in needed.What I was not pleased with was the value. I agree with reviews that describe the materials as cheap. If I had paid $20 less for this shoe I would have given it five stars. I ordered the gray. On that weekend trip it rained so I had to wear another pair of shoes or I would have ruined the little bit of suede on this shoe as the rubber on the sole does not wrap up to protect the sides or back of the shoe. Also, there is no arch support and the footbed is not well cushioned.The sole is thin so you may want to avoid wet grass, pavement puddles and snow as I'm sure your feet will get wet. For as thin as the soles are it has decent traction on dry floors. Lastly, that velcro strap on the instep is purely for advertising purposes: it does not tighten the shoe at all.Three stars are for fit and cute-ness as this was the exact fit, color, and ballerina style I was looking for. For what I paid I was expecting a more substantial shoe, but I obviously liked it enough to keep it.
B006QO2SFO Wtf I tried to order the black pair featured in the default image and received a shoe that looks nothing like it. It has a mesh material instead of the leather as described about the shoe and it is white instead of black. The shoe I received is not even pictured in the options above! I am extremely disappointed, this is pretty much the complete opposite of the shoe I ordered. One good thing, at least the shoes are in good shape. But I am sending them back. Seriously, what the hell??
B006QO2XP4 great shoe I love these shoes.  They are light weight and fit great.  I recently had a hip replacement and have certain restrictions which prohibit me from tying shoe laces.  These shoes are a great alternative.
B006QO2XP4 Worth it! Bought these shoes for my fianc&eacute;e, & she feels comfortable in them...very well made expensive shoe for a great deal.
B006QO2XP4 Disappointing Am looking for hook and loop closure shoes for walking that are stylish and not white or black. These arrived and were disappointing. Ordered my regular size and they were much too big, heel came right outof the shoe. The shoe also had little support all around. I couldn't imagine walking for an hour or more in these. Returned and am still looking.
B006QO4NHK Not water resistant at all This is a nice, comfortable shoe, but certainly not water resistant. I went out walking and the morning dew in the grass went right through the shoe. It appears designed to be water resistant as it has a slip-on elastic opening. There is no standard tongue and the laces are simply to snug the shoe. I would have given it a 4 or 5 but for the misleading aspect of being water resistant. Not a good trail shoe since your feet get wet.
B006QOI4L6 fits like a glove Good fit for my foot. Would not be a workout shoe however but a good shoe to wear with jeans or shorts for casual wear.
B006QOI4L6 Great Shoe I love the color and design on the shoe.  When I first put them on I was unsure if I could wear them all day without foot pain.  I tried them anyway and my feet felt great!  I walk at a museum and am on my feet for several hours.  No foot pain at all.
B006QOIEY8 Damaged I LOVE the shoe but when i went to go try it on i noticed the loop where the shoe lace goes through is broken. I have to go get them repaired for $20. The shoes i got i paid 40 for which are no costing me $60.
B006QOIEY8 My FAVORITE high impact Zumba dance shoe I have been searching for a great high impact dance/zumba/workout shoe for YEARS! I workout several times a week and do Zumba at least 4 days. I follow 2 instructors, one is very high impact and implements a lot of hip hop in her class, the other is more of a salsa and latin type of dance class.........this shoe is perfect for both! I am relatively young for knee issues but have had several knee surgeries and a replacement before the age of 35 thus good shoes are a necessity. If you are familiar with Zumba there is a lot of twisting of the hips and knees and you find yourself standing on the balls of your feet, this shoe is awesome for all of that!!! I can wear these anywhere, I am not restricted to using them just for dance, I do a circuit weekly at the gym and can use these for that as well. Thanks PUMA for making my perfect shoe!
B006QOIEY8 My Zumba shoe! I bought this shoe specifically for Zumba classes and I love them! So much easier to do the moves with them on hardwood floors. Better for fitness dance than my all terrain running/hiking sneakers.
B006QOIEY8 Good shoes, needs more cushioning First off, 5 Stars for typical Puma styling, a very good looking shoe with a color scheme that's not over the top. 3 Stars, again, for typical Puma cushioning, in my opinion could use much more. Also this shoe ran very narrow, even for my M width foot, but I can wear it and it has conformed to my foot well enough, but I could've used a wider base. I got mine in a 9.5M, a 10M may have been too long, but I can live with this and the fit might improve over use.I agree with all the other reviewers here that's it great for Zumba. I also used it yesterday for Bootcamp Class, and it performed well enough though it wasn't a high intensity class, it did ok for plyos, but anything more would've been painful. Now for Zumba, I liked that it was very lightweight, I appreciated the sole of this shoe, had a pivot point and great arch support for my medium height arches. But, it was this same sole that caused my big toes to go numb during class. I can feel the plastic and even the round pivot point underneath the very flimsy and thin sole of the shoe, I tried lacing the shoe looser, and it helped a bit, but the numbness continued. To makes things worse, the insole is glued on, I can't even add my own insole. So now I'll add some thin insoles just for that extra cushion I need and see if this works.Overall, great looking shoe, performed well enough, could have been stellar with either better cushioning or even a removable insole for an easy fix for me. I've usually avoided Puma's as it has had the reputation of being all form over function, so when on sale it's nice to try them out and be pleasantly surprised how well they do. I hope the next iteration of this model would be well improved with better cushion and fit and I would buy again.
B006QOIEY8 beautiful shoe and great fit. this shoe has everything.  I have problem feet and these are very comfortable. they are also very sharp looking and fun to wear.
B006QOIGTG Great Shoe. I haven't worn them yet but, the style is classic and the colors are really cool. Looking for a slick hat to match! A must buy at $31.00 and free shipping.
B006QOIP88 Great shoe for a good deal I bought these as my &#34;gym shoes&#34; because my regular running one were becoming dirty from use.They fit well, are comfortable to run or weight train in. The style is nice, I've gotten a few compliments on them.Overall, good buy
B006QOIQ4Q Good short with great look This shoe fits well.  Although, the leather-like upper is less pliant than my previous Pumas, this shoe performs well as cross-trainer.  Good overall gym shoe.
B006QOIQ4Q Nice shoes They look good, they are comfortable and pretty light weight. There is no separated tongue in the shoe, by the way. There is a tongue but it's all part of the black body of the shoe. Not a big deal. Still comfortable.
B006QOIQ4Q Nice shoe for the price These were cheaper then the other shoes I got the same exact shoes different color but these one have more leather on them around the toes and are better looking then the other ones for a cheaper price wow how is that even possible?the only bad thing I can say is that the shoe lases are a lil short for my likening but other then that these things are great.
B006QOJ3HK Love the shoe I love this shoe but I thought that it was for a woman. It is a very stylish and colorful shoe. Love the mix of colors.
B006QOJ3HK Excellent for Working Out I love the feeling of the shoe. It is not a really heavy shoe, and it feels great on your feet. This is not just a shoe fore runners, but also great for any discipline. It also makes a great statement with its standoffish colors and designs. Although I have not had it long, I know that Puma is prominent for their long lasting, durable shoes and the sturdy build for this shoe leads me to believe it will not disappoint. I would recommend it to just about anyone with feet.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe to use in the gym Shoe is very well made. Comfortable to wear. Have only used for a week. Cannot comment on durability yet. Will update after few months.Bought it when it was on sale. Great shoe for the price.
B006QOJ8PM love this shoe its a well made shoe and i love the stitching...if you are looking for a classy looking all black sneaker this one is it
B006QOJ8PM Great purchase would do it again Great price, good fit, shoe fits perfect seems true to size!  I will buy again if the opportunity arrives down the road.
B006QOJ8PM Puma Men's Tazon 5 Cross Training Shoe Great shoe.  It fits well and is secure on my foot.  Previous Puma shoes ordered online have been hit or miss.  This shoe can serve as a work out shoe or casual walking shoe.  I recommend it.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe!! Pumas are generally a little narrow but they stretch a little with time. The look great and are comfortable overall. I personally think they aren't the best running shoe due to the lack of arch support.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe!! I'm very pleased with the look, the shape, and the size. Puma is my shoes for now I have had so many compliments. Thanks!!
B006QOJ8PM Nice stylish shoe I bought this shoe after having two pair of the Turin 2 running shoe from Puma.  I bought the same size shoe in the Tazon 5 and found it to run a little bigger than the previous 2 pair of Puma Turin 2 running shoes I had bought.  Was still able to wear the shoe without returning it.
B006QOJ8PM good shoe I love my Pumas even got a cool puma bag! Just what I wanted. buy this shoe!! Thank you very much
B006QOJ8PM nice pair of shoes Good shoe.. Went a size bigger as per the other reviews suggested. Very happy with my purchase. Good running shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable shoe I purchased this shoe as a &#34;walker&#34; for a daily concrete walk with my wife.  I was seeking comfort, so I purchased the shoe too big (11.5) when I normally buy a smaller size (10.5).  That was too much.  You can probably size 0.5 up rather than a full size if all you need is a thumb's width of space in the front of the toe box.The shoe is completely made of attractive faux leather. There are tiny air holes on the sides, and larger air holes on the toes.  The front sole is very thin, more suitable for a 50 yard dash than a long run.  The heel is as thick and soft as any running shoe.  The insole is like a foam Dr. Scholl's air cushion, meaning it is not Styrofoam.  There is no visible arch support.The shoe is attractive and very comfortable to wear in the house.  Due to the thinness of the front sole, I have not tried this shoe for walking, running, or any outdoor use.  I have high arches and one previously-broken-but-now-sorta-healed foot bone.  It is possible this shoe would be suitable for cross training or running on a cushioned treadmill, provided the wearer is strictly a heel striker.  For looks and indoor comfort, this shoe would rate 5 stars, but subtract one star for the thin sole.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! Very comfortable and did not give me blisters.  There was a great deal last week and I jumped on it but would pay regular price if I had to.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! For me these have been a great shoe.  They hold up to daily wear.  I have worn the to work (casual office environment), on the weekends running errands, and recently worn them to the gym to lift weights.  The shoes upper (leather or leather like) clean up well with a shoe brush to get dust and other light dirt off.  Keeps the shoes looking good.They support my foot comfortable.  During the workout I worn the to do high bar squats and the shoes heel supports my foot better not as squishy as some other puma models I have worn to squat in. I felt very stable during the lifts very nice.I have ran and played with my two dogs in them and they were great in the park.  Like these style and model of puma shoes very much.
B006QOJ8PM Great product Good product, comfortable running shoe. Light with good arc support for my feet. I am very sattified with this Puma running shoe
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Exactly as pictured.The person I bought it for loved it.If they are 100% satisfied then so am I.
B006QOJ8PM Wonderful Shoe I was a little against ordering shoes off the web because of the fit but these shoes fit perfect got to order more good wearing shoe
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! These shoes are great. Not only do they look better in person, they are very comfortable. After a 3 mile run my feet felt great. Can't go wrong with these.
B006QOJ8PM Ok shoe but will not buy again The shoe looks great however it seems to run small in size. Very snug in the toe areas. I dont intend on buying these again.
B006QOJ8PM Excellent workout shoe; order half size up I currently run about 20 miles a week as part of my exercise routine; this shoe wouldn't do very well for that. However, what it does do is provide a very comfortable sole for my feet when I lift weights or cross-train. If you are a looking for a non-running gym shoe or walking shoe, this pair of Puma Tazons are perfect.Just a side note, I have several pairs of Pumas and I always order a half-size up. For example, I wear size 10 Nike but 10.5 Puma.
B006QOJ8PM Great pair if shoes This shoe fits very well. Its a very nice looking shoe and is very comfortable walking , running in or working out in.I will buy another pair.
B006QOJ8PM good shoe I like the shoes and I saw people saying they run small but mine are big and im a size 9 shoe so i got the 10 and they are a little big but ill grow into them. great shoe overall by design and durability
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe My husband was looking for a good cross training shoe for the BeachBody program T25 with Shaun. My hubby wears size 13 dress shoes and after reading the reviews, I gambled and got the size 14 shoe. So glad I did! They fit him comfortably and perfectly. Not sure if I would have paid full price but glad I got these on Lightning. They look pretty stylish and my little girls love the cats on the shoes!All in all, a good buy!
B006QOJ8PM Great looking shoe. I get a lot of complements. I am more than pleased with the look of the shoe. I, however have some reservations about the comfort level. I had to by arch supports for my high arches so the snug fit forces my foot closer to the top of the shoe. At this time it is causing some irritation because of the way the tongue of the shoe is connected.Hopefully, this will subside when the shoe is broken in.
B006QOJ8PM Most comfortable shoe I ever have wore Most comfortable shoe I ever have had!  The size was correct and from the minute I put it on was perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Snug but comfy. Shoes were a little snug in the width. But overall, a comfortable shoe at a great price. Would buy 1/2 size bigger next time.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome shoe I generally wear a 12 and ordered a 12 and they fit perfectly. Pumas are a bit tight in the toe section of the shoe and theses are similar but the size was as expected and I thought the price was very reasonable.
B006QOJ8PM nice shoe I ware a lot of shoes these are very comfortable. Great deal when I bought them they were 40 bucks.
B006QOJ8PM It is a good shoe I love the design on the pumas. The only problem was that it was a little snug. So it you get this shoe get I a half size bigger. Other than that it's a great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Good value Good all around workout shoe. I'm a fitness instructor and it does the job for me. I recommend the shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Love When I received my shoe, I try it really fit and comfortable for me, it's look good and good price too. Fast delivery with free, I really like it so much...
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Great stylish shoe from PUMA.  Just the right amount of subtleness and style for my taste.  Great price too.  Fits as described.
B006QOJ8PM Good walking shoe Pleased with the construction and fit.Believe I would ptrfer a darker color (these have a patent leather look and feel) but suspect that they will feel/look like a comgfortable old shoe after a few weeks.
B006QOJ8PM great!! This is a great shoe at a great price. Recommend to everyone. but you have to take it on more size.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe This is a great fitting shoe.  Very supportive, my son has flat feet and there is a nice arch support in this shoe. Very durable and easy to clean with just a damp cloth
B006QOJ8PM Most comfortable shoe I own! These are the most comfortable tennis shoe I've ever owned.  They do fit slightly small.  They are not as wide as the same size shoe in other brands but for my feet they still fit just fine.  If you have a wide or tall arch you'll probably need to go up half a size.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe First time I have purchased a pair of &#34;Puma's&#34; and I love them. The are true size and look slick.
B006QOJ8PM son's favorite shoe my son loves this style of Puma, they are sometimes hard to find. so i bought him two pairs. he wears them as a general shoe and also to work out and run in, so that is why i bought 2
B006QOJ8PM shoe made too small very attractive shew.  After i bought the shoe on Amazon with a good price and free shippinng, alas i had to return it.  I have since learnedfrom other reviewss that with Puma, the shoe should be bought at least a half size larger.  I wish Amazon would have suggested that.  Unfortunately Amazon doesn't have the shoe in the next half size larger.  I am returning for refund.
B006QOJ8PM Great I love these shoes. They look great and fit great too. I typically wear 10.5 -11 depending on the shoe. I ordered an 11.5 shoe and they fit great.
B006QOJ8PM Amazing! This shoe was amazing! I ordered it half a shoe size bigger and it fits like a glove. Very comfortable sneaker and great during workouts.
B006QOJ8PM Disappointed Does not fit true to size. Was too small and too narrow. Other issues were a &#34;lump&#34; in the right heel making the shoe very uncomfortable. Gel insoles did not help.Now I remember why I haven't purchased a pair of PUMA's since junior high.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe This is a great shoe.  Fit just a hair larger then expect but still works just fine.  Would buy another pair.
B006QOJ8PM Great deal on a quality shoe.. A great shoe at an unbelievable price! Comfy, classic yet sleek look. You can't go wrong with these. Size was true..
B006QOJ8PM It has all you kan wish from a training shoe Landvetter, the 18th of January 2014Hej,I am very satisfied with Puma's training shoe. I liked the color and it fits perfectely .Thank you very much.Best Regards,Nicolas RenneByv&auml;gen 33SE-438 36 LandvetterSWEDEN
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars Great shoe from a great company.
B006QOJ8PM very good buy! Ive had this shoe for about a month now and im very happy with it! I use this shoe for daily use including weigh lifting and running,never had any problems with it. the fit is good and it broke in rather quick as well
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe Nice shoe, I got a compliment the first time out! Good fit
B006QOJ8PM They are ok I thought it was a cross training shoe. But says running inside the shoe. A little narrow in the in step. So don't buy if you got wide feet. Short shoe laces
B006QOJ8PM Very comfortable cross-training shoe I really like the feel of these shoes.  I usually wear ASICS (which I love) but decided to give these a try after viewing them in a running shoe store.  I have a neutral foot (not pronated or supernated) and a medium arch, and these support my foot very well.  I think it's important to buy a shoe based on your foot and body frame.  You can check Road Runner Sports online for shoe recommendations based on your profile.  I think it would save you lots of headaches to purchase the right shoe the first time.These shoes run about a 1/2 size too small.  I normally wear a 10, but had to return these for a 10.5.  The slightly larger size fit perfectly.  Amazon is great with returns.They also run a bit narrow, so if you have a wide foot these may not be for you.  I am not certain if they come in other widths.  They are snug when you first get them, but they adapt quickly to your width.  I prefer this snug fit compared to other shoes which are too wide to start.  The snug fit offers more support.  Overall, this is a very good shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Puma men's Tazon My husband loves the Tazon5MN running shoe.His foor doctor told him to get a good running shoe. He has a lot of trouble with his feet. He said that they feel good on his feet
B006QOJ8PM Decent running shoe I liked the design and looks of this shoe but its not comfortable after I run for 10 minutes, feels some pain in foot. I have another shoe of same size but my foot never hurts even if I run for 40 minutes in that one. I feel I should have bought a one size bigger shoe it would have been perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Not a cross-training shoe The shoe was well constructed, but the sole and heel were hard and uncomfortable.  On the inside of the shoe, the word 'Running' was proudly displayed.  Odd?  No, because this is not a cross-training shoe!  It's a running shoe.  Totally misrepresented on the web site.  Just look at the picture.  What's missing is the side support characteristic of a cross-training shoe.  You need that support for true cross-training -type work outs.  This shoe may be great for running, but don't buy it if you do anything else.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe at a nice price I was looking for a nice tennis shoe for walking, going to the gym or just to wear.  I saw this tennis shoe, liked the look of it and decided to buy it without delay.  Fits great, it's a comfortable shoe besides being stylish.
B006QOJ8PM Shoes A nice looking shoe for a decent price. The only con about this shoe is that it doesn't vent well, thus causing your feet to sweat more, especially during the summer.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe I have never purchased shoes online before, but I was very pleased with this shoe. It fits and is very comfortable. I wear them out to social events as well as sporting events because it's just a good shoe. Will get dirty if you live a dirt lifestyle. Shape up.
B006QOJ8PM Great looking shoe that feels great Not my first PUMA purchase and definitely not my last.  It fits snugly and is light enough that I don't notice it's there.  It's not approaching the lightness of those barely there shoes but light enough that I don't feel the excess weight on my legs.  Commenting on the size, I read the previous posts where people were suggesting purchasing a half to full size larger than their regular size because of the tight fit.  I say don't do that and just buy your regular size.  This shoe was meant to be snug almost like a second skin.  Mind you I said &#34;snug&#34; not &#34;tight.&#34;  If you're losing feeling in your toes, then yes that tight.  But for me it fits fine without having to size up.  I don't like it when my shoes get those creases from normal use; you know around the toe area where it bends.  The fabric of this shoes doesn't feel like it'll get those creases or at least not as many.  Overall I'm happy: my PUMAs fit well and look good.
B006QOJ8PM A great gym shoe I ordred these as a gym shoe and they are absolutely fantastic for that. Comfortable, supportive and the heel is high enough that they don't slip too much when you flex your ankle forward and backward. I even wear them with orthotics and they are deep enough that I don't ever slip out.
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Great, nice looking shoe.  Fits as expected and is made of quality materials that seem like they will hold up!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the price... Was in the market for a new shoe to hit the Gym in and got this on Sale for about $40, and honestly wish I'd bought another pair or two. Fits great and my feet don't hurt at the end of my workouts. I spend a decent amount of time on the treadmill as well as other activities involving lifting weights.Great shoe, better than expected.
B006QOJ8PM great stylish shoe Bought these for a Fathers Day gift. Hubby loved them. Great casual shoe, great fit and great style. Very happy
B006QOJ8PM Great fit great looks A great looking shoe, my first puma purchase and about 20 miles they are wearing in just right.  Great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Solid shoe, black and white design is my choice. Lasted over a year everyday use. Pumas are hard to come by in my area....this shoe rocked out my casual and play for over a year. Didn't blow the sides out like previous shoes, but they are fully worn down (wear em till they break attitude, waste nothing!) they were a great shoe. Would reorder another pair. Colorblind so simple black and white are great and go with almost everything I wear, so no worries (unlike running shoes like my gf just bought from puma, no extream or confusing color pairs on shoes that will clash with clothing)If you are a fan of puma then this is a pretty standard pick. If new to puma then this is a good intro shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Needed One Size Larger Normally wear 13E in New Balance, took the advice on sizing up and the shoe fits great even with my inserts.
B006QOJ8PM These are quite attractive They even passed the eye test of my teenage daughter -and she hates everything.  The quality of the upper is a little suspect.  I have not worn them for long enough to know how it will hold up.  But, it does look pretty synthetic.The fit was fine.  I felt that the length was good.  They are a bit snug vertically, with the top of the shoe touching my toes even when still as opposed to my toes having a gap to rise up and hit the top of the shoe when walking.  But, I rather like that snugness.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Walking Shoe Comfy, firm fit. Durable quality material. Well made and attractive. Makes a nice walking shoe.I prefer a more spongy running shoe, but Puma works as an all around choice.
B006QOJ8PM very stylish I am completely satisfied with this shoe. I wanted an athletic shoe with style, the Puma Tazon 5 is exactly what I was looking for.
B006QOJ8PM This is a very comfortable shoe I like Puma shoes, but sometimes they are narrow in the toe area.  This shoe is very comfortable and has soft leather.  Very stylish.
B006QOJ8PM highly recommend Bought this for my husband. He wore it once and said five words &#34;it fits like a boss&#34;. Its everything he looks for in a shoe but didnt expect to get it from puma. Hats off to puma.. great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Excellent I bought it for my son. He like this shoe very much. He is very happy with this shoe. Thanks
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe, runs small, not for avid runners. I work in Chicago and I wanted a shoe to wear to and from the train. I wanted a black shoe that does not overly &#34;standout&#34; when wearing business casual attire - this shoe does just that. Good looking shoe, nice leather and comfortable for walking. Note: these run a 1/2 size small and are pretty narrow. These are not running shoes since they don't come close to my Asics though which are twice the price. I wish this shoe had more arch support. Would buy again for my current use. Good price. I gave a generous 4 stars, 3.5 would be more appropriate.
B006QOJ8PM nice light shoe This shoe is a light good looking shoe. Seems to run small. I should have gotten a half size bigger but they didn't have them as they were a close out.
B006QOJ8PM Good all around shoe I mostly wear these as daily foot wear.  I used them one time for running (1.5 miles) for work.  They did just fine.  I would not buy them as a running shoe, but in the gym and short distance occasional running is fine.Comfortable every day shoe.
B006QOJ91U Five Stars nice shoe
B006QOJ91U Fantastic Shoe! This shoe could not be more comfortable and they fit like a glove. Great for my job as a professional caddie I definitely would recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of walking!
B006QOJ91U Great look, comfortable I have been working out in this shoe for a few weeks now and couldn't be more happy with it. It's comfortable and light. Great buy.
B006QOJDAW I really like this shoe This shoe is very versitile and is pretty comfortable for a flat shoe. The only problem is that they run a little narrow and short. I wear a size 11 and ordered the same. My toe was slightly touching the top of the shoe when I walk.
B006QOJDAW I wouldn't recommend this shoe for anyone This shoe is the most uncomfortable shoe that I've ever purchased.  It is too stiff and although I ordered a larger size, it is still uncomfortable and tight.  I wouldn't recommend this shoe for anyone.
B006QOJDAW Great shoe but.... I wear a size 6.5 in every shoe that I buy however, this particular style runs small.  Order a half size up.
B006QOJSXE Really cute shoes I was so excited to get this shoe because the colors and style really appealed to me, but they only had a 6.5 in stock, when I normally look for a 6. Knowing that Puma can tend to run a little small, I decided to go for the 6.5, but this style turned out to be too big in that size, so I had to send them back and exchange them. I was sad I couldn't keep them, but I'm very happy with the shoe I chose to exchange them for (Puma Women's Asha Shoe/Puma Silver/Fluorescent Purple).
B006QOK6TY Puma Women's Janine Dance Flower Fashion Sneaker, Linestone Grey/Puma- very good shoe - works well! They seem fine - just started wearing them to exercise class.  Like them.  Great shoe for the cost - thanks.
B006QOK6TY Great kick around shoe I really like this shoe.  It goes with just about everything and is very confortable.  Size is accurate so a good fit is very possible.
B006QOK6TY Great Dance Sneaker Overall, I think this shoe gets the job done for a great price. The shoe is very fashionable. The silver swoosh in my opinion, does NOT make the shoe look &#34;cheap&#34; as others suggested. I mean, they are cheap... they're under $40 but still Puma quality. The shoe does fit tight but consider this: It's an athletic shoe- you usually get a half size bigger than your regular shoe size, and it's a dance shoe- which fit snugly. I ordered a half size bigger like I normally do for all athletic shoes and they fit perfectly!The only thing holding me back from giving it a full 5 stars is the fact that it could probably use a little more cushioning. I do high impact fitness dance and I would have been happier with a little more padding.
B006QOK6TY Cute style, absurdly uncomfortable Super cute shoe, love the styling. But possibly the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever warn. For first wearing it it runs in all the wrong spots and is super rigid. I can't imagine anyone wearing this shoe more than 3 minutes. Immediately got returned.
B006QOK96Y So so Shoe is ok for the money, for running to the grocery store, errands.  It's not a high end running shoe.  Kinda stiif, runs a bit wide, still cute enough to keep for a runnin' around shoe that you won't mind getting wet or dirty.
B006QOKWDE It's alright I guess!!! Is this your 1st time shoe purchase online? Nice puma sneakers but I would have wanted to have tried 'em on before purchased.  The reason for this is because I normally wear size 7 - 7.5, depending on shoe, style, brand, etc. I ordered a size 7 and fits a little bigger and makes the shoe uncomfortable. But other than that I did get lots on compliments.So i would suggest while out and about near mall try 'em on to be sure your right size. Then if cheaper online ,ORDER 'EM! =]
B006QOL57G Perfect I would recommend this shoe to everyone. Its good for running and for work because its comfortable and good looking.
B006QP38XY Great feel and look. I have only had the shoes about a week but I love how they feel on my feet and the style of the shoe. Would recommend to anyone looking for this style shoe.
B006QP38XY Another good shoe from Puma Fits perfect. Not flashy. I don't like to wear flashy stuff, but this shoe is about as far as I go!
B006QP3CCQ Not as they look in photo This shoe is really thin. The laces start too close on the toes, and the lace holes are way too wide on the shoe. I thought these shoes were slim like chuck taylors, they aren't, so I sent them back.
B006QPLSZ4 One of the best looking shoe ever I love this shoe; the first time you wear it, it feels like you're walking on marshmallow. But later on, the effects fade.Also, I would like to suggest that this shoe would make bend marks the more you use it (mine is on the inside side, it has a folded look because of my overpronation) depending on your walking style. Regular walking wouldn't make a mark. But the style is still awesome.Also since this is a Puma shoe, take note that the width may be a little slim.
B006QPM5GA Great looking Shoe. Lightweight Shoe. Great Color. A narrow fit so a size to size and a half will fit perfect. Great for fashion, not for true athletic competition.
B006QPN3ZW Great shoes! Great shoe as I expected coming from Puma.  Puma and BMW, what else could you ask for in a shoe.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear these out.
B006QQ0QWY Very nice Very nice looks just like photo and fits perfectly very excellent quality and durability . I highly recommend this shoe
B006QQ0WYG Just what I wanted I'm not really into the excitement of shoe buying but I tell you what these shoes are very stylish. I really like the puma cat on the inside of the shoe, and of course the awesome Ferrari symbol. It pretty much can go together with anything..
B006QQ0Y7G GREAT TRAINING SHOE GREAT TRAINING SHOE FOR KUNG FU, ROPE WORK OR JUSY CHILLIN ON A SUMMER DAY, WOULD LOVE TO SEE WHAT ELSE YOU HAVE.
B006QQ0Y7G Good looking shoe with unimpressive build quality and support This is a very good looking, unique shoe.  While I'm glad I bought it, I'm a little disappointed with the &#34;build quality&#34; of the shoe (particularly around the heel area where the sole meets the rest of the shoe - the red part of the rubber is a little deformed/uneven - but not too visible unless you look pretty closely).  I guess for the relatively low price, one can't complain much.  Also, you give up comfort for the good looks - there is not much arch support.  If you are going to wear these for short periods of time like I do, you should be fine.
B006QQ13DU Comfortable shoe with good support. I ordered the Puma Terai hiker sneaker as well, so I wanted to try the hiker boot.  The hiker book does fit well and it very comfortable, especially for hiking trails.  Overall it is a good shoe that fits very well.
B006QQ1B3W Good shoe Good shoe what can i say. Very comfortable and stylish. If you want comfort and looks this is the shoe.
B006QQ1C5E GOOD CONSTRUCTION, FAIR COMFORT They're well put together and the Velcro system makes &#34;tying&#34; them much easier than shoe laces (which is why I tried them). My major complaint was the narrowing of the toe area made them a little tight in that area, at least for me as I have a broad foot. I previously have had a similar shoe from Prophet which has much more room in the toe area and have decided to get another pair of those so I returned the Pumas.
B006QQ1C5E A very nice shoe for the money. My son is very picky about his shoes and he finds this style very comfortable. It's a nice shoe for the money.
B006QQ1DUI excellent riding shoe! Ive bought those from Amazon.  Price was excellent and shipping was very quick! Shoe itself looks very good, made of great looking material and by a very good and know company..puma! I bought those to match my Ducati...those Testastretta 3 shoes look great and fit very well too. Sizing seems to be perfect, I wear a size 8 to 8.5, ordered 8.5 and they fit very well. I will update this once riding season arrives and im able to test the shoe a little more.
B006QQ1HZ4 Good Kitty All shoes are not the same and that's why I buy Puma's... shoe looks great and feels good.  Excellent driving shoe and quite comfy on my feet. Your probably not going to score 40 points against the Lakers in them, but you will stroll into the arena with a very good looking and comfortable shoe. Size is accurate.... and probably not a good choice for those with flat wide feet.
B006QQ1HZ4 Asymmetrical lacing looks cool, but results in shoe collar digging into foot's cuboid bone. This shoe's collar is made of rigid mirrored plastic, which digs into your forefoot just below the ankle, every time you bend your foot.  It's a shame, considering how comfortable Puma shoes usually are.
B006QQ1HZ4 My Favorite Shoe I own or have owned 6 pairs of Future Cats and it is by far my favorite shoe.  The color choices are great because I like shoes that are NOT neutral.  The slim silhouette, off center lacing, lack of squishy cushioning, and low heel make it my shoe of choice when doing lifting in the gym.  I can feel the floor though these shoes and they accommodate my orthotics.  Plus super cute with jeans and casual clothing.You will probably need to size up a full size, I do.  Also, these shoes are not wide.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great looking shoe and comfortable as well! Wear this shoe for Zumba dancing.  Wears well and is very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe!Great looking shoe!!!
B006QQ1HZ4 Be a little Flamboyant! I normally wear a 11D, but ordered this shoe a 11 1/2 D and it fits very well and is comfortable. This is a fun shoe even if you don't have a Ferrari.  I also bought a pair for my son which he likes but now he has his eye on my black ones.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great Looks, ok fit Picked this shoe due to how it looks and it was even better than what I expected.  I have received numerous comments on how it looks and where can others get a pair.  A step above an ordinary tennis shoe.  But, I would not try to run in this shoe, there is little sole and not much for support but if you are looking for a tennis shoe to wear on casual Friday's, it is a great choice.
B006QQ1MAY Beautiful I got it for 30.00 and after seeing it in person would have payed full price for it. I absolutely love this shoe and it looks gorgeous. This is one of my favorite if not my new favorite shoe. It is also very comfortable.
B006QQ1MAY Comfortable shoe This shoe is comfortable and looks great, but they are a narrow shoe. I'm hoping they stretch out a little on me, so I can wear them while walking around for long periods of time
B006QQI3ZQ Great shoe. Great shoe, wears well and has a comfortable fit. That's all you need to know for a shoe purchase. Compulsory word inserted here.
B006QQI76Q 3rd pair this style of shoe fits my son perfectly - he has a narrower foot and the shape and design works great for him -- this was the third pair of this shoe he has had.
B006VEPKTK Great Cleat! Looks awesome, a little bit of a wider shoe compared to most soccer shoes in this size!  It seemed to be nice and comfy for my son, got him 2 goals in its first use!
B006VEQH42 Decent quality shoe that looks good My son's favorite color is orange and I really liked the design and good reviews on this shoe. Glad I purchased it as it the shoe and it's coloring is holding up well.
B006VYGLHA Great Concept but poorly manufactured I bought these high tops for my 9yr old because he wanted to use them with his MP3 player.  First of all, the port on the connecting wire is not compatible with all mp3's, therefore, he hasn't been able to even use this part of the shoe. Second, there's an additional techno sound which is played through the speakers of the tongue, activated by stomping.  This button gets stuck and there's no way to quiet the shoe! :(. Not good while in school.  The idea was great, except that there's no way to access the power or substitute another type of connecting wire.
B006W0R9S8 Great shoe I bought this shoe for my 6year old and he's not had any complaints. He says they are very comfortable and I thiink the look is great!
B006W1DT1I Nice shoe.  Looks so good on her. A little big but she will grow into them.  Will buy again when she grows out of them.  She is 3 and can put them on herself.
B006WBB4D8 I'm a Puma fan! The Puma Women's Wynne Pearl Shoe fits a little snug in the toe of the right foot, but it could be that my body is changing size over the years and too, my right foot has always been slightly bigger than my left food. I could have gone up a 1/2 size I suppose, but I wanted them to fit snug. I am wearing a cotton sock on the snug fitting shoe and after a couple of days, they are fitting fine now. I have Puma running shoes that I use at my club for doing a fast walk around the track and they are absolutely great. I feel light and steady on my feet and after years of wear they just get better and better!
B006WBUL1Y Love this shoe! I have this shoe in size 10 in gray.  I like the shoe so much because it is so comfortable and looks very nice.  But the size 10.5 was too large.
B006WBUL1Y Loved the look but didn't fit I loved the look of this shoe.  I've been looking for a minimalist shoe that was stylish enoughto wear with jeans etc.  Unfortunately, the shoe was so wide that I had to return it.  I do nothave an extremely narrow foot (usually a medium width) but I couldn't keep this shoe on withoutit slipping off of my foot.  I really wish that it had worked out as it felt comfortable otherwise.
B006WCN6QK Puma Men's Jiyu V NU Sneaker I bought a Puma Velcro Sneaker back in 2001 at Nordstrom Rack for 60.00 and had it for 12 years and wore out the sole down to the plastic. Never found a Puma with velcro anywhere here in Hawaii so i decided to look on Amazon. The shoe fit perfect when i received it. Its well built Sole looks like it will last along time. Shoe feels good wearing it and velcro works well and looks like it will last a long time. Might look into their running shoes with the velcro. I would recommend this velcro shoe for casual and walking shoe.
B006WCN6QK Nice Style Good looking shoe, great style. I like the velcro straps, as I travel often through airports, off and on with ease.  I would wish I would of gone up a 1/2 size, still a little tight in the toe box.
B006WDOIEI Good Shoe It's a great shoe. Very comfortable. It arrived earlier than expected.My only problem though. When I received the product, the bottom part on the inside of the shoe was already loose and came out before even wearing them. I figured it wasn't worth the hassle of sending them back so I just glued it back together. I was disappointed with that but overall happy with the shoe.
B006WDOIEI Everyone likes this shoe I get loads of women saying they love this shoe, and where did I get it? I think the color is really pleasing and it's a minimal profile for a &#34;running shoe&#34;. It is actually a fashion sneaker, but I would definitely take it to the gym for walking and working out.
B006WDOSUC Great shoe for problem feet Due to foot & achilles problems, I have trouble finding a shoe that works for me. This shoe works well. It has enough support without being overly cushy (a problem that causes extra stress on the achilles). A really good buy for the price, it is attractive & well made. However, be aware that it fits small. I had to order one size bigger than my normal size, but that worked perfectly for my feet. I would recommend the shoe to others.
B006WEI3BQ great for the gym Great lightweight shoe for the gym. I don't think the light foam sole would last long on the road, but for a Gym shoe it is perfect.
B006WEI3BQ Good shoe I have this shoe in a different color from the Puma website, it was cheaper here so I thought I would try it. It seemed a little cheap. The seams are splitting a little, but the shoes are very very comfy!
B006WEI3BQ Very Lightweight Running Shoe I bought these shoes for use on a treadmill. They are lightweight and flexible in the arch. The shoes seemed OK outside too but they have mostly been used inside.My only complaint was the shoe dug into my heel causing bad blisters until they were broken in.
B006WEI3BQ Nice shoe, for fashion.. not running! These are too cute... I love pairing them with skinny jeans when I want a casual sporty look... I usually wear heals and these are a very fashionable &#34;dress down&#34; shoe... They aren&#8217;t for running though... they don&#8217;t provide the support for that
B006WO90Q8 "Hey! Nice Shoes" I have worn these twice so far - once around the house and once to work. People have commented on them constantly which is pretty cool I guess. They really are a nice-looking shoe.I am used to Pumas and they are my choice for casual sneakers. Pumas can sometimes fit a bit narrow for me.But these are nice and comfortable - for the most part.I've noticed something a bit odd with my pair: the left shoe feels much different than the right.You can see in the product photos the bottom of the shoe has black pads. The ball of my right foot feels like it rests ON the pad, while the left foot feels like it rests in BETWEEN pads - a very awkward feeling when walking.I will probably keep these as I will tell myself they just need to be &#34;broken in&#34;. They are comfortable otherwise and look pretty sharp. That's apparently good enough for me!
B006WTGWZU Perhaps not the most kid friendly. My wife and I love these shoes for my kid. We like that old 80's hip-hop aesthetic. My son prefers his Nike Free Trainers better, and I understand as they perform better for someone engaged in running about. He likes the look, but he considers them to be more of a &#34;dress up&#34; shoe than an everyday choice. Puma makes a solid shoe, I had a pair of Liga's myself for indoor soccer and loved them for casual wear. However, if you are looking for something for your child and he or she is very active you might want to try another style or brand.
B006ZNNYPE AWESOME SHOE I think this shoe fits well, good support, do not normally buy Puma but will again, the color really draws attention to the shoe
B006ZNNYPE Great running shoe with a great price This is a great running shoe, especially for runners that over pronate.  I've been using the shoe for the past few weeks on moderate distances and it's been great.  It's a very light running shoe with a good fit.  Puma was never on my list of great running shoes but now they are and they do it with a great price.
B006ZNNYPE Good Running Shoe I'm still looking for the perfect shoe for me. These are good shoes. Nothing wrong with them at all, but they're not perfect for me.
B006ZNNYPE Excellent shoe for over pronators I hope Puma keeps making this shoe.  It is the first shoe I have ever worn that corrects over pronation comfortably and naturally, instead of just building up the arch and putting in a rigid heel cup. It's all in the build of the sole, and feels like you are wearing a custom orthotic only without the hard feel. You can feel your foot strike being corrected, and I just had the first run in a long time without knee pain and my hamstring tightening up from my gait. There is enough cushioning for comfort without that squishiness that creates too much give and "wobble" in the shoe when you land. Especially good shoe if at least part of your overpronation is due to an uneven heel that causes you to roll in from the outset, and also if you have a tendency toward knock knees.The toe box is a good, wide shape, and the shoe laces up snugly over the foot, a little higher than usual on the inside maybe but certainly not uncomfortable.  This may be due in part to the fact that I am a woman wearing a man's shoe because I need a wide fit and the woman's shoe doesn't come in wide.  I would normally wear a woman's 9.5 E, and am very comfortable in a men's 8D with no slipping in the heel. A great answer to all those pointy-toed Nikes that do not resemble the shape of the human foot.All that remains is to see how long the shoe and its corrective capacities last.
B006ZNNYPE Overall good shoe Very solid shoe, somewhat a little hard, probably Will need to wear them down a little bit, but Very recomended
B006ZNNYPE Very good Very good puma. Excellent for running. Take the advantage to get it and start moving your body with this great shoe.
B006ZO2ZJY Beautiful shoe Great color and fit for a 13 year old. Good sole on shoe for traction, Would recommend this shoe now.
B006ZO2ZJY Very Light and the Colour is Great! This is an amazingly light shoe and I'm looking forward to my workouts a little more.  They are a good shoe to try if you're thinking of transitioning to a minimalist (barefoot) running shoe.  When compared to my Asics, the sole feels a lot thinner and there is a lot less arch support.Be careful when choosing your size.  I wear an 8 1/2 and ordered a 9 just in case they run small.  They don't.  They're true to size and I'm going to put up with mine having a little more room at the toes.
B006ZO2ZJY Nice shoe but slightly large I got the shoe in the same size I usually get for Pumas but there was a lot more room in the toe of the shoe. It felt great otherwise and I used them until I got different pair of Pumas that I bought from a physical store and tried on. I gave these to my daughter who has a slightly bigger foot than me and she likes them. Overall great shoe but I would order a half size down from usual.
B006ZO2ZJY great running shoe I just received a pair of these shoes in the Gloxinia/White/Flame Orange color for Christmas.  The color of the shoe is much more intense/bright than I expected and while at first I was unsure if I liked it, it has grown on me.  The real perk of this shoe is the extreme breath-ability experienced due to the full upper mesh material on the top and sides of the shoe. While jogging my feet tend to get really hot in most athletic shoes but I can tell these will allow for proper ventilation.  I also like that they are very lightweight and comfortable.Pros: ventilated, lightweight, comfortable, true to sizeCons: very little arch support
B006ZO2ZJY love them Love them. Comfortable and light wieght.  They are true to size.if you want a comfortable walking shoe, these are the ones for you.
B00712KP4G Adorable I have never been a &#34;shoe&#34; person but for some reason I love buying shoes for my little people. These are adorable and even in kindergarten his friends give him shoe compliments haha.
B00712KP4G Good sneaker for the price. Durable good looking light shoe. My son was very happy with this stylish item. Only shoe company that makes lots of styles with velcro.
B0071BUDRG awesome shoe one of the best shoe ever made by puma , super comfort, awesome look,between all the others sports sneaker i think this is the best, i'll buy the one in the other colour.
B0071BUID0 Great Shoe They have an amazing look and the fit and feel great!! Would recommend to buy for anyone looking for that all purpose shoe.
B0071BUID0 A Nice Change! Haven't worn Puma's since I was a youngster, Have now bought two pairs in the last month thanks to cool offers from Ferrari and Ducati. Both look and fit amazingly well and the price compared to the standard fare offered in chain shoe stores is fantastic! This shoe feels very comfortable despite its narrow look. Also very uniquely constructed. Love it!
B0071BVJ10 Great shoe. Very lightweight and comfortable for a driving shoe.  I wouldn't plan on standing in these for a really long time, but the heel padding does make them a decent shoe to walk around in them a bit.  They feel great while driving and give lots of pedal feel.  I am glad I purchased these shoes.
B0071BVJ10 They are a F1 racing shoe replica..! they are great...! those shoes feel great and they look awesome... they have a similar look to the Racing Shoe that Mercedes Petronas uses in Formula 1.... that's why i got them... they have that racing look...
B0071BW9KK color not as described I ordered this shoe because the description was red and lime, but in reality the shoe is gray and coral no lime at all.  The shoe is very comfortable so I kept it and have worn it several times, but it is not red.I would recommend the shoe but only if you aren't looking for a certain color.
B0071BW9KK horrible shoe This product was just poor quality. Not the shoe i thought it was. I usually love pumas but te is too plastic...
B0071BW9KK Good Shoe Unfortunately the size was 1/2 size too small.  This runs about a half size small (from my experience).  However, it is a well made shoe, but I was not crazy about how shiny the plastic/rubber sole is.  That being said, it is a good shoe and would recommend it to anyone who wants a very nice looking and comfortable sneaker.
B0071BW9KK PUMA WOMENS TAKALA SHOE I WEAR A 7.5 BUT HAD TO RETURN AND GET A SIZE 8 ..BUT BESIDES THAT I LOVE THE SHOE AND ITS FIT,,
B0071BW9KK Runs small The shoe is lovely but I'm going to have to exchange it for a larger size.  It may be because its a dance shoe so it has to be snug.
B0071BW9KK sharp looking I like the colors and how they are displayed on the shoe.  I didnt get to wear them for long because the back of the shoe was rubbingright above my heel and causing pain.  I know this wont happen for everyone but i am going to break them in one way or another.
B0071BWI1U Sleek looking shoe Very good-looking shoe, the design is sleek and streamlined giving it that racing vibe. They do run small though, a narrow shoe. Normally my husband wears a 10.5, had to order an 11.5 to accomodate length of foot, still a little snug on the width.
B0071DQJJU Good economic shoe I wear size 13 but purchased a size 14 due to the previous reviews.  It was definitely the right choice.These shoes are nice.  My only complaint is that after I play, my heels are sore.  I wore an older pair of indoor shoes and did not have that same problem.  I purchased another pair of shoes and I do not have that problem with them either.  I wonder if the heel cushion in this shoe lacks something?Overall, a good economic shoe.
B0071EAEFO Excellent light weight shoe I wear a men's US 9 and found this shoe to be true to my size.  Good price, good fit and comfortable from heel to toe without any obstructions in the ankle.  I prefer a slightly wider shoe due to my above average wear and tear on the outsides of my shoes near my toes.  The tongue is simple but I always wear long socks so no issues there.  The shoe is light-weight.  No complaints as far as traction is concerned.The only significant drawback of this shoe is that it didn't last as long as I would have liked(I've had some separation of the sole at the toe of the shoes, but for the price I'm willing to buy this shoe again as its the best indoor shoe I've had.
B0071EAEFO Not true to size, strange shoe I always wear a 7.5 in any shoe. With these shoes, I had to exchange the 7.5 for a size 7 and even then there's a great deal of room in the toe of the shoe but a 6.5 would be too small. The tongue of the shoe is a thin material that points directly into your ankle so unless you're wearing higher socks then these would rub a sore spot in your ankle. I will be returning these for a full refund.
B0071EAEFO A good, snug fit The shoe looks great with pants and wears a little tight.  It is a narrower style shoe though, so this was to be expected.  I bought these with their purpose of them being a casual shoe as well, so the snug feel falls in line with the type of wear I intend to have with these shoes.  They are definitely an eye catcher though, different, sleek and light.
B0071EAEFO Legit Light Lightest shoes I have ever had.  They have very little for support b/c of this but that is understandable.  The tongue of the shoe is very odd and rarely stands in it's place b/c of no attachment area.
B0071EAEFO Soccer shoe I rated this product with five stars. it is a good looking  soccer shoe which can be used as a casual shoe. The fit is gret and I would recommend this product.
B0071F0IN6 Its great I like this shoe first because its my first soccer shoe and second it has padding inside which makes it very comfortable. I havent played in it yet but it seems that it is good be good. No defects received and the shoe fit as expected.
B0071F1H9A Great indoor Soccer shoe This is a great colorful soccer shoe like I said in one of my other reviews, buy this shoe a 1/2 size up from your other wide shoes so this feels just right to your comfort level.
B0071F1H9A Great Shoe I waited until I wore this a few times for indoor soccer before posting a review. Overall it is a great shoe so far, no complaints on anything and seems to be fairly sturdy. It's very light, and also has great feel on the ball. As with any Puma shoe though, it runs small, so plan on going a full size higher. I wear 11's in everything except Puma, where I wear a 12, and this shoe is no exception.
B0071F1H9A Look no further for an indoor shoe I wear a size 9 and this shoes sizing is true to size.Great grip, and touch feels great.  Would recommend to anyone looking for an affordable reliable indoor shoe!
B0071F1H9A Great indoor shoe Sizing is perfect, nice and tight, just as a soccer shoe should be.  Shoes are comfortable and great for playing soccer and running.  Shipping was ridiculously fast, came the day after I ordered.
B0071QJ2PK Puma Benecio Glitzer Fantastic shoe!  I bought it for my daughter to wear to school.  It is very comfortable, versatile, and, so far, durable.
B0071RGGYY Good Shoe This shoe fits a little narrow, I wished they were a little wider.  My granddaughter only got to wear them a few times.  I love the color and  the quality is good.
B0071RGWAM Puma's are the best shoe for toddlers I  gave this rating because there is no other shoe besides stride rite that is easy on a tolddler's feet. My son is flat footed so I always seek shoes that are basically made for walking. If I had to pick another shoe over this one, I would still choose Puma!
B0071RGWAM excellent shoe My daughters first walking shoe. True to fit, and very flexible sole. Every where we go, everyone comments on how cute her shoes are.
B00721FXXE Adorable Great shoe! Unfortunately they are a size too big so he will have to wait a little while before wearing them. Good looking shoe!
B00721G7RK too cool This shoe is way cool and is nice and lightweight and fits right on for my size. Comfortable fit and looks like it'll take some tough wear, too. Love it.
B00727EVWM puma shoe My son love his new shoe an i love it to just it came to late march 9 in yhe evening
B00727EVWM nice shoe I love this shoe, I al purchased the puma set to go along with the shoe and botth of them goes so well together. It was a big hit with friends and family!!
B00727EVWM Great little shoe I needed new shoes for my 4 year old daughter since her feet are the only things that grow on her! I bought two pairs of Puma shoes, this one in a size 10, and the Puma Voltaic in size 11 for her to grow into(I will go into why the difference is important, and why I only rated this shoe as 4 stars).The colors in the shoe are more vibrant than you would expect, they really are gorgeous! Be waiting for a little bit of a surprise when you get the package and it is not the normal shoe box you might be used it, I actually loved Puma's attention to this and I think I might be buying more shoes from them. There is a tag that comes with the Puma shoes that is really awesome. The shoe insert that comes with the shoe tells you where the child's foot should be(just right, too big, too small).I had my daughter put this pair on first, and the first thing she said was it was tight. These shoes are narrow, so if your child has wide feet, I would steer clear of this one. I didn't think about it that much when I ordered it for her. Other wise the shoe fits really well, and will go well with a variety of different clothes.
B0073FQRHA Great Shoe so far This is exactly what I was looking for.  I wear for tennis and running. Very nice looking.  No issues.  Would recommend.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes Very happy with the out come. I would buy this shoe again. The size 14 shoes is very hard to find.
B0073G9Z4Q Great Running Shoe! I love this shoe for running. It's an attractive and not overly-gaudy shoe, which I like. I'm an over pronator and I find the shoe offers some great basic stability. Love it!
B0073G9Z4Q Pumas running shoes are a cool, great fitting shoe I was suprised to have read comments about the shoe running narrow.  I have pumas now that I work out in and I liked the looks of these. They fit fine.  Very comfortable.
B0073IR6PE good i take these shoes to the gym they are light weight and very comfortable very good shoe and great deal
B0073IR6PE Puma Running Shoe Grey/Dark Shadow/Red I bought this shoe for my son. He is on a summer Track and Field team and needed shoes immediately. I was impressed with the price and how fast they arrived. My son says they feel slightly small, even considering that they are supposed to be snug. We bought a 10 1/2 D which is his normal size. If we purchase this shoe or brand again I think that we will purchase a size up only for the comfort of my son.The shoe is really lightweight and is attractive. Overall I am happy with my purchase and with Amazon.
B0073ITVP2 Great indoor running shoe Very comfortable running shoe with a non-aggressive sole for indoor / treadmill running at the gym. These fit me true to size with the little extra width my feet need.
B0073ITVP2 great shoe! Great shoe for the money! I just ordered a size too big and returned them for 1/2 size smaller but otherwise perfect.
B0073ITVP2 thanx for advise on sizing...... great shoe, very light....good for running around in,happy with purchase as well as advise on sizing...had two friends buy same shoe
B0073ITVP2 Very light shoe Evospeed is light and very breathable shoe, no sweat for sure. I do not find it good for running because my foot is lose in it, I would rather get something else for running.
B0073ITVP2 Good Running shoe Lite Weight, and comfortable. I have a narrow foot and so far this seems to be a perfect fit. It a decent looking shoe too, I wore them around just as a regular shoe for about a week and half and the felt great, the most I have run in them has been a little over 3 miles and they felt great then too.the price was very low and I feel like I would have been happy having paid up to $100 withe quality, So this shoe is a great buy in my opinion.
B0073IUO62 Great shoe Love the fit and feel of this shoe, also love the look of the shoe. Recommend this product to anyone looking for a good running shoe.
B0073IUO62 Love this shoe. Extremely comfortable. I don't wear sneakers often, because it's hard to find a comfortable fit. I was in limbo about purchasing this shoe for that very reason.  I'm happy I bought them, very comfortable, roomy at the top and overall nice fit. I recommend the Puma Cell Toledo 3 Running Shoe to anyone looking to invest in a running shoe.
B0073IUO62 Great Shoe This is a very comfortable shoe and very nice to look at too. The purple is a great accent without being overpowering.
B0073IV9FM Hide the bong...Jesus is coming! This shoe is a very flashy Bob Marley inspired design.  However, ganja does not come with this shoe!  The very plain laces NEED/desire to be replaced immediately with flashy, green, or weedy designs for the shoe to look complete!  Very narrow shoe, and the sizing is all messed up.  Whomever made these was smoking and toking when they cut the fabric...I wear on a good day a womans 8.5 and I ordered accordingly, but shoe is narrow.  And I doubt if Bob Marley had small feet! These shoes probably will not fit a man or woman with fat, chubby, stubby or ugly gnarly feet.  Overall, a pleasureable shoe.  Figure out the sizing and you will like them!
B0073IVJFM Great Shoe Loved this shoe. fits perfectly and is extremely comfortable. light weight and perfect for running. wanted something for the gym for the carpet their but also durable enough for the asphalt when i go jogging.
B0073IW118 Not bad, but I doubt the authenticity of this shoe This shoe is use for training in the gym. With the size of a little guess. Footwear is one size larger than usual. I liked that when walking is the front of the ventilation - not hot. I have little doubt in the authenticity of shoes ... on the bottom in some places tread glue ... Details seats are not made carefully ... but in general, if you do not look closely - shoes looks
B0073IW118 Great kickboxing shoe This shoe is super light and breathable, it fits true to size and it'a a great deal for the $.Minor flaw in shoelace design since it comes undone pretty easily (or maybe not that easy, but it is kickboxing) unless it's double knotted. I'm definitely buying a second pair.
B0073J8SG4 Not bad. Its a good shoe...You buy a shoe you get a shoe. LOL You buy a Puma shoe you get a Puma shoe....
B0073J8SG4 Good quality shoe for the price It is good quality shoe. The package was in good shape and the shoes were in good condiotion when they arrived. I think I paid around 48.00 for the shoes and they look great and are well made. The only thing is the are a little narrow , not horribly so but maybe ordering a half a size larger than normal would have been helpful , or just a wider version.
B0073XEDDC Stiff as a board Bought this shoe as it had all the the unique, cool euro looks one can expect from Puma, however this one fell short of even feeling like a shoe, felt more like some horrible costume accessory one would only tolerate for a short party. I have never worn a shoe until this one that refused to even flex a tad despite the rubbery looking sole. No part of this shoe had any flexibility what so ever, might as well have been crafted out of wood.....
B0073XEDDC Quality shoe I was looking for a comfortable shoe to wear to school. I'm a teacher and spend my days on my feet. This shoes is exactly what I have been looking for.
B0073XIITC Great fitting, comfortable training shoe. I love PUMA.  Since I own about four pairs, I knew right away to order up a half size (I fit size 9.5 in PUMA and Nike, while a size 9 in most other brands fits well.)I liked that this shoe has clean, classic colors.  It's also a little chunkier (but not big or bulky) style than some of the understated, low profile training shoes.  Sometimes, I prefer that, so it's nice to have another option.I have worn this shoe for weight training, walking/jogging, and chasing my preschoolers around the house.  It's comfortable and appropriate for these activities, and probably many more.  A very versatile shoe. A true cross-trainer.I rated this shoe a 4 out of 5 because it's not my favorite style/color combo.  But it adds versatility and a different style to my training wardrobe.
B0073XIITC Great shoe for the price I usually wear a size 10 but after reading the reviews and everyone saying to order bigger I did and good thing I did. They fit perfect. I had to order an 11 they did not have 10.5. Good shoe, nice appeal, lightweight.  Good price.
B0073XIITC great shoe Based on everyone else's comments we bought a half size larger than normal and they fit great and are comfortable and stylish.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Cross-Training Shoe The price was so low less than $40 and since this brand backs up to the quality and sturdiness of this shoe I went for it. They are comfy and the foot supports are great (they are built in).
B0073XIITC Love the shoes!!! Very comfortable for running and exercising. Although, gets a little tight on the right shoe, but that happends to me with pretty much every shoe. Other than that verry happy with them!!!
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon The shoe looked like I expected, only problem was I needed 1/2 size larger, and it was not avaiable.  Return process was easy enough.
B0073XIITC LOVE THEM I am usually a size 7.5 last shoe that I got was a 7 though so I order this shoe is 7 fits perfect love them. They make my feet look small, very comfortable, cute, stylish, love them. Very Happy.
B0073XIITC Ouch to the Arch The shoes are comfortable to wear as a casual shoe but as a workout shoe it hurts my arch really bad.  From Jumping Jacks, Walking, Running...  It takes a while before the pain stops.
B0073XIITC nice sturdy shoe The shoe is wide enough for my foot, and i like the color--not too flashy.It also seems to have good foot, sole support; still, it seems strange that the insoles cannot be removed (other brands have removable soles.
B0073XIITC Nice Shoe They look just like the photo. Very nice looking shoe that is well constructed. I normally wear a size 8 1/2 but based on other reviews I ordered a size 9, since they said they tend to run a little small. Glad I did, the size 9 fit perfect. I would recommend a 1/2 size bigger then you normally wear. This is not a wide shoe, it is a narrow snug fit but comfortable. It has good arch support and even though they are new my feet did not hurt at all after wearing them for hours. It is a sturdy heavy build shoe compared to some of the newer light weight net shoes. Good Buy.
B0073XIITC Great shoe with excellent heel and arch support I recently purchased this shoe because I love the color purple and wanted to try a Puma shoe.  I also thought that it would help alleviate my plantar fasciitis pain.  It has less purple than I would like (more fuchsia), but the support for my feet is outstanding.  No pain during my workouts.  It otherwise is a well-constructed shoe.  The fit is true to size and very comfortable.
B0073XIITC Great running shoe. Been using this shoe for 2 months. Shoelaces were too short so I got new ones. Great arch and overall foot support.
B0073XIITC great shoe I work out a lot  and really enjoy the look and feel.of this shoe. I normally wear an 8.5 but it was too small.  the 9 fits just right.
B0073XIITC SO HAPPY I am very happy with this shoe. I had just received it yesterday and it fits fantastically! It's a very nice shoe and I can't wait to wear them everywhere! LOVE IT! :D
B0073XIITC Looks good and feels great! I don't normally buy Puma, but I liked the look of this shoe so I took a chance.  Very glad that I did!  Love the shoe, it fits and looks great!  Seller delivered quickly.  Thank you for the great product and service!
B0073XIITC Nice shoes. Ordered a half size up based on other reviews and they fit well. Comfortable, good looking shoe. Bought them because they were the deal of the day, and can't beat the shoe quality for the price I paid.
B0073XIITC Clunky shoe I ended up returning these shoes as they were somewhat small on me, and the shoe itself was clunky and just had an overall heavy feeling.  I've worn puma before and never had the clunky type of problem.  If you order these shoes, consider ordering a half size up.
B0073XIITC Great Shoe! This is a very nice looking a comfortable shoe! I typically wear a 9, however always buy half a size larger for any type cross training shoe, and it is perfect. Love it!
B0073XIITC Great Running shoe This shoe a great fit and I workout in them very other day. Also I wear it when I go out.
B0073XIITC Not comfortable at all This shoe is my size and I did order a half size bigger but it still hurt my feet. I would not order any of these again. It's just not a comfortable shoe.
B0073XIITC Good They are a great looking shoe that are extreamly comfortable. They are light on my feet and make walking a breeze. Con. The leather broke around my toes they only lasted 9months.
B0073XIITC Great I usually get Reeboks, but i liked the looks of the shoe.  Like them better with slacks/jeans than shorts. Comfortable.
B0073XIITC Great shoe! Based on other reviews I ordered a half size larger thanI normally wear and the fit is perfect.  This is a great shoe!  Very comfortable and relatively light.  I also love the look of it.
B0073XIITC Good shoe Very comfortable shoe very nice looking will buy more I wear them 12 hours a day n my feet didn't hurt
B0073XIITC great shoe. I am a size 9 and I ordered the size 9 and they fit just right.  I just did a half hour walking workout to see how they were.  They need no breaking in at all.  My feet felt great and supported the whole time...  no rubbing or blistering.  I also LOVE the look of the shoe on my foot.  it is sometimes hard to tell from a picture how the shoe will look on your foot and I was very pleased...  looks better on that it does in the picture.
B0073XIITC Perfect Love the color, style, look. They are perfect.The only little problem is that the shoe laces are little too long.But you don't wear the lace u wear the shoe I highly recommend for puma lovers.
B0073XIITC I love this shoe! Perfect colors and perfect fit. This shoe is stylish and extremely comfortable. I am more than satisfied with my purchase.
B0076B8MFG Good Shoe I bought these shoe not to really play soccer , but to coach soccer. These are really colorful. I also use them for Working out in the Gym. In the beginning, I felt like they are really too bright for wearing, but later on I feel really good. Strongly advise to take at least a size up. I wear 11.5 and ordered 13 which is perfect. But I feel they are narrow for my feet so be careful.OTher than that no complains. Good Buy
B0077BWNFA Nice Shoe Very nice and stylish, I have a wide foot and after a few days, it opened up. I would get a 1/2 to a full size larger though.
B0077BXRKK Awesome shoe I like how they fit and I like the pump feature. It tightens up the shoe which makes it nice.
B0077BXRKK Nice Looks very good and the &#34;disc&#34; shoe lace is different and very attractive. Lot of people envy me about this shoe.
B0077BXRKK One of the most comfortable shoe ive ever worn Always loved the design of these shoe, ever since they came out in the mid 90's. anywho shoe fits pretty much true to size, tight fit and just comfy theyre light, and cool looking (IMO).
B0077C0KYA Recommended I really liked their manufacture super comfortable and great for jogging or running or feel footsteps as I loved all this shoe that i will buy another.
B0077C0KYA Puma Trinomic Trail Lo Sneaker,Black/Warm Olive/Dark Shadow,Men's 10 D It fits me perfectly and the shipping was fast. The shoe itself is very light don't feel must weight on your feet. I like its design and how comfortable the shoe is.
B0077C0KYA Great PUMA shoe I had tried the trinomic on previous to buying it from Amazon, so I knew what I was getting into.I usually wear size 11.5 US (mens) in PUMA or Adidas shoes, and this shoe's size was as expected. Excellent padding for my sole, good arch support. The upper material is lightweight, and kept my foot cooler than expected even on a hot day. Soft, padded fabric at the ankle is very comfortable. The laces are a little different than traditional shoes, but work great.I use them more as a casual shoe, but I've tried running in them and they were comfortable.I love this particular color pallate, but beware that there are a lot of light/white surfaces, which can get dirty easy. Overall, very glad I bought these.
B0077CKYK0 Great shoe This shoe looks fantastic.  Does run a little small.  Had to get the next size up for my husband who normally wears a 13.
B0077CLM2E Comfortable Casual shoe Real sharp looking and goes great with any pair of jeans.  Have always been satisfied with all Puma shoe products.
B0077CLM2E love the shoe i love the shoe, everything about it the fit the color i cant wait to where them. when this snow clears lol
B0077CLM2E Good shoe I like the look of the Puma shoes, but I forget that shoe makers sizes can vary from manufacturer to manufacturer, normally 9.5 is a good fit for me, but with Puma, I will start ordering 10s.
B0077CLM2E Ok Shoe The shoe is not as nice as the other Puma's, but it is still a nice shoe.  It seems stiff.  I guess because of the different type of sole.  Otherwise, it is a nice shoe.
B0077CZI6K Arrived timely and exactly what I was expecting! I've had a different color of this same model shoe and wanted to get a new pair.  Glad I got these.  Size was consistent, and the shoe is awesome.  Arrived in original Puma box........no complaints!  Was a bargain!
B0077PJDSG great shoe Got these for my son for Christmas and he loved them.  True to size.  Great with the added touch of plaid.
B0078NLMS6 Good Shoe for the Price The shoe fits pretty much as expected, I am generally a 10-10.5 and the 10.5 fit me well. The quality is decent, pretty much what I expected for the price. I don't expect them to last forever but they have stayed in good shape thus-far with gentle use. I do love the classic Puma design although having only one puma logo is a little weird. Overall it is a solid shoe that I would recommend, just don't expect them to last a lifetime.
B0078NLMS6 a bit big dont know why but this shoe fits too big..  size of shoe is correct but it just doenst feel right ..
B007IW7LLE Great Value I love this sneaker. I'm not in need of a high tech shoe - I do mostly cardio and some weight training. This shoe is very comfortable and is priced right. I like the way the sneakers look too - don't feel or look bulky on. I looked on line and compared many training sneakers and decided to take a chance on these without actually trying them on. I made a wise decision.
B007IW7LLE First Time Puma Shoe Purchase I love them! They fit great and are exactly the right type of shoe for the fitness activities I enjoy!
B007IW7LLE Puma shoes I fell in love with these shoes the moment I put them on. I think they run very true to size. Nice walking shoe with a sleeker look.
B007IW7LLE This shoe not ony looks good...... I have MG and I have trouble walking...I feel safe walking in this shoe,,,,It gives me stability......I would like to see other styles....Thank you......
B007IW8NJS perfect Love this shoe. Perfect fit. Perfect coloring on the shoe. Great shipping they came in a small shoe box with a puma cover
B007IW951S Good Shoes This shoe is a gift for my mom, will stay perfect and I use every day with no problems, looks good
B007IW951S Puma I love PUMA. The shoe is very stylish & I love how comfortable it feels. The inside of the shoe is kind of slick so definitely wear socks.
B007IWKBK2 Loved the shoe, but did not fit. Had to return them because they were too tight in the toe otherwise they were a very cute shoe.  Could not order a larger size as I wear an 11.
B007IWLJMG uncomfortable you better have a very thin foot for this shoe... i love pumas but this shoe is terrible... again only for a thin foot... itried stretching it but its still very small..cute shoe...good luck if you buy it
B007IWLJMG Perfect sport shoe This is extremely comfortable and attractive.  I dislike the clumsy athletic shoe.  This is perfect for casual times that included a lot of walking or standing.  Men have complimented me on the shoe.  I also own a black pair.  Best shoe ever
B007IX3572 Great shoe but order Size smaller !! Nice shoe... light weight and perfect for Zumba love the way they look, But not true to size run larger
B007IXCZZU Nice shoe Looks really nice but doesn't run true to size. Take a size larger and it should fit perfectly. Nice looking shoe.
B007IXCZZU Wish they were as comfy as they are pretty I've never owned a Puma shoe.  I liked the sleek look and the attractive colors.  However, I found that for myself, the back part of the shoe being so low makes it somewhat uncomfortable; like the fit isn't snug.  I have blisters on the backs of both of my feet at the moment from these shoes.  I'm hoping that's because they're new and need to be broke in rather than a problem that will be on-going.  I did get a pretty shoe, but not a comfy one.
B007J4B1QM Comfortable as soon as you slip them on. A classic style with an ultra comfy fit makes this a great casual shoe for athletes.  A constant rotation of color choices allow you to buy this shoe many times while updating the look.
B007J58WA4 The right shoe does not have the arch in the right place Not sure if it's just me, I have other Puma shoes that fit very comfortably. The left shoe of this brand fits perfectly while the right shoe is not comfortable at all. The arch of my foot does not line up with the arch of the shoe. Developed cramps after a few weeks. Barely wear these anymore after a few months unfortunately.
B007J59LFY nice touch a classic style of shoe with a puma twist , unlike the originals puma steps it up a notch by adding leather and nubuck leather . i think this makes the shoe more rugged but at the same time makes is more stylish . the only flaw with the shoe is it is puma and if you have wide feet you have to up your shoe size , my feet are a size 9.5 EE so with puma i have to get a size 10 M which is not a big deal. i would recommend going to try on puma shoes before you buy just to be on the safe side. other then that i couldn't be happier with these shoes
B007J5A6OE Manufacturing Defects This item has manufacturing defects in the seams of the tongue of the shoe, this different skin color from one shoe to the other. The walking is fantastic softness and but for these defects would be a good buy.
B007J5ANLU Comfortable trial hiking shoe. I ordered the shoe a half size larger in order to accommodate extra thick socks.  I have used the shoe on three hiking expeditions and so far the fit has been very comfortable.  The only challenge is figuring out where to place the extra lacing once they are laced up.
B007J5ANLU GOOD SHOE so i bought this not only to go hiking in but to wear while working outdoors mainly doing pyrotechnics and i must say i am pleased. having no shoe strings to tie and re tie is definitely A++++++++++... the shoe is like a shoe within a shoe that makes it very comfortable and is easy to go on and off...you can decide to strap it up or just let it hang open depending on your style. I have hiked in it and also did a full on sprint as well as worn it casually (first time out the box) and I am indeed satisfied....Might get me the blue or the purple as well...
B007J5B2QU comfy shoe shoe is comfortable and was able to put it on and  with out having to break it in walk a city
B007J5K734 Not wide enough for me. I had hope these would be the &#34;all day comfort&#34; shoe I have been looking for but still look cute. They are cute but unfortunately not comfortable. They are so tight across the instep I could not get my foot in the shoe. I had ordered a size up also! I had high hopes but alas no luck on this pair :/
B007JASSKI Puma Review Shoe is comfortable amd nice looking. I have used it for walking and excercise as well as for everyday .
B007JASSKI excellent shoe Outstanding shoe! This is my 10th Puma shoe in under a year. I love Puma! I highly recommend this shoe. Although on the narrow side it is extremely comfortable and supportive.
B007JASSYO Great looking shoe and comfortable as well! Bought this shoe specifically for Zumba dancing.  Wears well and is very comfortable.  I would recommend this shoe to everyone!
B007JASSYO Great Shoe I gave this product a 5 star rating because they r very comfortable and stylish. The thing i didnt like was they was a little big but that is my fault cause they didnt have my size so i went up a size bigger. But the fit good cause they r tight around your ankles which is a good thing. very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe to my friends because of how nice they are. Love these shoes. Been wanting a pair of pumas for years. And very nice packaging. The shoes are in a box with no top and then are slid into a red puma bag. Puma shows and supports recybable materials and the bag proves it. Very nice over all A +
B007JASSYO Beautiful This shoe is nice, but very impractical.It's a bit goofy, and won't last many parties.But for sheer style, it can't be beat
B007JATJWE shoe is small for pumas The shoe is very tight. There are also several defects on both shoes creating a visible difference in the shape of the shoes. I only wear pumas and have many pairs in size 9.  The stitch pattern is not the usual quality pumas are known for.
B007JATJWE Great shoe, Odd fit This shoe fits at least one size too small. Too ad there isn't a size 13 in the white with red stripe. Other than that this would be a great shoe.
B007JATLTK Size not sure I normally take an 11 in my day to day shoes.  I planned to wear these during summer with shorts for errands and light activity. Love puma style and quality of shoes.  This shoe did not fit me well.  It seems to fit a little narrow around the toes.  I am trying to break them in to see if that helps.  Probably should have gone up a half to full size to relieve my issue.  Shoe is great style and Velcro closure is strong holds shoe snug to foot which is good.
B007JATLTK fit The shoe itself looks great - but was way way too small.  Foot couldn't even begin to go into the shoe
B007M6BCZW Comfortable, solid shoe for all types of workouts Comfortable, durable and lightweight. I'm pretty hard on my workout shoes but this fit the bill nicely. Fits snug but not too tight. Runs about a half size too small but other than that I really like this shoe. If you're doing any serious training outdoors then this is a very good shoe.
B007MAYD2C Great shoe! Puma's run on the small side, I knew that, so I ordered a 1/2 size up.  This is a great shoe.  Perfect for my 4yr old so she still feels she's dressed up but in a pratical sneaker for school.
B007MAYD2C great shoe! True to size, pretty, and comfortable. My 9 year old was very happy to receive these for her birthday. Would buy again.
B007MAYD2C Disco Bubs! It's cute. But there was a HUGE mud stain on the shoe that we are unable to get rid of so we are kinda disappointed to receive it. Unfortunately we shipped this shoe overseas so it doesn't make sense to pay so much for shipping to return it back to the seller in the US. *Sigh*
B007MAYD2C go-to shoe for baby My 10 month old daughter is just beginning to walk and these are my go to shoe for her. The velcro and snug fit ensure she can get them off herself plus there look so stinkin cute on her.
B007MC1CHE Not quality made The shoe is very cute but not quality made. The back heal keeps on falling in. This shoe is light weight but is a narrow shoe.
B007MC1CHE Very cute shoe. I wish I would have paid more attention to the size of this shoe because my son has a fat foot and needs a wide shoe so these fit pretty snug on his foot and he doesnt like them :(
B007MC1CHE Good look and fit Shoe looks exactly as pictured and size is right on.  My son slips his shoes on and off often during the day, and this is the party looking shoe he prefers, with no ties.
B007MCNU7O the speedometer does not display a number I mistakenly thought this shoe would display, in numbers, how fast your child is going, so I bought it based on that.  However, when I received the shoes, it only displays by &#34;bars&#34; on the side of the shoe how fast your child is running.  Since my kids are into measuring and comparing their speed relative to their friends, the lack of an actual quantifiable speed on this shoe is disappointing.  I will have to return these shoes.  Otherwise, the shoes look good and are a bright blue.  Just wish they displayed the actual speed, ie. feet per minute.
B007MCOO24 disappointed infant shoe purchase Puma Bolt Evospeedometer Running Shoe (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)I never make bad comments but have to make one on dis so disappointed one side if my daughter shoe lights and the other don't how stupid is that omg pissed off bad
B007MF7IRY awesome these are the most comfortable shoe i have ever worn. very stylish. well made, and i bought them on sale so also very inexpensive. great show
B007MF7IRY great shoe and stylish for walking and casual were I have several pair of these really like the style wish they had more colors
B007NQ658A Another great pair of Puma shoes! I have serveral pair of Puma shoes and I love all of the tennis shoe style.  The key for me in picking out comfortable Puma shoes that you can wear all day is the circle on the sole of the shoe.  That circle makes the shoes extra comfortable, especially since they don't have a thick sole.  They have good arch support and are cute to boot!
B007PK5T0Y Puma Women's Complete Haraka XCS Track Shoe I was surprised at how fast I received the shoes.  It was proably within a three days.  I ordered the shoes a size too big after reading other reviews.  I have only run in the shoes once, but they do feel comfortable.  I have no complaints.
B007PK5T0Y Great price, great shoe! Definitely order at LEAST half a size bigger, as others have advised. I'm glad I did. That said, I was very impressed! A light yet sturdy shoe, and so so comfortable on the feet. WELL worth the price! In fact I'm thinking about purchasing another pair in a month or two.
B007Q36U4Y Cute shoe but... I like the shoe but the seem to run small. They also don't look as nice once they get dirty which is inevitable so it might not be the best shoe for someone who is very active or tough on shoes.
B007SLGLX4 Great shoe for my busy toddler! I am impressed with these shoes. These are the first pumas that I have bought for my daughter, and I have nothing but good things to say:-strong Velcro that she can't open-the 2 Velcro strips open in opposite directions which allows the tongue to fold up : putting a squirmy toddler foot is a breeze-the sole covers some of the heel and toe so minimal scuffs on the shoe-very stylish-easy to walk in (my daughter has been walking for about 9 months).-materials used on the shoes are durableThe sole is a little firm so I don't think these would be good for a first walker,
B007SLGLX4 great shoe! this shoe held up much better than most of my daughter's sneakers. would buy again when she outgrows this sneaker.
B007SLGLX4 Super cute! I totally recommend these shoes - they are a great tennis shoe - but also works with slightly more dress occasions and not just going to the playground. And they are so easy to get on and off. My 5 year old can do it in less than 10 seconds. :-) The shoe also has kept it's look and they look practically brand new and it's been a few months... which is when most shoes have really started to show their wear.
B007SLGLX4 great shoe! flexible, comfortable and beautiful! We bought two pairs, size 10.5 for the little 3 year-old and size 13.5 for the 1st grade 6 year-old. both love the shoe. the sole is very flexible and fairly lightweight. I think the shoe is about zero drop or very close to zero drop. the double-side velcro is very nice. I think the sale price we got them for makes this deal very attractive (32-34$ per pair). The shoe is beautiful, even more in real life than the picture reveals. To conclude: overall we are very pleased with the purchase.
B007SLGLX4 Very cute Very cute shoe. The pic makes it look white with pink, but it's actually a light gray with pink. The shoe is true to size and easy to put on.My 2/5 y/o loves them. No complaints.
B007TH1UYC Big sole and "puffy" material on the upper The sole is thick and the shoe may fit snuggly but the material &#34;puffs&#34; out, losing that sleel look I prefer.They were well made but lok bulky when worn.
B007TI6W94 Good shoe, just a bit bulky Bought these for my son. He loves these for ball control and passing, but thinks the shoe could be narrower for shooting purposes.
B007TI6W94 tough shoe when buying this shoe the buyer should go a size greater than their original shoe size. that said its a really nice shoe and feels strong
B007TJLOHI Great stylish shoe I always look for different looking shoes. This is another great shoe that looks cool and fits great. Good buy.
B007USEG6E great fashion shoe I bought this men's shoe even though I am a women's size 8.5 or 9.  Of course because of the men's specs, I can't wear them all day, but they are fabulous and fun for school color day where I teach.
B007UXEW0Y Great fit and comfort, bad construction I'm so torn with these shoes. I love the look, and the support and comfort is incredible. However, the construction of the shoe is done poorly. The material near the big toes looks like it may rip and become a hole at anytime, and the plastic &#34;lip&#34; at the very front of the shoe is already coming detached after one use. It's really disappointing because these shoes are the most comfortable pair I've ever had from Puma so far, and the cushioning inside really gives me the support I need. I didn't have a choice to return them because I received them right before leaving the country, but I'm undecided if I would have or not. I'm not sure how long they're going to last, so I wouldn't buy them unless you can find them discounted more.
B007VL40KM Cute an very comfortable shoe This is my favorite flat shoe.  It is so comfortable and cute.  I never need to 'break' into this shoe as it is so comfortable from the start.  It comes in so many colors and I have most colors as I like this shoe so much.  The shoe runs on the small side so if your foot is wide or are between sizes, I would go up a half size.
B007VL4J3U Great shoe! Very comfortable. After walking a very long distance, My feet and legs felt great. I love the way they look too.
B007VL4J3U Nice Shoe I ordered these and the Fast Cat at the same time.  I liked this shoe but the Fast Cat won out on looks.
B007WQDYQM great shoe Old school , good shoe!
B007WQGLSK Good, but.. The cleats are all around good. Color pops, quality material. The only problem I had was the left and right shoe seemed to be too different in size. My left foot fit damn near perfect while my right foot was too narrow. The cleats are a good value, but it might be a good idea to go a half size up.
B007WQHQKW Puma Evospeed I was surprised that these Puma's ran larger than a 6.5, this shoe was an easy 7.  Every Puma tennis shoe or Soccer shoe, such as this one which did not have soft cleats, has always been true to size, so I had to return them.  Unfortunately I lost $6.00 (return UPS shipping-which really blew me away, even with a Prime membership) on what would have been a great deal.  Other than the bum rush on the $6.00 return shipping, the shoe was very cool in color and style.  I want forget to look out for the shipping information regardless of having a Prime Membership.  So given those two facts: the shoe was no less than a 1/2 size larger (if not one full size); and the return UPS fee of $6.00, I only gave this purchase a &#34;2&#34; .
B007X2C1FU Good soccer shoe Good soccer shoe for my 11year old player.  Runs a little small so had to. Order up 1 size. She's played multiple games and practices in it now and seems to be holding up well , better than all other soccer boots she's had prior.  Would definately recommend.
B0089HEVYM Great shoe If you have had leg surgery these are the best to get back out there! I stand all day in these with ease.
B008A64UCU Great shoe! Great shoe! I am on my feet for 10 hours and they didn't hurt even for the first day! Thank you!
B008A6BA64 so comfortable! feels so cushiony and comfortable! most of all, this is the cutest, girly looking tennis shoe I own- love, love !!
B008A6BB9U Runs big, cute colors I bought this shoe in Green/yellow and love the colors. Unfortunately it was too big by about a half size (I ordered a EUR 39/ US 8.5 which is my typical size, but I think the EUR 38.5/ US 8 would fit better). The shoe has good width, so wouldn't be a problem if you have slightly wider feet. The laces on the shoe don't go very high, and I felt like it wasn't tight enough even with the laces pulled taut and tied. I would like this shoe better if it had laces that went up higher onto the foot. The sole is minimal and extremely flexible which I liked because it was lightweight, but I wouldn't say there is a lot of cushioning in this shoe. Sending back upon receipt because they're too big, so I cannot say how my feet would feel after wearing these shoes for a workout or throughout the day. They were definitely comfortable for the few minutes I walked around my apartment.
B008A6BB9U Puma cross-trainers awesome! I bought this shoe to use for Zumba. I have flat feet so I need a flat type shoe. This shoe is perfect! I actually bought two pair. Awesome colors as well!
B008A6BLMW TOO BIG These shoes came up way too big.  I normally am size 7 but, sometimes, depending on the type of shoe I buy 7.5.  Had to return.  Wish I could get the 6.5 in the black.
B008A6BLMW The perfect walking shoe. The shoe is just a tad too big,but it will give me plenty of room just incase my feet starts to swell. I t would be nice if i could find a pair of red,solid white,or solid black. Turquoise would be very pretty as well. Oh and by the way,the shoe is also a little pricey.
B008A6BPJQ Black are so elegant, hipster, fancy. Love it! I knew the size from previous munsters.  The best shoe that makes legs look so nice. Enjoying it so far
B008A6CIL0 My new Favorite Shoe I bought this shoe for part of a costume, but it quickly became my new favorite shoe.  The sole is incredibly comfortable, and the color is super vibrant and cute.  I am buying another pair, so that when I wear these ones out, I will have a backup.
B008A6JOWQ Great shoe They fit great. Been looking for a good running shoe and I found it. I went 1/2 size bigger like other reviews said and it worked out great!!
B008A6JOWQ Good Shoe Good shoe and good fit. A bit bulky but the inside  fit was comfortable and they were nice in color as well.
B008A6JOWQ Good shoes Shoe size mark 40, but actual within 41 long, buy a little big, but because in front of the shoe is narrow, thin people wear suitable for feet, so relatively good point, next time you have to buy a smaller size, but the shoes are very comfortable, mother exercise is very good
B008A6JWU0 Great Shoe This shoe is super light-weight, easy to slip on, and very, very, comfortable. The price is pretty decent, too. It's a good buy. Although I agree with the rest of the reviews, it is best to go a size up.
B008A6JWU0 cheap looking. It's one thing to buy an inexpensive shoe, but it should not scream &#34;CHEAP&#34; on my feet. It was just too plasticky looking. Not for me.
B008A6JWU0 Nice - Comfy Shoe Nice - Comfy Shoe- Bought for a preteen. Easy to put on and very nice breathable summer shoe.. you don't need socks with it.
B008A6JZG6 Attention getter, for sure! The color draws positive reactions from everyone, and is the reason I ordered this shoe in the first place!  I kept it because it is lightweight and perfect for indoor aerobics and Zumba, as well as strength training.  Not a good shoe for running, even on a treadmill.  I have a high instep, so I do need to wear an insole for support.
B008A6K8XU These Look Nice on You I have been a Puma fan since I was a teen, and these are my favorite!!! :DThe fit is sleek and lightweight. Love. Love. Love it. My feet have a lot of arch to them and these Pumas hug them and it feels great. This is a casual shoe, so don&#8217;t expect a whole lot of support like an orthopedic shoe. I don&#8217;t think they are narrow either so that&#8217;s nice for some.The shoelaces are unique. They are really thin and flat almost like a streamer to compliment the overall style of the shoe.I like that the tongue is also thin it adds to the sleek style. It may flip a bit on the inside, but that is no big deal to fix. These Pumas need to be broken into just like any other shoe, so be aware that the back may dig into your feet with low cut socks.Overall, these are really nice casual shoes, and they look so much better in person than the photos on Amazon.
B008A6KTKC love this shoe the colors of the shoe is right on as depicted.  I love the fit and comfort of this shoe.  it is great for walking & cross training.  I haven't used it for running, but i'm sure it would be ok.
B008A6KTKC stiff shoe I have to wear insoles in my shoes and they wouldn't fit into these. also the sole of the shoe is quite stiff so when walking the shoe doesn't conform to your normal movement.
B008A6KTKC a great shoe This is a very comfortable shoe. The colors are fun. Been getting many compliments. I would buy this shoe again.
B008A6KTKC Good shoe... Not for wide fit I got these for my wife; but the inner elastic lining makes it impossible to for her to get her foot through. They look so good and I wish they made the mouth of the shoe wider which is the only reason I took 1 point off.
B008A6KTKC Love them~! When I saw there was no 'movable tongue' on the shoe, I was worried this shoe would fit to tight.  I tend to have a wider foot, but it fits perfect!  I feel it gives more stability than the tongue moving all over when your working out too!  LOVE THEM!
B008A6KTKC Couldn't get my foot into the shoe I bought this shoe and a pair of Reeboks, both size 7 1/2, at the same time. The Reeboks fit perfectly. In contrast, I could not get my foot into this shoe. The tongue is one piece flowing across the entrance to the shoe and has very little stretch, hence allowing no room to actually stick my foot in.  So, they are being returned. Too bad, the Puma's are very nice looking.
B008A6KTKC Perfect shoes for Zumba or running! I cannot say enough good things about this shoe.  I have wide feet and have had extreme difficulty finding a shoe suitable for Zumba and BodyJam.  I've never had a pair of Puma before, but I am sold.  Getting used to the connected tongue felt weird at first, but it feels as if my foot is more stable and the shoe moves as a single unit.1.  Chiefly, I love the color (my shoes are pink and green)PUMA Women's Voltaic 4 MT Running Shoe.  It pops and is fun.2.  Great arch support.  My feet no longer hurt during class.3.  Wonderful shock absorbency.  No more aching knees.I have no complaints about this shoe and am thinking of getting another pair.
B008A6KTKC great shoe! I use it for running and for everyday and fits great, and it was very comfortable right off the bat
B008A6KTKC Perfect Running Shoe Thanks to the reviews I was able to select the perfect size. I am normally an 8 1/2 but ordered a size 8 because that seemed to be the only issue with this shoe. I have wide feet and was nervous about buying online. I LOVE MY PURCHASE. The size 8 fits perfectly and I've already ran in them a few times. If you want a comfortable minimalist awesome running shoe. This is it!!!
B008A6KTKC Great running shoe/cross trainer Great running shoe/cross trainer, but not a shoe I can stand comfortably in for hours on end. If you need an excellent gym shoe that will also do you well for a 5K, consider these. But if you stand on your feet for hours at a time, and have normal arches like I do, you will be in agony after hour two and should consider something else. The colors are beautiful (I got the black/lime green/pink combo)and they accompany me four times a week to the gym, track and yoga practice without fail. I don't regret my purchase at all, but I know now that I need to choose another pair of shoes if I'm working an all-day event.
B008A6KTKC Love them Buy a 1/2 size bigger (read other reviews) they will fit perfect.  The most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever worn.  I love them!
B008A6KTKC great shoe! I bought this shoe to my wife, it looks really good, she likes the confort and design. definetely i recommend this shoe for a woman
B008A6KTKC Great for walking/jogging I love how this shoe looks and feels. This is my second pair, otherwise I probably wouldn't purchase a running shoe online.
B008A6KTKC Poor design Thank you all for the advice to order a size larger since these run small. I ordered a larger size but the toe box is so tight my toes go numb! I have never had that happen with any other athletic shoe. So not only is the toe box tight, the heel slides because I ordered a larger size. If this shoe had a proper tongue, you could lace it up to help that, but it slides on - no tongue - that's why they give you the two finger loops ... to pull it on.Not at all a good shoe for cross training, running walking or even standing in!
B008A6KTKC neat shoe Shoe looks great.  Fit was as expected with the Puma shoes.  No complaints and will no doubt purchase more Puma shoes in the future.  Great color combos.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe! I love this shoe. Fits perfectly, very comfortable and looks great! Puma has finally returned to it's stylish design and great colors. Wish I could find this in a white/silver/grey color.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe! The size was accurate and the fit is comfortable.The support is perfect for a workout shoe and I love the colors.
B008A6KTKC really comfortable I love this shoe! I have a wider foot, between regular and wide and this shoe fits me well. I wear a 9.5 and ordered a 9.5. Love the bright color of the blue curacao/silver/black. Very vibrant and fun. Love it!
B008A6KTKC my new favorite shoe... I am not really a gym shoe type but,  green is my favorite color and these are soo pretty and stylish,  I had to have them.  They look just as pretty in person.  I'm about to get another pair.
B008A6KTKC super cute the shoe was ery cute but too tight and uncomfortable, so i returned with no problem, mayeb i size bigger would fit but i didnt want to chance it i just went to the shoe store instead.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe The shoe is very comfortable and looks good. I am 20 weeks pregnant and my feet are not hurting too bad with this shoe. I would highly recommend it to other buyers.
B008A6KTKC Not my Favorite The shoe fits a little awkward. It is not clear in the description that the tongue of shoe is connected, They are very hard to get off and on, but yet when I have them on they are loose around my heel.
B008A6KTKC Puma Women's Voltaic 4 Mesh Cross-Training Shoe I was disappointed with this PUMA shoe.  The on-line description/write-up stated it gave support for those of us with flatter arches.  Upon trying these on, it did not give any additional support in the arch.  Also, the back of the shoe allowed my heel to slip right out -- although it was my size.  There was no support to keeping my heel in the shoe.  I also took note upon receiving the product that it was not a &#34;Voltaic 4 Mesh Cross-Training Shoe&#34; but instead stated it was a PUMA &#34;Wade Running Shoe.&#34;  The shoe was identical to what was shown in the picture -- but online definition of shoe was way off.  I returned this product immediately.  I think it's best to purchase this type product in the store so you can try it on -- versus online, unless, you don't mind going through the process of returning a product.  Amazon is great at doing quick and concise return transactions, as long as you provide them with all necessary information.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe for the money....love them!! I bought these to wear for Zumba classes and they are just perfect, light and not bulky feeling easy to move in.
B008A6KTKC Great Gym and Running Shoe This shoe fit consistent with any other shoes I normally buy. I consistently wear a 6 - 6 1/2 and these in a size 6 fit just right. They'll be even better once they're broken in by multiple miles but comfortable from day 1.
B008A6KTKC Best Puma shoe ever!! Shoe fits and feels great!! The support is awesome! My knees don't hurt after running. The colors are a nice touch as well, I receive a ton of compliments on them
B008A6KTKC Lovely shoe but not a cross-trainer - the shoe says it for running There is a disconnect between the shoe and the online description. I would give this 5 stars for fit and looks as a running shoe. But I thought I was ordering a cross-trainer for the gym.
B008A6KTKC So disappointed! I had such high hopes for this shoe after I read its review on a zumba website. I purchased these shoes specifically for my zumba class. I should have paid more attention to the Amazon customer reviews instead. The shoes are actually darker gray than in the online photo. Which was not bad. I actually liked the darker gray better than in the digital photo. These shoes go on &#34;weird&#34;. They are tighter on the front and middle of your foot. You kind of have to &#34;shove&#34; your foot into the shoe. Possibly because of the attached shoe tongue? However, once I got the shoe on, I have to say --- these are the ODDEST FITTING athletic shoes I have ever owned. TIght and snug from the front and throughout the middle, but then my heel was loose. VERY loose. Like slipping around the back of the shoe and often LIFTING OUT of the shoe. Like my headline says, I am VERY disappointed and am sending them back. Have never had this problem with any of my other athletic shoes before. Guess I need to stick to ADIDAS, Nike and New Balance instead.
B008A6KTKC Good crosstrainer I needed a cross trainer for P90X3. This shoe will work. I gave it 4 stars because I thought the shoe was mesh all over.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe! Great shoe...fits to size. Love the colors and fit. Not usually a Puma wearer but great price and perfect for at home DVD workouts.
B008A6KTKC great shoe, but a little snug I adore this shoe. At first it was a little snug, however, after wearing them for a few days they loosened up to fit my feet. The colors are very vibrant and true to the picture shown online. My most favorite feature about the shoe is the absence of the shoe's tongue.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe I got these when they were a lightening deal. I wish I would have gotten a couple pair. They are a great workout shoe and give me the support that I need for doing crossfit workouts.
B008A6KTKC Comfy on Day 1!!!! The shoe is very comfy and surprisingly wonderful to wear! The color is subtle and the grip this shoe provides is great for a runner. Definitely recommend!
B008A6KTKC Great support, lightweight shoe that is perfect for crosstraining I workout mostly indoors and this shoe is perfect for what I wanted.  It's lightweight, but has great support (I like minimalist shoes for outdoor hiking).  The sole isn't too &#34;busy&#34; with laced cushioning which tends to throw me off blance and I like that this shoe has a slightly fitted elastic collar which is great as so many shoes that neck loses its support.  Awesome color!
B008A6KTKC Not for me I returned these shoes.  The are brighter and wider in person than in the pictures, but the main reasons for me returning them were that they were a little snug on me, and I didn't like the stitched shoe tongue idea.  What I mean is...I realized that I like to be able to adjust the shoe tongue to my comfort and do not like it built in as an elastic into the shoe.
B008A6KTKC I love these shoes! They don't have a traditional tongue on them under the laces which was weird at first but it's really comfortable not to have it folded or wedged weird in your shoe and rubbing the top of your foot. I love it!!!!!!!
B008A6KTKC built in shoe booty was unexpected A little loose in the back, considering built in shoe booty. But very nice quality and got used to fit.
B008A6KTKC Fantastic looking shoe Great shoe, very comfortable. I am a PUMA girl by nature and have owned several diferent types of their shoes. However , this particular one i ordered in an 8, my normal size and it is very very snug. Just yesterday my left foot went totally numb and as i type this today it is doing the same thing. I will order another pair in a different color because i love them, but will go up half a size for sure!!
B008A6KTKC Good Shoe but... The shoe has great cushioning, feels good when running, but the fit is slightly short and they don't &#34;breathe&#34; well as compared to another brand that I wear.  However they are a good cross-training shoe.
B008A6KTKC cool shoe I got this show from my wife and she is enjoying, but one thing to know...you do not need to wear socks with them.  When my wife put on socks the shoe was too tight but with out socks it fits great and feels great.
B008A6KTKC most COMFORTABLE shoe i own i already own 2 pairs of the Voltaic 3 and they are phenomenal!i'll never purchase another Nike after owning these Pumas.i usually wear a 7.5 or 8, but ive found in this shoe it may run a slight bit snug.so i own 8 and 8.5's which fit about the same.cant wait for them to make more colors so i can purchase more!
B008A6KTKC Pink & Lime Puma Voltaic Running Shoes This is a very attractive shoe & I've received alot of compliments.  The colors are vibrant and the shoe is comfortable.  I normally wear a 9.5 but I had to get a size 10.  So be sure to order 1/2 size larger.  I would definitely recommend this shoe!
B008A6KTKC Good Shoes A little snug. Still looks nice and classy.  If the shoe was white would look even better!  Made a good choice though.
B008A6KTKC Puma running shoe This shoe is awesome. Love the style and color. Got several compliments on this shoe. Will probably order more colors.
B008A6KTKC Great color but... I  really like the color of these shoes.  The tongue is all one piece with the rest of the shoe,  so you can't  really loosen it to get your foot in and out.  I've been having trouble  with them making my feet  kind of numb and have tried not tightening them to much,  but then my heels lift out ( I'm hoping this will get better as they break in).  Also,  the upper part of the shoe is really padded which took a little getting used to,  but I think they make my feet look really wide.
B008A6KTKC Love this shoe! I've always loved Puma shoes. They have such a great variety of colors and styles. I chose these because of the pink and gray combo. Perfect shoe! Great fit and prettier in person. I also love how the tongue is already attach, easy on and off.
B008A6KTKC Gorgeous shoe/felt like it was suffocating my foot Had to return this outwardly gorgeous shoe.  LOVED the way it look but, despite it's appropriate length, it felt like my forefront was all &#34;boxed in.&#34;  It made my toes feel like they were going numb.  I had to return them, sadly.
B008A6QIV6 Pressure point on part of heel I think one shoe is bad.  There is a higher spot inside the shoe that is causing pressure on the heel of one shoe.  Otherwise, these shoes would feel good.  Nice looking, too.
B008A6YAFW so nice i love it, it is a very nice style, i recommend it to anyone who wants a good looking shoe
B008A6YAFW Great shoe! Awesome shoe! Fits just like a normal size 11 shoe. I love PuMA shoes and I have quite a few of this style, so it's a good addition.
B008A6YSR2 Love this. This is a really great shoe. They fit true to size. Bright colors. Comfortable. I am really happy with this purchase.
B008A6Z2KE NO EXCHANGES?! The review is not for the shoe, puma makes the shoes and not backstreet shoes. As for backstreet shoes, they do not offer exchanges and force you to order a new shoe? I understand policy is policy but I have never come across a shoe store that does not offer to exchange its products.... anyways if you know your size exactly then order here if you do not know your size then oh well you have to go through a hassle to get your money back. In addition these people do not return calls whatsoever I called twice left two voicemails... horrible customer service! good luck with future sales...
B008A77PNA Well made shows but run large These are really nicely made with leather perf all over the shoe.  Unfortunately they ran large and I had to return them.  It felt like they were a size larger than my other Puma's that were very similiar, just didn't have the perf all over the shoe.  The perforated design looks really nice and the shoe was flexible.
B008AILK7Q Not so much Not a big fan of this shoe. It runs small compared to my other pumas. And when they say &#34;lite&#34; they really mean it. But not in a good way, the fabric is barely there and there are holes in the bottom of the shoe. That's just a little too airy for me.
B008AILQJI Good, lightweight shoe Very lightweight and good looking shoe. The only thing that kept it from 5 stars is that the insole fabric quickly peeled off and had to be replaced by store bought ones. Gods show that is holding up to abuse.The sneakers do squeak when you walk on hard surfaces like the bottom is made of suction cups.
B008AILZZI Great Shoe I read a lot of reviews on how these shoes run smaller and while that is partially true it is more width than length.  In the long run it takes only about two to three times wearing the shoe and they break in nicely.  Also light as a feather you hardly can believe your wearing shoes in the first place.
B008AILZZI Great shoe...but be generous in choosing the size. Nice shoe as it looks in picture...Main speciality of this shoe is its weight...its as light as a paper...Only thing to be careful about is to order a size that is larger by an inch than your usual size is.Shoe looks very small and compact, one can say it a slim fit shoe. With right size you will love it.
B008AILZZI good looking shoe i love the looks of this shoe, duh, that's why I bought them. I am not a runner but I'm pretty active and these shoes widths are kind of narrow, the length is true to my other Puma shoes.  I wear a size 11.
B008AJYN8I Good Shoe I know what size I am in Pumas, and these are exactly as I expected them to be.  Good Value.
B008AJYYCI Boss Puma Shoe ((: Absolutely loved the grey Ducati shoe...looks fast feels fast and gets complements. Fits me well and looks good with sporty jackets n jeans etc.
B008AK6Q8C The shoe is exactly as I expected. the leather and colour was of high quality. The insole is a little tight, so i did order it a half size larger and it fits very well.
B008AK6Q8C These are the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn These are the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. They fit like a glove. I have ordered the red and blue after I tried these on. My next order will be the black.
B008AK6Q8C Nice Driving shoe. This shoe fits a little snug so I suggest getting a half size bigger. The leather is nice. The Ferrari logo on the heel looks very nice.
B008AKOFGW Great Shoe I have several pair of these I wear the for every this feels good easy on the feet wish they had more colors
B008AKOFGW GREAT SHOE AS ALWAYS PUMA IS THE BRAND I DEPEND ON
B008AL33QE No shoe I was so disappointed when I ordered this for my husband's birthday and only to find out that I was refunded the money with no explanation, I guess the shoe was no longer available.
B008AL33QE Great look and fit! This shoe looks amazing in person and looks great in any outfit. The shoe fits right to size and should feel snug until it breaks in slightly. No need to get a half size bigger on this shoe if you want a good fit. These are also great shoes to drive in and feel absolutely magnificent behind the wheel. Highly recommend these!
B008AL3L0C sleek and stylish Great shoe great price, quality materials fit true to size to a half size small. Very happy with this shoe at this price!
B008AL4BLU Good shape but the heel and the back of the foot does not fit so well. It is a little loose such that when you walk, your heel leaves the sole.  You get the feeling that your shoe is about to fall off.You would not want to run with this shoe or walk briskly
B008AL4BLU Puma Drift Cat 4. This is a light weight top quality constructed shoe that is the coolest ever.  I bought one full size larger than normal and it fits just great and is unexpectedly comfortable.  The Drift Cat 4 deserves top billing in the &#34;must have&#34; category.  Thank you, PUMA.
B008ALI936 Awesome shoe Beautiful shoe. I have had numerous people tell me how awesome they look. Light on the feet, almost feel barefooted. I will definately purchase more if these last as expected.
B008ALI936 great shoe! i love the styling of this shoe. it is the perfect blend of casual and business.also, i was worried when purchasing that it was not going to be the right size based on the reviews i was reading. even so, i ordered my normal size (10.5) and it fits perfectly. nice shoe! i really like it!
B008ALI936 Puma the shoe for comfort. Just wore them in house; not outside due to the rain but they are very comfortable. The Price was perfect. I bought the shoe because of a friends recommendation. Glad I made that choice.
B008ALI936 Good at this price. should choose one or two size larger. As this is a narrow shoe, you should select a couple sizes larger. It is comfortable. the design is good. The material looks a little shiny, I hope it goes away after a while.
B008ALX6SO Well designed cleats My last soccer turf shoe was size 9.5 and my feet started to hurt because it feels tight. So I purchase this shoe 1/2 size larger (10) and it fits well with a little bit toe room in the front. It breaks in without problem and it handles well in the grass field I played. The outside looks attractive. The price was reasonable and I am happy with the purchase.
B008ALX6SO Lightweight but sturdy This shoe is very similar to one Puma used to make that fit need for a light sport shoe with good traction. Can be used for recreational soccer and softball. Wish it came in gray like the older model.
B008ALX6SO Good quality/bargain Bought these about a month ago.  I bought a 1/2 size up based on other reviews but probably didn't need to: I have some space left over with 1/2 size larger.  The shoe is sturdy and allows me to cut well in grass.  Slips on wet grass but this is expected with no actual cleat.  The shoe fits comfortably and has not caused any foot aggravation yet.  I would buy again.I would give 5 stars but it's no frills style makes it kind of an ugly shoe.  Still, I bought them for function and they meet that requirement.
B008ALX6SO Nice shoe but Poor Fit This is a nice Turf shoe except that the sizing is odd. The shoe is made for narrow feet. I wear a 9.5 normally and saw some reviews saying to go a half size larger so I bought the 10. Unfortunately the shoe width is a perfect fit but the length is like a half inch too long! I talked myself into using them anyway and of course the toe kept dragging across the ground during shots and I wasn't getting any sensitivity across my toes. I ended up fumbling with the ball more often because of the fit problem.If you have narrow feet then go with your regular size. If you have wider feet stay away from this shoe. After giving up on this shoe I went out and for $25 more I bought the Nike Hypervenom Phelon TF in 9.5 and they fit like a glove.
B008ALX6SO Nice Shoe  Good Fit The shoe fits well and arrived as described.  Small cleats for short turf, I would recommend this shoe to anyone.
B008AWU21W Great Shoe This is a fantastic shoe, When i order'd these they came in right away and when I wore them to school, everyone loved them. Some kids even told me to leave them in my gym locker so they could steal them hahaha. Great shoe, I reccommend it entirely
B008AWUB54 Hoping It's Not Just a Faas These shoes are comfortable,  relatively inexpensive, and look good. Any shoe company that can produce this type of shoe will be getting my money.
B008AWW7Y2 Comfort Light, comfortable fit. Stylish looking, eye catching shoe.Exception value for the price. Would definitely buy this PUMA R98 shoe again.
B008AWYIXU Best Deal Ever! Exactly what I imagine when buying the shoe. Feel and looks great! Got a few complements from fellow shoe lovers!
B008AXTOQ0 Does what you would expect a shoe to do It is a shoe that does shoe things as expected. It goes on your feet and keeps you from stepping on painful or gross things. Pretty sweet.
B008AXTOQ0 No tongue I should have looked closer, but there's no tongue on this shoe.  It's a little awkward but you get used to them.  It is a little tighter of a fit, I would go up a half size in these.
B008AXTOQ0 Great every day shoe I don't recommend buying shoes for running from an online store. You really should get a fitting from a pro - avoid injury. However, I've worn Pumas for years as my everyday walk-around shoe so I know the size that fits me. The biggest attraction for this style is the sock liner, meaning there isn't a separate, moving tongue. I leave the shoes laced and just slip on and off. Great for wearing to the airport through security. Very comfortable.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Perfect walking/running shoe!  Comfortable and bright for safety! I bought these 1/2 size bigger than other shoes and they fit perfect for running!
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe! fit well, very supportive and comfortable! only had them for about a week so I'm still breaking them in but so far so good!
B008AXTOQ0 Great running shoe Great fit and comfortable, I do wish the back of the show was a little higher but overall I am very satisfied with the shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe. Great price. Great fit. Great shoe overall. I've been wearing Voltaics since they started with the Cell Volt. Comfortable since you first put them on.
B008AXTOQ0 Compared to Cortez (gangster nike's) I buy Cortez and the same size. The shoe looks great in every way and feels stiff at first but that's a good thing to me.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe! My fianc&eacute; loved these. He has them in 3 colors but this is the best one. Also true to size. Very happy with our purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable shoe This shoe fits as expected and is a comfortable shoe.  Great running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoe It fits perfectly, I already have good comments about the look of the shoe, there are confortable, I have been walking around to shop for the christmas and I have'nt have any problem or pain.
B008AXTOQ0 good I will give the shoe a 4 because of the colors. Well on the feeling it will get 3 stars from me.
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable...and definitely get noticed! Great price for a nice shoe.  They are MUCH brighter than the picture would suggest and I get compliments on them every time I put them on my feet...lol.  The only thing I didn't like about them is getting them on...there isn't much &#34;elastic&#34; on the mesh intersole so you have to work your foot into the shoe...even when the shoe strings undone.  I should also mention that they are much more heavier than a typical running shoe so I rarely wear them for running...more so for looking stylish in the gym.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Running Shoe Volatic 4M Excelent choice. Nice fit. Very confortable for long walks or running as well. The size is pretty accurate. The only thing is that the tip of the shoe gets marked and dirty very easy.
B008AXTOQ0 Good Shoe! Nice lightweight, cool shoe.  I like the &#34;tongue-less&#34; design.  Considering more pairs in different colors.  Note: I think it does fit a little snugger than other Puma shoes I own, so I would recommend a half-size larger when purchasing.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe, but tight The lining is snug and the shoe is tough to put on over some thicker socks. This may work itself out during normal wear. Unfortunately, I read reviews after purchasing. Most review say to order a size larger. It is unusual since they're not necessarily tight in the toe, but more around the rest of the foot. Love the design. Seems very well put together. I just hope I don't have to plan what socks I need to wear.
B008AXTOQ0 The boyfriend likes it I bought this shoe for my boyfriend and while he's quite pleased with it, the orange is brighter than I expected. I thought it would've been more of a burnt orange but it's much brighter than that. Also, the top of the shoe makes his foot look fat. I guess these are trivial things. I just expected the fit to be sleeker than it is. Otherwise, it's a great shoe and I haven't heard him complain.
B008AXTOQ0 most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Extremely comfortable shoe! Feels like a sock. I use mostly for cycling since theu have a rather non aggressive tread but have run in them too on a treadmill.  I would recommend better tread for outdoor running.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe and fits to size even after reading reviews i still bought my usual size. length wise it fits perfect. as stated in other reviews it is snugger on the sides, but i personally prefer that. plus should loosen up with wear. light weight and a cool looking shoe. i have not run in them yet but will tomorrow. once i do i will edit review.
B008AXTOQ0 Great fitting shoe!! This is a great shoe.  There is no traditional tongue to tug on and make sure you have a good fit.  I was really surprised how comfortable these shoes were compared to my Nike Shox.  I almost prefer to wear these over the Nike's.  Colors are fun and vibrant.  Perfect for running or wearing for everyday.
B008AXTOQ0 sweet looking shoe fits nice but I do get a blister on my left heel which is kind of odd but great shoe feels great and looks great love puma
B008AXTOQ0 Superior to Nike and New Balance This shoe is extremely comfortable and very good looking. I really like the no tongue technology. It gives the shoe a more comfortable fit and you never have the problem of the tongue sliding to the side after sudden stops or directional changes. I benefited from other reviews that stated the shoe runs a 1/2 size smaller than your actual shoe size. I ordered the 1/2 size larger and the shoe fits perfect.
B008AXTOQ0 great crossfit shoe I especially love the Voltaic 4s for crossfit.  they are relatively flat show so they are great for lifting, great for box jumps, and also provide great support while running.  Just an all around excellent shoe and a amazing price!
B008AXTOQ0 Poor fit I can only give these shoes 2 stars, because of the shoe's heel area. It it rises much too low for my foot. When I took a step, the back of the the shoe slid up and down on the back of my foot. I immediately returned them.Other than the bad fit, the shoe seemed well constructed, and the colors were true to their website images.
B008AXTOQ0 Good Quality Shoe Run a bit small but a good shoe none the less. I would recommend this shoe to my friends and family.
B008AXTOQ0 Excellent All 'Round Perfect running shoe: starting with the attached tongue (it's annoying how the tongue slides to the side on all my other running & dress shoes), lightweight & comfy, great price, funky color scheme that gets noticed & complemented.
B008AXTOQ0 Overall good shoe, low on ankle I bought this shoe for the price, not the color.  It is a really Smurfy blue, and I could not wear these credibly for anything but exercise.  That said, they fit like previous Pumas I've had.  They ride a bit low on the ankle, so when you push off you can feel the back of your foot/lower ankle rise OUT of them.  This is disconcerting when you're used to a more fitted shoe like New Balance.  But they run well.  They're also not as cushioned as New Balance runners tend to be, but I don't mind a little road feel.  I think my foot rests well on the sole (some shoes tend to curve upward toward the toe, but not these).
B008AXTOQ0 Shoe fitq I normally wear 11.5M but ordered a half size based on previousl reviews.  They are still a bit too snug and I will need to return for a 12.5 to get the most out of the shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Running Shoe From the time that I placed the shoe on my foot it was the perfect fit and the most comfortable shoe that I have worned.
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes! What a nice change. I've worn nike shox for the past 6 years,While working out, doing obstacle races, running, and just everyday usage. These are lighter and more comfortable! These pumas ran true to size for me, love the no tongue on the shoe, slip on and tie up. Colors are bright and vibrant! Would recommend to everyone I know!
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe but not enough heel padding It's a shoe and it's comfortable. The nose of the shoe is a hard plastic which makes it durable. Comfy shoe but sometimes after prolonged time, my heels go numb, only pair of my shoes that do this.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe! If you aren't sure about white shoes, then you should probably look for an alternative color. I am a clean freak, so I am constantly making sure that I do not step into a mud puddle or drop something on them. The shoes are sparkling white when you receive them, but as all white shoes, they will get dirty easily. Other than that, the shoe fits like a glove and is very snug. Almost a little tight, but as you wear them more, the fit becomes more accustomed to your foot. I would highly recommend this shoe, but would suggest all the neat freaks out there to consider another color besides white.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Fit exactly as expected. Looks great. Great shoe for the price paid. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a great running shoe at a great price.
B008AXTOQ0 very hard to put on The shoe has an odd elastic inner lining that was extremely difficult to slip on, The shoe looked fine otherwise
B008AXTOQ0 Really like the shoe I really like PUMA and this shoe, however the size is a bit snug.  I have other PUMAs of the same size but this one is just a little bit tight.
B008AXTOQ0 Size of shoe is smaller than previous purchases Size of shoe is smaller than previous purchases, have to return shoes and upgrade size. Not happy. Shoe size must stay consistent
B008AXTOQ0 Great buy They Fit great and look good. Great shoe for the price. Great shoe to workout in. Better than the McDonalds of shoes, Nike!
B008AXTOQ0 Voltiacs Great shoe. I didn't wanna rate them as fitting &#34;small&#34; but they're a bit snug, i think it's because the way they're constructed with elastic ankle/tongue opening (you can't just slip them on, you have to pull them on w/the lil leashes).  I've put about 15 miles on them and lifted in them several times (great for lifting) and they seam to be breaking in nicely.  Quality-outstanding.  I'm proud to show them off, Puma's are very cool looking shoes, in my opinion.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe This shoe has no tongue which moves which is unique. The stretch piece connected to the shoe instead of a tongue is nice and makes them easy to slip on
B008AXTOQ0 A gift for my grandson! I didn't like the way this shoe wore out so quickly!  My grandson is rough on shoes, loves to run and play rough.  within a couple weeks his toe was peeking out of the front of this shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe My husband love's this shoe! He has had it before and wont wear anything else! It fits absolutely perfect! Great shoe
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable!! Great shoe I'm starting to become a fan of Puma's as of late, These are extremely comfortable and I like the tongue of the shoe as it's sewn in solid not loose, easy on your feet and look good too.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe I love Puma shoes. the price is riight and the quality is as it has been for many years..GREAT!!!Just remember to but one size up (Puma runs small) and you will be satisfied with the purchase of this shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Casual Shoe This is a great shoe that isn't a true running shoe. It's a great shoe and my second pair! Highly suggest you consider this pair.
B008AXTOQ0 No good The inside of the left shoe was higher than the right. The right shoe was comfy but the left was not aligned right. I will look mizunos for my running shoes
B008AXTOQ0 Very Good. Gift for my son. Puma's voltaic 4 running shoe it's great. He love it and also his collegues asked to get a similar product.
B008AXTOQ0 GREAT looking shoe, fits a little snug Ordered the same size Puma's as my last pair (same model, but a year earlier). They are a little tighter than the ones I had before but they do feel good and look GREAT. Will be perfect for game days in Stillwater watching my Oklahoma State Cowboys! :)
B008AXTOQ0 really nice shoe....but really nice shoe, but Puma's run skinny, i have a wide foot and from the pic i thought they would be a good fit.  i like the looks and feel of it, ill keep it and see if it beaks in a little more.  wish they made wider shoes as i like their styles.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoe, for Movers & Shakers :-) It a form-fit &#34;running/walking shoe&#34; Simple as that... In fact, I'm leaning towards the Walking side, because let's face it there are better Running, 5k/Marathon etc. shoes @ 3-4 times the money! But, these PUMA's are wonderfully built, attractive, and (again) form-fit functional. Wide feet, need not apply. And you don't linger around in them, when you're off your feet, mine R off:)
B008AXW9PI Love them for track/sprinting.. they suck for anything else tho Very comfortable!  Defineately strictly a track or sprinting shoe!! Not versatile. but an awesome sprint shoe!  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
B008AXW9PI Great track shoe! My son is running track and he is very pleased with these shoes. They fit great,are light weight and he likes the way they look. Just the shoe to win the 110 meter hurdle race in!!
B008AXWA8O PUMA Men's Cell Oliz 2 Running Shoe These shoes look good and are really durable but they have a weird fit to them. They fit great every where but the top where the ankle is; they are loose in that area. If you want them for style or durability get them. But if you're looking for a good workout or running shoe, these may not be the pair.
B008AXWA8O Good looking shoe. Shoes look good, pretty comfortable, but sometimes when I walk the shoe makes this clicking noise, kinda' like if the shoe were popped. It's not popped though.
B008AXWA8O The Honey Comb shoe haha So awesome + comfortable very happy. Haven't seen no one else wearing this shoe..... Unique light and it really fits way good
B008AXY38Y Great Shoe Id suggest a size larger, but I love the support. Comfortable after a few days of walking, great shoe all around.
B008AXY38Y Shoe fit Great fit excellent and the shoe is comfortable that is what I want from a shoe great job puma wonderful
B008AXY38Y Son's sneakers My youngest has been shopping online for sneakers as our local shoe stores do not as a rule stock his size. He found the Puma's and the rest is history. The delivery was quick, fit is perfect, and the price was excellent! No more looking for hours at all shoe store for his size, will purchase again in future. Highly recommend for people with kids with big feet!
B008AXY38Y Great runner Love the look and feel of this shoe... but don't forget to get the half size larger!
B008AXY38Y Great shoe Great shoe.
B008AXY38Y Great Comfortable Shoe I love the way these shoes look and feel. I use them when I am out and about and they look great and are very comfortable to walk around in.
B008AXY38Y Love this shoe! This is a great puma shoe. It is not too narrow, like most other puma shoes, and it is really bright white, unlike the running version which is sort of white and yellow tinted. Comfortable for walking and everyday wear, but nice looking with jeans. This will be my second pair of this shoe.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars Very comfortable shoe and stylish.
B008AXY38Y Shoe looks good I normally wear Nike Air Force 1s and I wear a mens 8 in those. These shoes I have to purchase in a size 9.
B008AXY38Y Great Shoe!!!!! As I read other people's reviews,  I purchased this shoes 1/2 to a whole size larger. I usually wear 10.5 to 11 shoes size.  The 11.5 work out great.Besides the shoe sizing issue, this is a very comfortable shoe and looks great!!
B008AXY38Y My favorite pair of Puma's so far I've owned my fair share of Puma's in this similar style &#8212; probably a total of about 7-8 pairs in various colorways mainly in the Voltaic style.  I must say though that this is probably my favorite to date and I think it really has to do with the all-leather construction rather than the mesh style of the Voltaic.  The mesh on the Voltaic gets dirty quickly and is difficult to clean.  Keeping these clean and sharp looking so far has been easy with a little magic eraser or even just a wet rag.  If you're familiar with the Puma Voltaic or Cell styles - the fit/wear is very similar.  Obviously there is a lot of personal preference but I think they are a very comfortable casual shoe.  Being a part-time runner, I definitely wouldn't consider this a good running shoe however just due to the lack of cushion on the sole and the overall weight of the shoe.  If you're looking for a good running shoe, I would look elsewhere.  But if you want a comfortable shoe to wear with jeans or shorts, this fits the bill!
B008AXY38Y Love it Never purchase a shoe before so when it arrived I did not expect to much but to my surprise it was perfect looked even better than the picture
B008AXY38Y Nice Shoe...Nice Fit...Too sad one shoe makes an annoying noise I was excited to own these Puma's. A shoe I had always wanted to try. They look great and I was ready to enjoy wearing them but just my luck, I get the pair that has the one shoe that makes a very annoying noise as I walk or run. I hope somehow it will "break in" and stop.Other then that...What an awesome looking shoe, with a very comfortable fit.
B008AXY38Y Four Stars Well constructed athletic shoe that looks good. The shoe is comfortable and fits perfectly.Great look...Great feel...Great price!
B008AXY38Y Light and clean A lot thinner leather is used in this shoe.  good on one hand that shoe is light.  Will have to see how it hold up.  Being thin, the material fits close to foot so agility feels good.  An every day shoe.  Not usre if it would hold up to running.  Looks good also.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoe but.. Make sure and order these 1/2 size larger than you would normally buy as they fit tight in the toe area.Also there is no shoestring tab on the tongue for keeping it from sliding to the side. B-
B008AXY38Y Great shoe I've only had this for about a week but so far it's a great shoe.  Fits comfortably and no problems thus far.
B008AXY38Y Surprisingly a good running shoe! I would consider myself a middle distance runner.  I run probably 20 miles per week.  When I first started I could not find shoes in a regular shoe store that supported my feet well.  I went to a running store and got fitted and found the perfect shoe for my feet.  For the past 4 years that brand and style is all I've worn to run in.  With that background provided here's my review of this Puma shoe.  I only bought them because the store had a BOGO half off sale on them.  I was just looking for some shoes to lift weights in at the gym.  I tried on several shoes and was disappointed as usual with running shoes from regular shoe store.  But when I tried on these shoes my foot felt perfectly stable and supported.  Let it be known I have over-pronation, low arch, and wide feet.  These shoes felt so comfortable on my feet I decided to give them a run and they felt just as good as my more expensive usual pair.  So currently I've only put about 9 miles on them.  We'll see if they hold up as I pile on more and more mileage.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars Great training shoe, real stable, awesome looking
B008AXY38Y nice shoe It was a nice looking shoe. It was just a little to small for me. But i will reorder another pair
B008AXY38Y Nice shoe Got these for my husband so he could do his cardio, strength, and HiiT stuff and also just to support him walking around living everyday life. So far he likes them a lot and says they are very comfortable to him. They seem to offer all around support and give him good bounce or rebound when he needs it which is great when your jumping rope or just moving around in general. Overall they seem to be a great shoe.
B008AXY38Y defect in right shoe Shoe has defect in the  right  foot.  both pare that I ordered had defect on  big toe of right shoe
B008AZD5ZE Fit and Finish are Great I really like this shoe and Amazon delivered the correct shoe in the correct box. Wow, What a country!!! (That isn't always the case. See my comments on my adventures with ordering PUMA Men's Tazon 5 Cross-Training Shoe,White/Black/Ribbon Red,11 D US).
B008AZD5ZE Great Shoes Shoes arrived on time, quality is good and fit as sized.  Shoe is nice looking, light and seems to be good shoe for intended use of running. Great buy!
B008AZD5ZE Very nice Shoe Good price for a comfortable shoe, light and nice colors for this pair of shoes, really like it good buy
B008AZD5ZE Great workout Shoe! Bought this shoe to mix up my gym collection and it is great! The outsole is very soft and may not do great for long distance running outside. Comfortable shoe for the 1 hour period you are working out. Very light and it has a great design. I usually wear a 13 in nike and a 13 in Puma is perfect for length/width
B008AZG59W Nice Shoe Product fit as described. Good shoe, Lots of compliments at the hospital. Overall amazon has been a disappointment lately though.
B008AZG59W Buy this shoe This shoe is very comfortable. Gym day is great. Size fits like it should no up or down size needed
B008AZG59W Good Shoe at a reasonal price. At 70 years old I look for comfort first and this shoe fits the bill.  Not only does it fit but its easy to put on.
B008AZG59W Wasn't sure what to expect. I bought this show based on review feedback. I do not consider myself a runner.  I have limiited time to burn calories and this is the most convenient way to do that in my present life.  I run about 6-10 miles 3 days/week and lift weights 2 days/week. I have based my decisions soley on comfort in the past, because I don't know what other factors play into a good performance shoe.The shoe fits as expected length and width. It is lightweight. The look is nice. The soles did not seem to provide much give or cushion. The heel seems a little narrower than I'm used to.  I don't know what effect that will have.I decided to wear them around the house for a couple of hours to break them in and still was no especially fond of their comfort. I then decided to run a couple miles on a treadmill.  Still not much of a change.I only know if something feels good it is probably right. Maybe comfort does not = good in all cases.  Maybe there is new criteria in what makes a running shoe perform well for you, and in that case soft and cushion like may not be what is needed. Maybe this is exactly what I need in a running shoe, but am not aware of it yet. Maybe it need a more rigid sole to provide protection to arches and aid in the mechanics of running.I Hope this is helpful to some of you. I also welcome feedback on what I should look for in a running shoe so that I will know in the future. My gut keeps telling me something have to be bought in person, and get what is comfortable.Since they are not necessarily uncomfortable, I am going to keep them and see if there is improvement in either the comfort of the shoe or if there is a noticable difference in how my body feels after running as a result of the shoe. It could be a blessing in disguise.
B008AZG59W Great shoe Fit well and great workout shoe for the price.  I use them as my gym shoe and have no complaints.
B008AZG59W Great shoe Bought these shoes for my husband as a Christmas gift.  He needed a good workout shoe.  They arrived on time in a nice package and he said they are super comfortable and loves the look of them.
B008AZG59W Love them This shoe is great for running. The cushioning is perfect. The quality is always top notch with Puma. I love them!
B008AZG59W Great show for the price. These aren't going to make me fly and aren't the most comfortable shoes that I've ever worn, but for the price, the are a great running shoe.
B008AZG59W Awesome shoe ! Very comfortable shoe light weight and flashy l get alot of complements on them! And the sizing was right on the money!
B008AZLCBI its smaller than what i expected Its a lightweight shoe but if i wear it for long my feet hurt. Overall a good shoe, just make sure you order 0.5 to 1 size more than what you usually wear.
B008AZLCBI Nice shoe - with some caveats First, this is a running shoe so it's very narrow and snug.  Order wide sizes if you have any question about width.  That being said, it's a great shoe - very lightweight and very comfortable to wear.  It's got lots of padding and the soft-foam rubber soles give lots and lots of cushion.  I'm not a runner per se, but have used these shoes to stand for several hours at a time at football games, etc. and it keeps my feet from getting tired and sore.The one thing I don't like is that they get dirty really easily/quickly, and are difficult to clean.  Even a run through the washer didn't remove the grime from some of the deeply-recessed fabric part of the shoe.
B008B0MGQ2 Great shoe Great shoe, comfortable great appearance. I bought it because i had the Tazon 2 and I really liked i was looking for something equal and found this shoe. Great shoe. Recommended 150%
B008B0MGQ2 Awesome shoe I love Puma's style and this shoe did not disappoint me. At first it was a little tight for the fitting, but within a day it loosened up just enough.Highly recommend.Oh, the folks who sent it to me, got it to me quickly, well wrapped and it perfect condition, so a huge thank you to them!!
B008B0MGQ2 very good shoe Very good shoe I have several pair of them will buy some more great shoe for walking and what ever you do
B008B0MGQ2 greg shoe's fit good and they are a good looking shoe.. wish i had more of them so i can have a pair for everyday..
B008B0MGQ2 Great Puma shoe! I've always loved Puma's styling but their selection in the past was limited.  As a result, I've always run in Mizunos and Asics.  I needed to get a primarily white pair of running shoes for work but found it impossible to find anything in my usual brands.  I decided to search Puma and was pleasantly surprised to see how many &#34;white&#34; offerings they have.  The shoe's styling is great, looks good for work.  The shoes are extremely comfortable and while i wondered about the relatively low front foot, the padding is great and I wouldn't mind running in them if I wasn't trying to keep them clean for work.  (Not sure how they would hold up for high-mileage runners.)  Before buying, the reviews indicated that I should buy a size, which I did.  They fit fine but I think I will only go a half-size up when I order my next pair of Pumas.  Highly recommended.
B008B0MGQ2 Best shoe to buy I have nothing negative to say.  Shoe fits great and very comfortable, best shoe I've purchased in a long time.
B008EXQTBO shoe review lots of Cushing, great leather , good for my bad knees . going to use  them for walking, and might try jogging
B008EYO4TW Great shoe if you're on your feet all day! I'm on my feet all day....and I don't want an ugly tennis shoe.  These are perfect - a little sporty but not terribly casual.  Very comfy.  Hue Cool Contour liners fit perfectly without showing or getting pulled down by the shoe.  Love!!  The fit is very slightly small....I am usually a 7.5 or 8, and 8 are perfect in these.
B008EYO4TW is a good shoe is a good shoe, I'm comfortable with these shoes, except the finish on the heel, is recommended, but not the best shoe, arrived in good time and hassle very good
B008EYO4TW Too close for comfort First impression upon slipping these one was that they hurt, but I decided to walk around a little and they quickly felt more comfortable. However, after a few minutes, the binding of the toes on my left (larger) foot was very noticeable. I could see the pressure from the change in color of my toes after removing the shoe and letting me toes re-expand. The shoe fit near perfect on the right foot, but I can't get over the discomfort of wearing it on my left, similar to other shoes I've owned in the past. The shoes are super cute and well made, but these will have to be returned. Going up a half size would cause them, especially the right foot, to be too large and they would rub. Very unfortunate. :(
B008EYO4TW Great walking shoe Highly recommend.  True to size.  I use these as a commuting shoe and also intent to use them for travel.  Very comfortable insole, and I love the rubber sole, which makes them very comfortable for walking and standing.  The back of the heel has a very comfortable little extra cushion, so there is no rubbing.  I got black for versatility and have worn them several times.
B008EYO4TW Look at the image from the top down closely. I got these as a gift for my wife.When you look at the image of the shoe from above looking down at the top of the shoe you notice that most human feet are not shaped like that. To get the toes in there people are ordering half size to big. That is what we did. They seemed to fit at first so we kept them and put them away for an the right time to wear them. (They are not appropriate for where my wife works and with children we don't get out much). Then my wife tried to wear them when we were going out somewhere and found that as she was getting ready, before we even left the house, the back was rubbing her when her foot slide forward and back. Remember these are a half size too big. The stiffness of the material contributed greatly to the problem.To overcome having to by a size larger we stopped at the drug store on our way out and she got a self adhesive gel heel insert that sticks to where the heel of a women's dress shoe rubs the skin and cushions it.She has not worn the shoes since and never wore the same style in a different color. I guess I didn't get a great gift.
B008EYP1K8 Nice shoe, very pink The shoe is very comfortable but the patent has a distinct pink tint that doesn't show up in the picture.
B008EYP1K8 So comfortable! These Pumas are a great &#34;teacher&#34; shoe.  I am on my feet all day, and these are comfortable day in and day out.
B008EYP1K8 Good shoe Love this shoe for work because the sole is so easy to walk on.  I'm on my feet all day so need shoes that can last - this is this pair. Only problem with these are that they are not really suitable for summer, my feet get too hot in them.  Spring and Autumn though are perfect.
B008EYP1K8 So comfortable. Like walking on a cloud.  A shoe that is stylish and comfortable.  Great for traveling.  I wear a 6 1/2 and it fits perfectly.
B008EYP1K8 Cute shoe I really like this shoe, just make sure you order 1/2 size up. I wear a size 8 so I ordered a 8 1/2. They are a really cute shade of pink just like the picture. I have not worn them a full day yet, I can't wait until it gets warmer. You will be happy with these.
B008EYP1K8 Comfortable shoes but.... These shoes are comfortable , but the size which I usually  wear seemed a bit loose to me in this shoe....
B008EYQHY2 Puma Women's DVA shoe I have one pair of Puma shoes and they fit a little tight but with time have relaxed and are comfortable so I ordered this pair but the sizing is not consistent. I ordered 1/2 size larger and it's way to big. I'm returning this product. It doesn't come up as far on the toe area as the other Ballerina shoe.. Actually this looks like the other without a strap, but it's not.
B008F063BM PUMA Women's Drift Cat 4 This shoe runs small.After reading the reviews I ordered a half size up and it was still too snugI wish it would have fit though because the shoe itself is beautiful.The photo does not do it justice.
B008F068WQ Good Shoe Not really that impressed.  I find this shoe lacking in the cushioning department.  I prefer a more cushioned footbed, but they're very fashionable.  i wear them with my capri leggings and they look good.  i just don't use them for running.  i did put a different insole in them, but that didnt' help much with the cushioning so i wear them for other things.
B008F06A5Q GREAT COLORS not as comfy a fitas I was hoping for The weight of this shoe is most comfortable. I was hoping for a bit more wiggle room in the toe of the shoe. I am pleased with the shoe laces.. they staytied and don't constantly come loose as with some of my walking/running shoes.
B008F06A5Q Great shoe so far. I bought this so I can start working out at the gym and jogging. It does fit as I expected. I did realize that the shoe seems to shift on my foot slightly which makes it awkward and gave me a slight blister on my heel. It was shipped very quickly. I may want to actually try on another shoe like this before I buy it again to see if I am really happy with it or not. This was the first time I have ever bought a running shoe and the first time I have spent this much money on shoes! I don't know if I would like to pay that much money again. All in all I am pretty happy though and they are very cute!
B008F06A5Q Excellent Shoe. Excellent article.It was what I expected.Excellent Shoe and good service delivery.I am satisfied with the package.I recommend them.My wife loves it.
B008F06A5Q Best running shoe every purchase I have worn a fracture boot for the last month and needed a transition shoe before getting back to my casual wear. Wore theses shoes for 8 hrs straight with no issues.
B008F06A5Q Awesome shoe! Love the look and feel. So light weight. Using it for Zumba! Only wish it came with a second set of shoe laces, maybe in the green. But that's easily remedied.
B008F06C7C Great shoe They are very comfortable. I use them for Zumba. They are lightweight  and it is easy to move around in them.
B008F06C7C Not bad... I was looking for a low tread shoe to wear to instruct Zumba classes. I loved the colors and it had the pivot ball so I picked these.The fit is perfect. I order my regular shoe size and have no issues there. They do look a little like soccer cleats in person which is a little odd but they seem alright otherwise for what I needed them for.
B008F06C7C Perfect Shoe True to size and perfect fit!  Broke them in during one Zumba class!!  I like the colors offered for this shoe.
B008F06C7C Runs Small My feet are on the narrow side so the width of the shoe is fine.  The length runs slightly small but is tolerable.  I purchased the shoe for Zumba classes - after just a couple of classes the tongue slides and is uncomfortable.  I have to stop to reposition the tongue and retie the shoe.
B008F06C7C Ok shoes I liked this shoe I think mostly for the color and shape. While the shoe is true to fit (I wear a 7.5 USA and got a 7.5 USA), but the back of the shoe rubs against the back of my ankle, which makes it quite uncomfortable. I'm sure a longer pair of socks would help, but I like ankle socks. I will continue to wear the shoe. Hopefully they will adjust to my foot and the rubbing against the back of my ankle will dwindle down.
B008F06KB0 great shoe Just as advertised great shoe perfect fit am very happy would recommend to buy color style are  just as describe
B008F0KUOS Fantastic! The shoes really surprised me! The shoe provides a great performance and good cushioning. It is very light and fluffy (very comfortable). Let's see how it behaves in the item durability, because in other respects is very good!The money is great!
B008F0KUOS puma shoes rock Comfortable shoe for the running that I'mDoing can use at the track or on the streetsGreat all around shoe
B008F0O0S0 Shoe fit great! I was really impressed with how comfortable the left shoe was out of the box!Unfortunately, the right shoe, while labeled on the stitched-tag as a 13, was in actuality an 11 or 12, and my foot couldn't fit in it. :(  So I had to return them and they didn't have any more, and when they GOT more, it was no longer available for prime, and the price had increased.So I don't actually own these shoes anymore.But man, at the price I spent with prime at the time, it was a great deal for an awesome shoe!  Just got a rare factory defect mislabeling on the right one. :-/
B008F17R2K Great Shoe Was very surprised when I tried on this shoe. Normally it's hard for me to find a shoe that doesn't need a lot of wearing in. This was comfortable from the get-go. The shoes look awesome and are extremely comfy. My own issue is that I will have to be careful where I walk so that no mud or rocks get stuck in the 'cage' towards the back of the heel. But that's mainly on me, and not so much Puma.
B008F17R2K The back of this shoe is very rough I bought this shoe and this is definitely not one of the shoes I can use all day. The back of the shoe is very rough and I had my skin peeled out after it rubbed against the shoe. I have stopped using it after the initial 2-3 days. One of my worst investments ever.
B008F17R2K Could be better The shoe has a good design, and with an imperfect fit it is not as good as it could be.
B008F17R2K Great shoe The 10.5 is a little snug for my liking, should have gotten 11. Other than that, it's a great shoe
B008F17R2K Good shoes but materials seem a little cheap given the competition My wife works for Nike so I have my fair share of running shoes but I was looking for something a little different and bought these without seeing them in person. The shoe fits quite well and is very stable so I am happy with them overall. The only thing I don't really care for is the build materials. I can only describe it as a ever so slight rigid plastic upper which results in an odd, not necessarily uncomfortable, bend in the front of the shoe when you launch off the ground. It's the only thing I'm not a fan of with this shoe.
B008F17R2K Just what I expected from Puma - a good looking, nice fitting, comfortable shoe!! I originally ordered an 8.5 in this shoe.  It was a little small, so I contacted Amazon customer service & exchanged it for  size 9.  Of course Amazon customer service was awesome to work with.  They sent me the exchange shoes before I had a chance to send the original ones back to them!  I don't  think this shoe is sized small -It's consistent with the sizing of all Puma shoes.  I wear 8.5 in some brands, and size 9 in other brands and remembered after I received the original order all my Puma's are size 9.  I haven't had the shoes very long and have only worn them a few times.  So far I am perfectly satisfied with them.  I received compliments on them from many people - they are a nice looking pair of shoes!  My grown son who is a shoe fanatic loved them - the look & the quality, and decided to order a pair for himself.  They are SO comfortable -  feel great on my feet!! I recently had foot surgery, so I'm thrilled about the awesome fit and comfort of this shoe.  I would recommend to anyone who likes a nice looking, comfortable pair of shoes.
B008F17R2K Great for the price, not sure if I would use as a dedicated running shoe. I'm bought this shoe for casual uses, got it at a great price so it was worth every penny.  I probably wouldn't use this as my go to running shoe, but it might work OK for some.  Size does run a little small, but I knew this.  I am a size 10 and ordered a 10.5, and I have narrower feet than average and these shoes fit perfect.
B008F17R2K Pretty good exercise shoe Being a military guy, I purchased the red, white and blue shoe for crosstraining.  The colors are really bright and got alot of attention.  Besides the looks, I didn't expect the shoe to be so comfortable.  I can feel it expand and hug my feet during high impact.  After an hour or so of weightlifting and running 5 times a week in a month, the shoe is still holding up and feeling great.  The material itself seems a little crappy but looks are deceiving.  I would highly recommend them to my shipmates.
B008F17R2K Great for the price! These shoes fit surprisingly well. For the price I paid, they work quite well and actually look really cool. They do take some time to get broken in, but so far are holding up very well. If you are not looking for something super high-end and don't want to spend a lot of money on a running shoe, this is a great route to go. As far as the reviews about size---I would recommend going with the same size of your previous pair of running shoes if you have any, not your regular shoe size. It worked for me.
B008F17R2K Looks good but a little snug. As other reviews have stated these run small. I am a 10, but ordered a 10 1/2 and they are snug. If your foot is wide, these may not be the shoe for you.
B008F17R2K If the shoe fits.... This is a great shoe - visually very stunning with great flowing lines and functionally very comfortable. So far, I have used this shoe for running, biking to work, playing tennis and it seems to be a great all purpose shoe. In fact, I was surprised how well this shoe worked on the tennis court. It certainly has a lot of support and enough flexibility. Highly recommended.
B008F17R2K Still hanging in I didn't buy this for running. I use it every day for walk/power walk. They are very comfortable and look good. The reason why I gave it four stars instead of five is because my left shoe is starting to worn out (it could be an issue with my shoe and not the product itself). Other than that they are great so far.
B008F17R2K Puma Shoe It was a grey shoe upon arrival, and I'd hoped it was white with yellow.  But for a steal at $30, these are BY FAR the most comfortable shoe I've purchased in the last 10 years.  In fact, I like them so much I'm going to get a couple extra pair to have on hand when I need a replacement!  They're that comfortable!
B008F17R2K Puma BioWeb Running Shoe Fit was good.  I wear a size 10.  I use it as a jogging shoe. The heel being higher than the sole took some time to get use to.  The uppers are not mesh.  They are all plastic.  It seems the shoe doesn't breathe, like say a Nike would, which makes it a very warm shoe.  I bought them on sale for $54 and I consider that a bargain.
B008F17R2K size matters It is a great running shoe, but order a half size larger than your actual foot size. The weight of the shoe is light but also stable for those who tend to plant on the outside of the foot.
B008F17R2K Not sure if to like it or not.. I have these for a few days now, I must be honest and say they are much less comfortable then expected and smaller then a standard shoe.Luckily I read the comments and followed as the buyers said after experiencing with the shoes.Pros:#These are very beautiful shoes, just looking at them makes me wanna wear them again.#Cheap! bought it at a very cheap price - these were 20$ - 40$ cheaper then any other shoe in the same category.(That's all the good things i have to say about the shoes):(Cons:#Size - The comments the buyers posted in here are true!! These are at least 1 size smaller then they tend to, i am 9.5 (U.S size) and i'm lucky to follow the comments here, because then I would get stuck with unusable shoes.I ordered size 10 (should of been 10.5), they still a bit small but wearable, and they are narrow, but I don't mind it.#Feels on foot - Walking in them for a few days and I still didn't get use to them, they actually feels like a Chinese wooden shoe, pretty weird, and those are supposed to be a running shoes! lolA chinese wooden shoe:[...]When pressing with the big toe forward, like trying to stand on them, it feels like I'm standing on the ground, for some reason I can't feel any support from the shoe for the toe, and just thinking about running with them makes me not wanting to even try, how the hell one should run with these unsupportive shoes, and they are actually not comfortable to wear, even though I am sitting all day long at the office, when I am back home I feel my legs hurt and I just wanna take the shoes off, maybe that's the size problem, not sure though.I am probably gonna wear these as casual shoes only because they look really good.I must point out that I wear Nike Zoom since 6 years ago, and even when they were already torn they still felt good, moving to "PUMA BioWeb Elite" was a real disappointing experience.They do look good though and very cheap, but I probably should of save more money to buy a better ones.##March 19 2014 Update##After a few months wearing and getting used to the feeling, Decided to go for a run.Had a 20 minutes run and actually, it felt fine.I raised the star rating from 2 to 3. If I could I'd gave it 3.5
B008F17R2K Good looking shoe nice style but not much sole on them The &iacute;tem met my expectations regarding style, comfort and price. The size runs smaller than usual, i bought mine 8.5 but in my opinion there like 8. I would recomend the &iacute;tem for someone who is looking for a stylish running shoe to be used on grass or turf, but if they are going to be used to run on Street or rough terrain consider the sole will run out quilkly. I give it 3 stars because of the size situation and also because i used them to run 10k's just for 2 months, after that i was running practically on plastic.
B008F17R2K Satisfaction The puma bioweb shoe is comfortable, sleek and fly. I live in upper Marlboro and I'm the only person with the shoe, but not for long cause SO MANY people have inquired about this shoe and they my be my first pair of puma shoes they won't be my last!!!!!!
B008F17R2K Awesome Shoe for Awesome Price I purchased these shoes during a gold box deal.  I did not expect much but was pleasantly surprised when the shoe construction and appearance were spot on.  The shoe does run a little small, but over time they have stretched a little to make room.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone.
B008F17R2K Most comfortable shoe Ive ever worn This is the lightest and most comfortable shoe I own.  I wore them to the gym today and it was like walking on gel.  I literally had to look down to make sure I was wearing shoes, that's how light they are.
B008F17R2K Good shoe, I enjoy it And I walk with it daily. very happy with this. I think the price was great as well.light and comfy
B008F17R2K Good workout shoe I got this shoe on an Amazon deal and wore it out. The black looks great, it feels great - it is not a good running shoe by any standard that I hold for running shoes, but for working out and for general wear it is great.I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
B008F17R2K Puma Shoe The shoe looks and fits perfect. A nice little red bag came with it and I notice the shoes was made in Indonesia. I don't know if there is a puma factory in Indonesia. It seems to be a good workout shoe.
B008F17R2K Nice Shoe Shoe was a little small for an 8. However no problems were encountered due to fit. Good shoe to wear when knocking around.
B008F17R2K Not what I was looking for No did not like the color off the shoe and it was big for me not for me it looks women's shoe .
B008F17R2K Problem shoe This is a borderline shoe: The fit was fine (on the other hand, I did try it on at a major shoe store before purchasing the shoe as a daily deal from Amazon), but I would NOT recommend for purchase. Two major issues:1. There is NO padding in the tongue of this shoe: the tongue is no thicker than two pieces of nylon stitched together. This causes some discomfort and skin irritation at the end of the day, as there is little padding between the tied laces and the foot.2. The so-called BioWeb, the plastic lattice in the sole and the heel, broke in a few places rather quickly (I do not run in these shoes, only walk). This makes for annoying snaps and pops as I walk.I cannot recommend these shoes. I almost returned them to Amazon, but decided to keep, perhaps against my better judgment.
B008F17R2K Great Shoe Bloweb is one of Pumas best looking shoe. It fits perfect and is doesn't feel like your carrying around rocks on your feet 4 stars.
B008F17R2K Great Cross-Training Shoe The shoe looks great, and fits as expected. It has awesome support. This is a good cross training shoe. Great for leg day at the gym. I love this PUMA. Own 7 pair in different colors.
B008F17R2K Good for the money I bought this during an Amazon lightening sale and am extremely happy with the shoe for the money.  Its a lightweight shoe so I don't expect the durability of some others.  The shoe fits true to size and is very comforfortable.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable running shoe Very pleased to have a snug heel cup.The shoe fits the form of my foot fine. I am not a fan of loose fitting running shoes. Too soon to tell longevity of shoes (the adhesive durability of sole ). stunning design and color scheme. I would recommend this product.Nice touch the product arrives with a re-useable tote bag for shopping.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable shoe 5 stars awarded for look and comfort. I've only gone on one 5k run but I definitely feel the support offered by these pumas. My feet felt great from beginning to end and the shoe is lightweight which made the feel even better. No need to break these shoes in because they are road ready right out of the box. Ran true to size.
B008F17R2K Great shoe If you want a soft impact on you feet then this is a good athletic shoe to have for activities.
B008F17R2K great shoes good price! I'm a huge puma fan. I love this shoe very comfortable. It runs a little big I'm normally an 11.5 in puma but I could probably fit perfect in an 11 but I still love them!
B008F17R2K Factory mistake Got my BioWebs (blue and light green) but there was a printing mistake on the shoe and some of the light green was left off. Leaving only the light blue in places. Only one of the shoes has the mistake, so it looks a little out of place. While it's not like the whole shoe was wrong, I'm picky and it takes this from a four to a three star. Functionally, the shoe is comfortable and great to run in.
B008F17R2K Too small; no breathe-ability whatsoever My normal size is a 13, but probably should have gotten a 14.My previous pair of shoes were Adidas running shoes with ClimaCool, so I think that I've been spoiled by those because of true 'breathe-ability'. These shoes say they are breathable, but I would not consider them that. There is nowhere within the sock enclosure for hot air to escape. When I took the shoes off after 20 minutes of simply wearing them around the house, there was a large amount of hot air within the shoe already. The materials feel extremely cheap (what can you expect from China, and for a $50 shoe). The 'bioweb' is simply a look, and doesn't appear to have any real effect on the shoe itself, which is disappointing.Needless to say, I am returning the shoes.
B008F17R2K Shoe run small get bigger size. Other then the tight fit in front of shoe I like the shoe and the price. Shoe runs small get bigger size.
B008F17R2K Nice lightweight shoe This is an extremely comfortable shoe; fits well and as expected. I would expect that it will last a good while, as the materials appear to be durable and well-constructed.
B008F17R2K Great shoe, ignore the ignorant reviews I can't believe 90% of the criticism on this shoe is that it's .5 size smaller. WOW big deal. Every manufacturer's size is different.Shoe is definitely comfortable and looks nice compared to other bulky/ugly running shoes.Some other people said the quality is bad so we'll have to see how it holds up.
B008F17R2K Nice performance shoe, very springy This shoe was advertised as a cross training shoe, but then at purchase it is stated as a running shoe.  whatever the heck it is, it is more like a running shoe.  Saying that, it is a very nice running shoe.  Although one eyelet has already broken on me:(
B008F17R2K Great shoe design,and comfortable for the price. Great shoe design,and comfortable for the price. True to size, ideal for running, and cushion helps feet not hurt. Good looking Puma sneaker.
B008F17R2K Not as expected. The shoe is very uncomfortable the back of the shoe rides up on my Achilles & is very annoying and hurts as well.  I will never buy this brand again.
B008F17R2K Go Puma It's a quality shoe, fits true to size, & comfortable to do activities in. Glad I made this purchase yup!
B008F17R2K Great crossfit trainer or Gym shoe Was never a big Puma footwear fan however I fell in love with the Veris several years ago and since then purchased a Velosis, Faas 500, 550, 900 and recently the Bioweb.Puma's Bioweb Elite has plenty of forefoot cushioning making it great for squats and overall gym work. I would not recommend this shoe for long runs or anything over 2km if you're a heel striker as I believe there are other more comfortable running shoes available.The shoe's stability will assist over-pronators and they all come in a great range of colours.
B008F17R2K Puma did not make a good running shoe These Puma running shoes look great. But as a running shoe they failed. First the size was smaller than expected, I wear a size 9.5 but I ordered a 10.0 just in case they ran a little smaller. But they were a little narrow at the end, so the smaller size makes it tough on the running. The back of the shoe was too high up with the material and caused a blister on my Achilles tendon first thing during my break in run. Hopefully the plastic will loosen up a little and solve some of the issues. Will not buy again.
B008F17R2K Great Running Shoe Pros: lightweight, comfortable, and just makes you feel like running.Cons: Tongue of the shoe constantly needs to be pulled up.
B008F17R2K The stripes on the side The stripes on the side actually start coming off if you use the shoe what it was meant for, speed and agility training, THe first week I had them, the bottom part of the stripe started to come off and is now fully torn at the bottom and flaking. Good shoe overall, however, they should not use cheap rubber material for the decoration.
B008F17R2K Shoe was a bit small Its a great shoe, generally I wear a size 11, they must have come from the UK. I would like to exchange them for an 11 in a half, if possible. Thanks
B008F17R2K fabulous shoe I was fortunate enough to be able to purchase this shoe on a one day sale for under $60 bucks. They look great, feel great on my feet and are worth the money.  I walk about 3.2 miles a day and these shoes are performing beyond my expectations. enjoy!
B008F17R2K 4 STARS!!!  PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe Love this shoe - light weight, comfortable and flexible. I'm not much of a runner but I wear these to the gym and I'm very pleased with the purchase.
B008F17R2K nice shoe its a good shoe but the color is more grey than black the picture is very misleading but still worth the price
B008F17R2K great shoe great fit, comfortable with a very still sole. Perfect fit too. I used to run on the minimalist shoes but with arthritis I had to stop. This shoe eliminates the pain.
B008F17R2K Good Shoe For The Price Well The Shoe A Little Tight At First But All New Shoes Are But All I Can Say Is Its Worth The Price.
B008F17R2K Really a fashion shoe, not a runner Light and stylish but runs a size too small. Also less arch support than Addias running shoes. Best as a fashion shoe.
B008F17R2K Way better than other Pumas... This pair of shoe feels so much better than other puma shoes i have bought in the past. The shoe feels fantastic, even if it is the first couple times wearing them. They fit perfectly, feel comfortable, and adds at least an inch to your height.I would recommend these shoes overPUMA Men's Faas 100 R Glow Running Shoe,Fluorescent OrangeandPUMA Men's Shintai Running Shoe,Bittersweet/WhiteNot only does the Bioweb Elite feel better, its cheap...like 35-45$ cheapAnd sidenote...The color is bright. Absolutely awesome
B008F17R2K Great shoe for a great price I'm a big puma fan and I go this shoe at great price.  Top quality too.  Very happy with purchase
B008F17R2K Not comfortable Shoe is very small and not very comfortable. I normally wear Nike. This shoe is very thin and does not have great padding.
B008F17R2K Most Comfortable Running Shoe This shoe is well worth the price. The most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Shoe seems to be durable and supported my feet during a long run.
B008F17R2K great deal everything is great except top of the shoe behind ankle is quite rough on skin when running/walking.  Blisters, maybe its just me
B008F17R2K Excellent shoe Very good shoe whether you are working out or just wearing them with jeans.  They are comfortable and good looking!
B008L74P0A Comfortable Shoe I ordered this shoe because it looked neat and clean.  I have run in it, walked in it and have worn them all day long.  They are comfortable with a stable base and solid construction.  I am not tough on shoes so I mention the solid construction because I have had others fall apart on me.  The top portion allows my feet to breathe and the leather sides provide support.  All around, very happy with the shoes.
B008L74P0A A great feeling shoe The shoe is comfortable nice looking and I have had compliments from friends also, I would recommend this to a friend
B008QX8VWM Great Shoe I love this shoe.  Looks fantastic and fits very well.  Can't wait for the weather to break to get out on the course!
B008QX8VWM Great shoe Great comfortable shoe, available in many fun colors. Puma also has a great spike system, you foot stays in place.
B008QX8VWM Great shoe good golf shoe very comfortable good performance great look I would order another pair Puma shoes of the best .
B008QX8VWM Solid Shoe It is a very solid shoe with great stability and does not sacrifice comfort.  The good and bad: It has some great waterproofing properties, but the material squeeks for a bit until you can break them in.  Other than that, I am loving them so far.
B008QX8VWM Great shoe Not like normal pumas that run small, these are regular size. The shoe itself is amazing in feel and mostly all water proof. Simply love them!
B008QXBTF8 An Ok Shoe! In a nike golf shoe im a 10.5 this shoe is made big had to get a 9.5 for my feet to not slidearound. Overall i would rate this shoe 7 out of 10 the shoe is a good looking shoejust wish the comfort was there as much as it looks...
B008QY0KMK Great Shoe Great price for a great shoe. I purchased this shoe for $60 which was less than half the price I saw anywhere else. As usual, I received the shoe on time as promised. This is a very comfortable shoe and wears well on the course. Very good traction and provides excellent balance. Highly recommend you purchase before they're all gone at this amazing price. I truly love buying through Amazon!!!
B008QY0MWS Good Shoe! Great Golf shoe for the beginner and well they fit comfortable too! Overall I recommend these! Also a fan of Clyde!
B008QY0MWS Great looking shoe Great looking shoe and it fits well. I use a size 13 shoe and this fits perfect. I like a good amount of space in the front of my shoe in order to allow my foot to expand after a few hours of walking and this shoe is great.It is a little stiff at first and a little bit of maintenance to keep them clean but a great looking shoe. I would buy again.
B008QY0MWS excellent shoe, seems slightly small I enjoy the golf shoes, I have worn them on several outing and they are very comfortable and supportive. They do seem like they are a 1/2 size small but I would definitely order a 2nd pair. Very good price, nice looking shoe and comfortable for casual wear. What else could you ask for??? I don't believe they are waterproof, however, I didn't research them enough to know.
B008QY0MWS Great Golf Shoe Attractive shoe and fits perfectly per size ordered.  Great shoe for the price!  Buying a second pair as a spare.
B008QY0MWS Puma spikeless golf shoe My normal shoe size is 9 1/2 D.  The length was fine but the width seems a little narrower than a &#34;D&#34; width.  I'm hoping they will widen with some wear.  Good looking shoe.
B008QY0MWS Cool spikeless golf shoe Very comfortable shoe, spikeless design allows for foot movement for us hackers!  Nice looking too.  People think they're regular sneakers until I show them the bottoms, then they ask where I got them from because they want them too!
B008QY0MWS great golf shoe Fits true to size,  very comfortable and great looking. Has a solid grip,  even on a damp course.  It's the best golf shoe anywhere near this price range.
B008QY0MWS This shoe is fits properly as a size 11 but is narrow for medium width. This shoe is fits properly as a size 11 but is too narrow for medium width.  As a golf shoe, it works well.  The shoe has good cushion and grips well.  Maybe the shoe can be stretched with a device, because it has not stretched after wearing half dozen times playing golf.  If you consider this shoe, order a larger width than normal.
B008QY0MWS Good Shoe Not a Footjoy, but a stylish and quality shoe. Fits a little tight, but I'm certain they will stretch with wear. The spikes appear to lack the grip of Footjoy shoes; however, I haven't worn them on the course yet. I'm hopeful.
B008QY0MWS I like the shoe but it is sized wrong I like the shoe but it is sized wrong, did not come with a return label I do not know how to or who to return them.
B008QY0MWS Beautiful shoe Beautiful shoe! Fits tight at first but loosens up because of material. I would buy this shoe again no doubt.
B008QY0MWS Puma PG Clyde golf shoe As a long time golfer I've used many different brands of shoe.The full gamut, spiked to spikeless.Very expensive to cheap.And finally these win out for comfort,grip on the turf,ease of putting them on,and whatever else you can think of with a shoe.I do have a slightly wider than normal foot and was a little leery of purchasing the regular size 12.On the first fit it was perfect.I did read the other reviews prior to purchase,some good,some not so good. I hope they continue this line for I will gladly purchase them again.
B008QY0MWS great style and great fit This shoe fit perfectly for me and looks great. I love the smaller spikes evenly distributed and the design. I have not had the chance to wear them out on the course but they seem to grip well around the house and yard. For the price, this is a great shoe that seems like it will perform well while also looking good.
B008QY0MWS Nice Shoe It was a good fitting shoe and the price was great.  Glad I bought it.  One of my golf partners even commented on how good the style looked.
B008QY0MWS Puma Clyde golf shoe Purchased 1/2 size larger than street shoe; fits well.  Very comfortable after a limited break-in just wearing them around the house and yard.  Stable, provides enough grip and yet works well on regular flooring,
B008QY0MWS Good Value Wanted an inexpensive but comfortable golf shoe. Pretty good looking as well. This is the second pair I bought (white was previously purchased). Be sure to buy 1/2 size larger than shoe size. That was a good tip from previous reviewer.
B008QY0TJO so far so good Good looking shoe. . Haven't golfed with them yet but did try them on and they r very comfortable.  Go Puma.
B008QY0TJO Tux Lux Very nice golf shoe for the price. I feel that the sizes ran slightly larger than I expected, but not too bad. Haven't tried them on the course yet, but they feel good wearing them in the backyard.
B008QY0TJO great shoe Great shoe I've played 2 rounds of golf already in them and my feet have stayed dry and don't hurt
B008QY0TJO Five Stars Totally love these golf shoes! They feel good and look good, couldn't ask for a better shoe! Thanks!
B008QY1N9O Great Shoe!! Tried a similar pair on in the store to get correct sizing before purchase. Price online was significantly better than the same shoe in stores. Very pleased.
B008QY1N9O Not Bad, worth the money. Great Deal I typically wear a 12, they were a bit longer than expected. Good looking shoe, but wish I would have ordered 11.5 instead of a 12.
B008QY1N9O great shoe love them. thanks for the great golf shoes. They will work very well this year.  Love Puma's and the orange
B008QY1N9O Good looking, comfortable shoe Fit is true to size.  Very comfortable. Have not played a round yet, held great during a recent range session.
B008QY1N9O great shoe true to size, super comfy. no break-in needed. for the bucks, it should be illegal. style, eh. with all other advantages, who cares what it looks like.
B008QY1N9O Good shoe I read a review that these run a *little* long, so since I fluctuate between a 10.5 and 11 I went for the 10.5 and they fit perfect. Super comfortable shoe that I've used at the range a few times. Excited to take it out on the course because it's so nice. Highly recommend this shoe!
B008QY1N9O Great Buy Looks like a gtreat buy...Now we need spring!!So I can try them out... Comfortable fit, sized right good quality shoe.
B008QY1N9O It's worth it. Good price for quality shoe. Comfortable. Nice color, stands out.  Other golfers think I paid a lot of money for shoe
B008QY1N9O Awesome so far I'm a crappy golfer so I can't attest how this show compares to those that are 'super serious.' All I know is I had a pair of foot joys that needed to be replaced and I wanted a cool looking shoe so gave this one a try. Worn it now through about six full rounds of golf and it's been excellent.I was most concerned about ordering it online since my shoe size is right on the border between a 10.5 and and and 11. I went with the 10.5 and it first perfectly, so hopefully that can help others. (my foot typically seems to be on the wide side yet no issues there in the width either... I just purchased the standard width and it's fine.)Shoe looks great, fits well, and is comfortable plus it seems well made. Happy with the purchase.
B008QY1N9O Great shoe! I recently bought these Puma's so I can't say I know a whole lot about them yet. The stability is very good and the fit was right on. They are certainly a good looking shoe. I didn't have any foot fatigue or cramping late in the round like I was getting from my old shoes so that's a huge plus.
B008QY1X0S Great shoe Puma is always a great shoe! My husband loves them! They fit just like his tennis shoes. Golf is his favorite thing to do and he should feel comfortable and does!
B008QY1X0S Can't go wrong exactly what I wanted.  Fit is what I expected.  Always buy golf shoes 1/2 size larger.  Got this tip from golf pro years ago and have never had a size problem.Same shoe and color was worn by golf pro at the Masters and they really look sharp.  He had blue laces to match.Must be a good shoe if a pro wears them!!Price was better than at my local pro shop.
B008QY1X0S Nice shoe for wide feet Good fitting and sharp looking shoe for the money.  It's difficult to find shoes that look decent and can accommodate a moderately wide foot but these do just that.
B008QY1X0S Puma golf shoe This shoe is very comfortable. Soft and breathable. I feel like I can walk 36 holes with it comfortably. I love it, especially at the price.
B008QY1X0S Styling,good looking, comfortable shoe. Great shoe. Fits perfectly for my big feet. Good support on the course when playing and no slipping. Feet did not hurt at all during my round and after. Looks good and just ordered another pair in a different color.
B008QY1X0S Enjoy Puma golf shoe looks Good looking golf shoe. It seems to be cut full. They are a little larger than other size 9.
B008QY1X0S great shoe Shoes look great and feel great just a little bigger them all my other shoes because all the reviews said to order big.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes The shoe was a little big.  I'm normally a size 8 but had to go 7.5.  Overall, it looks good and felt comfortable, even though I didn't get a chance to test it out on the course.
B008QY1X0S Most comfortable shoe I own Indeed, this shoe may be the most comfortable shoe I have EVER owned. From the moment I put them on to the end of their first round of golf I played in them, I enjoyed having them on my feet. They provide a tremendous amount of traction and are very light. I'm optimistic they will hold up for many rounds, but their comfort & weight make me wonder how they could accomplish it all.
B008QY1X0S Great shoe These are the most comfortable shoe or golf shoe I own. Make a big differents  Would buy again just to ware off the corse
B008QY1X0S Very satisfied! Looking forward to taking them out on the course! This is a great looking golf shoe! Its very comfortable and lightweight!
B008QY1X0S Good shoe Fits good, looks good.  So far only used it a couple of outings.  The shoe was comfortable and gave great traction.  It stopped my back foot from sliding in my forward swing, compared to the older shoes I was wearing.
B008QY1X0S golf shoe Great shoe.  Husband has played golf for years these shoes were the most comfortable he has ever worn including foot joy
B008QY1X0S Unusual Sizing Shoe did not feel right when I put it on. Not a good thing with a golf shoe in my mind. My toes felt pinched especially on the right foot so I knew this size would not work for me. Am ordering a larger size and keeping my fingers crossed because otherwise, I liked the shoe
B008QY1X0S Perfect shoe! This shoe has exceeded my expectations.  It is an affordable, quality option for the casual golfer.  Definitely recommend and would buy again!
B008QY3N5Q Great shoe I hesitate at times buying shoes online but, I have been ordering shoes online for quite a while and I hate it when I don't get the size right. Even thought there is always the option to return them if they don't fit. But this my second pair of Puma's and I really like how this shoe fits.I recommend them highly.Happy Christmas
B008QY3N5Q Puma Golf First time wearing Puma and was pleasantly surprised! The shoe is light, very comfortable, and definitely a great shoe for the price.
B008QY3N5Q Nice Shoe I'm a beginner golfer, however I know that I have decent traction with this shoe. Plus the young lady at the pro golf shop digs em....!!  (chicks dig it!!)
B008QY3N5Q sorely needed golf shoe I wore these shoes right out of the box onto 18 holes of golf, and did not have any discomfort.  Great shoe for the price.
B008R9Y0V6 love love this shoe love love this shoe
B008R9Y0V6 very comfortable I ordered 1/2 size larger and add a shoe pad, it fits very well. Received many compliments and I'm searching for other colors...
B008R9Y0V6 Cute but has one flaw At first I thought a sneaker with a heel was completely ridiculous and stupid, as an athlete I see sneakers purely as serious work shoes to train in. These were surprisingly cute on, they look better than I expected and the quality of the leather is very nice. I bought them to try on only because there was a twenty percent off coupon and free shipping and returns, so if they didn't work out it wouldn't cost me anything. I got the gray violet because I didn't like the sharp contrast of the navy or orange with white, and the all white was too stark, like nurse's shoes. This color combination is perfect, it's very subtle. The wedge is a bit clunky and heavy since I never wear heels, I live in regular athletic shoes so these feel a bit odd to me. The main problem is that the shoe is designed with a smooth leather insole. Combined with the sharp angle of the wedge, every step sends your foot sliding forward and your toes slamming into the front of the shoe. I tried to fix this by tying the laces as tightly as possible, which helped, but I will need to put in a non-slip insole if I am going to keep them. I am still undecided because of this problem, I have to get some insoles and see how much it helps as no shoe is worth compromising the health of your feet. Also this shoe is definitely true to size, you can't size down. I know some people recommended sizing down but if you know your true size as I do, as measured on one of those foot measuring devices they have in athletic shoe stores, the length is definitely true to size. Had I sized down even a half size, they would have been unwearable even with no socks because my toes would have been touching the front of the toe box. I usually hate anything that looks even remotely girly but these somehow appeal to me, despite being way more feminine than any other shoe I own. I really like the fact that the wedge is hidden so it's not too obvious that you're wearing a heel, I kind of feel like an idiot in heeled sneakers. My husband and the guys at my gym absolutely hate wedges and platforms, they call them "ridiculous looking shoes" that make women walk like they're about to have a seizure. That's guys for you, ha! Hopefully he won't notice, though you could never wear these to work out in. I would have liked them much more and would have even been willing to pay more for them if they were a flat sneaker that you could actually train in, as I really do like the high top style and the color. Overall very cute but not too practical.Update: I just put some thin silicone forefoot pads in the shoes, and now my feet don't slide forward any more. It also made the ball-of-foot area more comfortable since I'm not a heel wearer. Now a definite keeper, especially for only eighty eight bucks!
B008RAGKBS Nice shoe Its a nice shoe and for the price I couldnt pass it up.I would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice cheap shoe.
B008RAGKBS Great shoe I love this shoe, it is very comfortable and fashionable. I love the puma brand and this follows my expectations.
B008RAGKBS Nice running shoe The shoe is a little tight,  but will probably lossen  up over time. It is a good shoe. Great looking. And nice for running.
B008RAHE8Q Very comfortable but..... These shoes fit great and were extremely comfortable. But only after a couple of days of hard wear, the right shoe must have gotten a hole in it. I say this bc the right shoe was not nearly as supportive as the left and the air cell squished down a lot.
B008RAZL0Y Every thing worked out very good The shoe was what I wanted and it go to me on good time. It looks great and feels great. I would recommend it.
B008RB3A1A The shoe is very narrow. The shoe itself has distinct design and does live up to the name. However I was wrong in placing the size 11 1/2. Should be 12.
B008RLY7NK disappointing This GOLF shoe is a total disappointment from Puma.  It is on the smallish size and wearing the shoe is theequivalent of putting you feet in walking hot boxes.  Needless to say Will think twice before purchasing any otherPuma golf shoes.
B008U5KUIO Love the shoe! First, let me say how much I love shopping with Amazon. I ordered the shoe on Friday and it arrived the following Monday. The shoe is so beautiful for my daughter who is three years old. Cant beat the price of under$25.00. It will go perfect with her outfit. I'm even thinking about purchasing another pair. Thanks Amazon.
B008VBZPTQ Perfection!!! Love love love this shoe. The colours are bright and the shoe is a perfect fit (11.5 D). Get complimentson it where ever I go. Highly recommended.
B008VQ01M2 Nice shoe Perfect.  Looks nice, and they are comfortable.  Bought half size bigger.Most Pumas are nice.I would recommed this product.
B008VQ14T6 Slim... Very slim shoe is the best I can describe it. I can only wear them with skinny jeans. Straight leg jeans swallow the shoes and looks ridiculous. Was looking for more of a casual shoe to wear at work on Fridays
B008VT3A54 Stylish Stylin shoe. I can't say whether wearing this shoe has helped me with the ladies because that's a long story but I love the look of these shoes and they seem to be holding up over a handful of indoor games. Laces are also great quality.
B008VUJBLA Great looking shoe This shoe is really more of a violet or purple color - which is what we wanted - but they call it blue. Sharp looking shoe and well made. We had to send the pair back because my grandson's feet had a growth spurt and by the time the shoes got here, he was into a size 3 instead. We exchanged them. The new pair in a size 3 fit very well and my grandson loves them.
B008VV0TJ2 PUMA H-MESH V SNEAKER (TODDLER/LITTLE KID/BIG KID), DARK DENIM/WHITE/DARK EVEN AFTER READING THE REVIEWS I STILL ORDER THIS SHOE FOR MY SON. BIG MISTAKE. CUTE SHOE, BUT DOES NOT HOLD UP VERY WELL. AFTER THE SECOND WEAR I STARTED TO SEE THE THREADING COMING APART AROUND THE TOE AS WELL AS AROUND THE STRAP. DISAPPOINTED IN PUMA, THIS IS NOT A WELL MADE SHOE.
B008VV0TJ2 Nice light shoe Great for summer as the shoe is very light and breathable. My son has a somewhat narrow foot, and only puma seems to fit him well. The only drawback is that this is not a shoe meant to last. Due to its light mesh, it tends to fray a bit and come apart. We are on our second pair for the summer. If you don't mind buying more then one, or your kids take it easy on their shoes I'd recommend.
B008VV0TJ2 Wonderful shoe. Shoes are awesome. My daughter loves the colors. They are so bright and eye catching. Plus she says they are very comfortable. She wears them every chance she can. Sizing of this shoe is spot on.
B008X04KR8 love it very nice substantial shoe bought a half size big as he is still growing love the shoe looks very masculine
B00903XD6Q Great shoe Very comfortable, fits just like the other shoes in the &#34;El Ace&#34; line. It is very comfortable, much moreso than other puma shoes I've had. Overall extremely happy
B0091TBAPA Good shoes! This design is I just wanted. I found simple and neat white shoe. This shoe is not white fully (they said this color is egret) but looks good as I wanted.I worried about the size before I receive it but this size is not small and this length is little long and width is appropriately fitted.Also, this is leather shoe so little big size will not be big concern, because the shoe's size will be extended.If you need some new white shoes I recommend this!
B0097YHQ16 love this shoe but a tad small when ordering puma go up a size 1/2 bigger I love the style and quality of this shoe I wear a 81/2 should have got a 9 because the 81/2 is a little to snug but would order again and will later only gonna go with 9 next time
B0097YHQ16 Nice casual shoe Really nice colours and style I think it does run a little tight I ordered my usual size and it fits but it's a little on the snug side hopefully they stretch!
B0098IBSTM Great shoe I was so happy when i got them ! I wish i could wear them everyday they so comfortable. Nice
B0098IBSTM Comfortable and slick-looking shoe To be clear, I ordered these for daily wear, not as running shoes, as a lot of people probably did. I like the style of the shoe--the black base with blue and yellow is a nice combination, and the white laces with black edges are a nice touch (it even comes with an extra set). As far as fit goes, I think they are spot on with my usual size and what I wear in the Puma Voltaics that I use as around-the-house slip-ons. I've used these several times to walk my dogs, and my feet have not gotten too hot or sweaty, but it's not full-on summer yet, so we'll see. One thing I did notice is that the heel is quite firm. It almost feels like it's pushing you to lean a bit more on your toes. I don't know if this is part of its running DNA, but it isn't uncomfortable just to walk or stand in them--it's just something I noticed. Overall, I am very happy with the shoe and hope they last a long time.
B0098IBSTM Nice looking shoe!! I was trying them on and the shoe was hard to get on, but once I got them on they were comfortable!  They do grip the ground firmly and they feel light.  Not a shoe to wear all day but a good running shoe.
B0098IBSTM Great Shoe! This is a excellent shoe. It is extremely light but at the same time durable. The stitching and craftsmanship is excellent. The shoes style is exactly as illustrated.
B0098IBSTM Puma Toori I personalty think pumas are the best running or casual shoe to own. These shoes fit just as they should and are comfortable from day one.Reasonably priced for a high class shoe.
B0098IBSTM they are perfect for me i really love this type of shoe design. Puma is my best choice of shoe. I will always like to shop with you once the delivery is perfect like the first one.
B009FD25EC Fun shoe I usually wear a 10 to 10.5 so the shoe was a bit tighter then I thought it would be.  But overall they fit And look great
B009FD25EC puma shoes found this shoe design very nice and unique.it is very light . for the price that i paid,it is a good buy.
B009FD2LM8 Very Comfortable / all around shoe This is my 3rd pair of voltaics in a row.  Love this model of Puma shoe from the look to the comfort.  I've not worn a lighter and more comfortable shoe.  Previous voltaics were fabric all around and thus got wet easy.  Not so with these.
B009FD2LM8 Need new pair To tight on my feet. Should try a half size larger. Felt like a fat lady in al bundy 's shoe store.
B009FD2LM8 Stylish and Great for Running As a size 12 with a fairly wide foot, these were a good call. Great workout shoe but it's got that Puma style. Considering buying a backup pair.
B009FD2LM8 Liked it, takes time to get used too...remember shoe looks way bigger in real life than the photos gave it 4 stars,beautiful sneakers got a lot of compliments from day one.visually stunning, very strong material.Cons: not a minimal shoe, if you have narrow feet and like less shoe material  like me? you would think this is not a good option, but after wearing it its extremely soft, I use only for walking. Its a little thigh so it will take time to break in, but remember if you use a half size bigger be prepared to have a shoe that looks huge on your feet.
B009FD2LM8 Good Running Shoe The inner lining of this shoe makes it hard to put on and take off so it doesnt work well as an everyday shoe.  But just to run in, it is really comfy and I havent had an issue with my feet hurting after.  I like the styling and fit.
B009FD2LM8 Better Pumas out there The shoe was too small. I should have ordered 1/2 size larger. Had to send them back. I did not re-order. The width is a normal fit. All in all, I wasn't too excited about this shoe.
B009FD2LM8 nice all around shoe This is the first pair of tennis shoes my husband has owned in years.  They are a nice, clean looking lined shoe.  He says they are comfy and really likes them.
B009FD2LM8 Very nice I ususally wear a 10 and I heard that Pumas run a little small so I gambled and ordered a 10.5.  The gamble paid off!  Very nice, very comfortable.  I am not using it as a running shoe yet but as for a daily shoe its good to go.
B009FD2LM8 heels slip out of shoe These shoes look great! Unfortunately, I couldn't keep them on my feet. Neither could my son who has similar size feet as mine.  It seems like the shoe isn't deep enough to keep your heel inside.
B009FD2LM8 Beware These are bulky for a puma shoe.  If you are looking for the sleek slim puma fir men, these are not it.
B009FD2LM8 Looks sharp, fits poorly I also ordered one size up per the other reviewers.  The problem isn't the heal to toe size.  I wear a 12, and ordered a 13. The shoe doesn't have a traditional &#34;tongue&#34; which I think is the problem.  It looks like it has a built in sock so to speak.  So it's a very narrow fit. The size up I ordered didn't help that.  Now the shoes are almost an inch too long from the tip of my toe. They look great, and I will wear them as a casual shoe since the price for this color was less than half retail when I ordered it.  But I will not be able to do any sort of exercise with them as I had hoped. And I assume the more I wear it, the more the sides will stretch out and make it more comfortable.TL;DR too narrow and shallow of a shoe. If you're in love with the style and the price is right, go ahead and order the size up. Just be forewarned.
B009FD2LM8 Tennis shoes that wear well! I purchased these for my grandson he seems to like this style of tennis shoe.  I like the way the Puma brand wears for my grandson..  In the past he wears through his shoes very quickly, so it is always nice  for a shoe that lasts longer.
B009FD2LM8 smallish The shoe lining is a bit snug, wish it had a regular shoe tongue.  other that that is a real comfy shoe
B009FD2LM8 Shoe Fitting Review I have a little bit wider foot and when I tried on a similar Puma shoe at the mall shoe store for sizing and feel, I thought they would be alright however the toe area is a more tight than the mesh style that I tried on. I am hoping with break in time they will form to foot for a better comfort.
B009FD2LM8 Good looking & comfortable Good shoe for distance walking and every day training.  I don't run, so I can't attest to its comfort for aggressive running.
B009FD2LM8 This shoe is nuts I wear a size 13 shoe. So when I ordered this shoe, I expected to be able to get my foot into it. WRONG! This shoe doesn't have a tongue. It's actually attached to the sides of the shoe so getting my foot into it wasn't happening.
B009FD3JJC Order 1/2 size up These Puma's run 1/2 size small. I wear an 11.5D is almost all men's shoe brands, and I found the 11.5 too small. It was narrow and my toes were smashing into the front. I exchanged them for a size 12 and they fit great. Yes they are a narrow shoe, but the suede is super soft and the sole is very flexible, so the shoe will sort of conform to your foot.These are super light weight and have a pretty thin sole. I would use them for anything significant, as they will wear out really fast. As the name says, these are definitely a &#34;fashion&#34; shoe. That said, I use them when working out at home, for some minimal foot support and they work great. I would not run in these, due to the thin sole (would wear out within weeks).For the price and style, they are a good purchase. Super comfy.
B009FDO3U6 My Toe-Topper Shoe! This is my bear essential, flamboyant orange, blue and white shoe to enjoy leasurely and at the same time express my righteous indignation towards the "Nassole Toe-Low County", NY corrupt police, DA and Courts. The shoe shows dare colors to demonstrate dare "Key-rime Fabric8n" everytime I exit or enter my pickup truk identified by foot symbolism inside and out. The Judge allowed the bogus case to continue at trial knowing full well that the Ly'n "foot touching the ground seated in" dare perverted detective's pickup truck sank the case. He told my attorney when he asked for a demonstration to the Jury: "Don't get too energetic Counseler, that could be dangerous."The other great thing about this shoe besides standing out flamboyantly, is it has no laces and still fits perfectly and is most comfortable.
B009FDPVRK Not like other Pumas that I have owned. The Shintai runner shoe looks pretty cool and is very light, but it is too small for my foot which has not been a problem with other Pumas that I have had. The shoe also just fells cheap when you wear it. I would recommend spending some extra money to get Puma Voltaic shoes ( which I love) or shoes of a different brand.
B009FDPVRK Great shoe Really like these shoes there light they fit nice around my foot if your looking for a good running shoe pick the shintai runner mp
B009FDPVRK If the shoe doesn't fit, no free Prime purchase return Despite ordering a half-size larger than my actual shoe size (based on reviews warning that the shoe fits &#34;too snug&#34;), the shoe is fitting too tight - and despite purchased with Amazon Prime, the seller - ShoeMall - is not paying for return shipping on the basis that the shoe is &#34;not materially different from advertised&#34; even though you must order the shoe a whole size larger than what your feet actually measure! This is false advertising - and although I purchased the shoe for $26, the same size and color shoe - even the next half-size bigger identical color scheme available of this model - both now costs $33 two days after I received the shoe! What  a scam!
B009FDPVRK Puma running shoes are great Very happy with the fit and especially the lightness of the shoe, expect to get a lot of miles out of them. Would recommend to anyone looking for an inexpensive but comfortable running shoe
B009FDPVRK Flimsy and not what I expect from Puma. I have purchased Puma shoes for almost all sports and activities and i can say this is the first disappointment.  The shoe is not just lightweight it is flimsy.  The back of both ankle cushions at the collar broke down just putting my foot in and never have returned to shape.  I can feel the heat and the texture of the ground through the ball of the shoe.  Not pleased with the product at all.
B009FDPVRK decent shoe for the money... A little snug. But, I like my running shoes that way. Get a size larger if you want a looser fit.
B009FDR416 Returned for a larger size. Usually, I wear a 9, but the 9.5 fit best. The return was quick, easy, and painless. The shoe is very comfortable.
B009FDR416 Puma The shoe is great, used it few time already don't feel no pain on my toe's. It's a very good product.
B009FE8QLM Nice shoe - ordered too large The shoe would have been great if i had ordered the correct size! stylish, and classic - great for the summer
B009FLJ68M Awesome Shoe I love the shoe. When ordering the shoe I had to go a size larger because the Puma's fit small. Great for walking. Comfortable and stylish.
B009FM3XO4 Great Looking Shoe Great looking shoe. A bit on the tight side but eventually will stretch since it's leather. I just love Puma!!!
B009FM4BCW As I remembered Shoe fit as expected and was like the photo.  Liked the &#34;half box&#34; packaging and re-usable bag. Very comfortable casual shoe
B009FM4GK4 old school pumas are great. i am a shoe nut, and these are the most comfortable run around shoe i have ever had!!! a must shoe, i am thinking about buying another pair.
B009FM64EK Great shoe! They look great! They are comfortable. I like that they are casual but can be worn for business causual as well.
B009FM64EK Great and Stylish Shoe I really like the shoe at initial glance and first impression was great when wearing. Curious about the durability though.....
B009FM64EK Love these Great shoe! Looks good, feels good, and I've already been complimented and I just got them the other day! Dope shoe guys.
B009FM6GKM Great shoe My son loves these shoes he calls them his loafers. He Says they are very comfortable. I made another great choice.
B009FMQXLE Great! I bought these on sale for about $20 and have been wearing them almost daily for about 5 months by now.  They hold up pretty well, and are easy to keep clean and looking nice.  The shoe is made from some kind of synthetic material that resembles a snow jacket I own; very smooth and very tolerant of water.  They fit a bit smaller than I expected, but after a week they loosened up and fit better.In my opinion, the rubber sole is the worst part about the shoe.  I don't know if it's the pattern on the bottom or just the rubber material, but it makes a &#34;sticking&#34; sound when walking on hard surfaces.  I've checked many times that there isn't any residue/gunk on the sole.  I've also noticed a few times that I don't have great traction on wet streets and sidewalks.  I haven't fallen or anything, but I have noticed my foot slide forward an inch or so a few times.Overall, I think I got an amazing deal on a quality shoe.  I almost wish I bought an extra set for when these eventually wear out.
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoe Great shoe from Puma. Fits comfortable and is very stylish depending on how you wear and dress them. Definitely recommend these for anyone looking for an affordable yet stylish shoe.
B009FMR6D8 shoe the shoe is good just other them a little to big not much, but other than that they are good i like the style, i will go for the other color next time.
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoe I purchased the shoe for my grandson. He loves it, exactly what he expected.I sure he would love to have another pair.
B009FMRLQU Amazing shoe This shoe is extremely light and by far lighter than I could have ever expected it to be. It fits well, is very comfortable and quite durable. Definitely would recommend this to active people.
B009FMRLQU Very light shoe! Shoe is very light.  bought it for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  Just your basic shoe, nothing fancy.  Still looks good and the canvas is holding up just fine a month later.
B009FMSK1A great shoe this shoe is really light weight  and great for the price, my husband loves it would definitely recommend it to other buyers
B009FMSK1A Puma rules! Very comfy shoe. Light and comfortable and the ladies dig them.  You should buy a pair and be cool like me.
B009FMSK1A PUMA Glyde Lite...an awe inspiring shoe! $21.98 w/ free shipping, being that they are PUMAs I knew this was a steal. This is an incredibly light shoe. Excellent for any strenuous activity or possibly prolonged standing. They resemble sk8er style shoes w/ quarter top ankle support, lightness & durability. Check them out you will be glad you did.
B009FN614C Comfortable wedge shoe These wedge sneakers are trendy and comfortable. The toes are a little snug but the shoe overall is true to size. I'm the coolest mom on the playground!
B009FN614C GOOD SHOE I like the shoe a lot.  The only negative is I think it is a little too bulky around the ankle and the sole is a little too firm.  Expected more of a tennis shoe feel.
B009FN614C My daughter LOVES these It's not only fun, it's a sturdy shoe from a reputable shoe company.Puma has, long ago, moved away from competing with the big players in competitive shoe ware (Nike & Adidas). And now makes a very wide range of fun, casual and practical shoes.Long live Puma!
B009FN614C great shoe for a reasonable price This shoe was everything I expected. Shipping was great, I received the shoes within two days. The shoes are authentic puma shoes and goes great with my fall wardrobe. The wedge is inside the shoes so its slightly seen. The price of the shoe wasn't bad, I've seen this shoe at my local marshalls for 40 bucks but not in the black and gray so it was worth the buy.
B009FN614C I'm in Love!! Hi consider myself to be a slave to a good shoe, especially pumps but when I found these I was in love. They are cute, fashionable and comfortable. The perfect fashion key to any wardrobe. I now have a comfortable shoe to where when I take my son out to basketball and sporting events, no more sore feet in heels in the wrong environment. If your looking for a cute and fashionable shoe I recommend these 100%!!!
B009FN614C SPRINGTIME! When I ordered tthe shoe I was unsure of colors, but once I received them and tried them on....LUV LUV...thanks !!
B009FN614C Cute Sneaker! The shoe itself is a very cute shoe! I think it runs a tad bite to small, but then again, maybe my feet got fat!
B009FN6IEK A favorite shoe love this shoe.  so comfortable and fits perfectly.  foot is so well cushioned.  wish it will last forever and would like to be able to get it in black.
B009FN6NRW Good Quality Shoe The shoe itself is of good quality, very light weight, vibrant colors, and has good support. I gave a four start rating only because I was unaware of the sizing for these shoes. They are a slender shoe which is uncomfortable for a person who has wide feet.
B009FN6NRW Perfect fit! The shoe fits awesome and is very comfortable! I also love the way it looks! Definitely glad that i made this purchase!
B009FNMVBY comfortable shoe This shoe is more comfortable than I thought. There is more padding than appears to be there. I bought a size large, after reading comments. I have a wide foot. I wish I had only gone up 1/2 size, but they will be great when it is hot.
B009FNMVBY Great shoe Very comfortable and a cute shoe. Loved it. Only issue was the size is one size too small I'm a 7.5 so I ordered an 8 to be safe and it's still a little snug.
B009FNMVBY Surprisingly Short. I run a pretty consistent 7 in flats, sometimes 7.5, so I went with 7.5.  The soles of this shoe were so much shorter than a normal 7.5, that the curved seam at the front was cutting into the bottoms of my toes, and my big toe was pushing out the leather at the very end.  I'm not sure what size to order to solve this problem, since shoes get wider as the size goes up, and this shoe fits perfectly except for the length.  I compared the soles to my other flats to make sure it wasn't the elastic just pushing my foot forward.  They were a good 1/2 inch short of my other 7 & 7.5's.  They're going back.
B009FNNFC8 The side of shoe is too short, it's making my foot crying :( The item is look just like picture shows, but when I tried on I knew it didn't fit my. The side of shoe is too short, it's hurtful and bend my foot....:(
B009FNNFC8 Cute shoe but not the most comfortable This shoe is cute. I usually wear an 8, and based on others' reviews about how this shoe fits, i ordered at 7.5, which fits very well. The shoe is mesh and fabric. The area near the heel where the checkered fabric becomes mesh is quite uncomfortable. There's a band where the fabric portion ends, and that digs into my foot.
B009G1CITK Nice looking shoe to wear with casual pants and jeans. I was a little disappointed that this sneaker did not have more arch support. However, it's a great LOOKING shoe and seems to wear well and looks really good with jeans or other types of casual pants.  It was a good buy for the price.
B009G1T35M Great looking shoe that won't be looking great on me. I was really looking forward to getting these shoes.  I love the way the lilac pops. Unfortunately, they felt a full size too small.  I have a wider foot and so order up a size to get the width.  These shoes felt fine in the width, but my toes went all the way to the end of the shoe instead of my usual extra room.  No way I could wear them.
B009G1T5YG The one I love Nice shoe and very comfortable, not hurt my feet and fit for running. I fall in love with Puma running's shoe.
B009G1T5YG Great shoe! Very comfortable, runs about a half size to big and a bit wider than normal pumas but that's perfect for me. I bought a second pair because I locked them so much!
B009G1T5YG Shoe's Hey, i buy this product, is a good shoe but i wrong choosing the size, and well is a nice shoe, that beuti.
B009G1T5YG Awesome shoe Awesome shoe. Great support. Thought they were going to be black and blue but they actually were light grey but didn't have time to return them
B009G1T5YG Love this shoe This shoe is so comfortable.  Color is exactly as pictured.  I get so many compliments.  Based on other reviews I ordered a half size up.  Usually wear an 8 but ordered 8 1/2.  When I tried them on they fit my wide foot.  I have a little room in the toe area but I compared the bottom of this shoe to an 8 in another brand and they were the same length.  Glad I got the 8 1/2.
B009G1T5YG tad disappointed I was very excited to have ordered these and even more so to receive them. The shoe fits somewhat snug on the heel and I am hoping just requires some breaking in. Overall great looking shoe though.
B009G1T5YG Size of shoe 7 is my original size but I like 7 1/2 for more room. The fit of the shoe is a little snug
B009G1T5YG Awesome Puma! This puma is one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. If your looking for a good supporting shoe, and great arch support, this is your shoe. Loved these shoes so much, I bought six pair in different colors.
B009G1T5YG Great shoe. Love these shoes. They are very light. They felt good as soon as I put them on. I would purchase them again.
B009G1T5YG Puma Bioweb running shoe the color is SO bright...I have to get used to it. Fit is very tight but I'm hoping that as I use them they will stretch. I think I prefer a shoe with more &#34;air&#34;. the bioweb is  close on the foot....my tootsies get hot.
B009G1T5YG Returned stiff and didn't fit well I had to return these.  The outside of the shoe is plastic like and stiff.  The length seemed ok, but the height of the shoe was strangely too tall so that when I walked in the shoe the sides would buckle up.  I think if I would have gone down a half-size it would have been too short.  The shoes are really cute, but just don't fit me well at all.
B009G1U2XE Great Shoe I loved this shoe as soon as I saw it online. True to size, it fit just like a glove. The color is awesome and the pink dots are an exciting addition to the shoe!
B009G1U2XE Bright, comfortable Shoe Great shoe, super comfortable. I bought a size bigger knowing they run small, if you have wide feet, this is not your shoe!
B009G1U2XE puma running shoes The right shoe fit perfectly i wear an 8 so i assumed an 8 and 1/2 would b perfect seeing how pumas tend to run a little small, however the left shoe really hurts my toes and gives me blisters rendering the shoes unwearable.
B009G1U2XE its a very comfortable shoe. I was looking something nice to exercise in. This shoe shows n caught my eyes n in line with my budget.  I went for it.
B009G1U2XE Great, cute workout shoes! This shoe is very comfortable, fits true to size, and is super cute in purple! The only issue I have experienced is the tongue sticks up a little and has rubbed the top of my ankle a little raw on my right foot. I think it is just from driving in the shoes. No biggie.
B009G1U2XE Happy customer Let me just say the color of he shoe was the same as in the picture...the shoes was very comfortable and true to size
B009G1U2XE very cute, a bit too snug I gave these shoes 4 stars because they are well constructed and I liked the color (pink/white). They look just as pictured.The description says that they are cross-trainers but the inside of the shoe says &#34;running&#34;. Little confused about that but such is life.The fit of the shoe is too small and they are a little stiff right when you put them on. Also, the tongue has a hard tab that hits your shin if you are doing anything other than standing around in them.I got a 9 because I have another pair of Pumas in that size and they fit perfectly. That said, it is a different style but it shouldn't be that different.I planned on using these for P90X3 but they are a bit too snug for all the required jumping around. I would return for the 9.5 but they aren't available in that size. I would keep them just for bumming around in but I really need cross trainers that do what I want them to do. I'm selling them to a friend with smaller feet!Advice: order at least a half size up if you are using these for workouts.
B009G1UD2E nice shoe love the look felt good just a little big exchanging for half size smaller i think this will be a good shoe
B009G1UD2E Great shoe for the money. Overall the shoe fit great, comfortable to both run and workout in the shoes.My only regret is that I didn't buy two pairs.
B009G1VXJG Great Shoe! This shoe fit true to size.  I bought these shoes for working in the field and they are great!  They are very comfortable and have good traction.
B009G1VXJG Nice shoe, fits narrow The shoe feels a bit tight on the foot. It is not as comfortable as other running shoes I have purchased at comparable prices. Colors are snazzy, looks good.
B009G1WZP2 Comfortable and Flexible I really like this shoe. Its a bit brighter than I expected in real life. Not a problem per say but I tend to not like to draw so much attention to my shoes at least by bright colours. But outside of that its really flexible and very comfortable and it was true to size. So i&#34;d say overall a very good shoe. ANd it was lighter than I expected too. so happy with my purchase.
B009G1WZP2 price Happy whit ma running shoe, but to expensive for the delivery and the custom fees, all that double the price of the shoe, very mad.
B009G1WZP2 Great shoe! A slip on shoe with great support! I'm not a serious runner but do fitness stuff and some running, and need a good shoe. These have great cushion and support. The other colors are also wowser, I wouldn't mind more than one! I need room in the toe box. I'm supposed to be an 8.5, but have been getting 9s for a long time and now I start with 9.5, so on that basis you could say these run a little small but so does everything these days.
B009GZS6OW Slim fit but still a great shoe. It is a slim fit so it was very snug to start with. I have no other complaints about the shoe and do get a lot of compliments on them.
B009GZS6OW Unreturnable within a day I usually wear 10.5 or 11 US shoe size, so I thought I would try the 10.5 and see how it fit.  After wearing it for a day, I could tell that my outside toes could use a little more space (the shoe is very pointed).  However, the logo on the inside of the shoe had already completely rubbed off on my sock, and I didn't feel the shoe could be resold if I returned it.The materials on the sole and the decorations are cheap.  The stitching on the rear tag came loose within a week, and the top layer of color on the sole has started to rub off within a month.
B009GZS6OW Nice shoe - runs half size small I got the white shoe w brown trim.  Great looking shoe but I had to return them b/c 10.5 US (my usual size) was too small.
B009GZS6OW Great price for a great shoe! I purchased the Burnt Olive/Dark Shadow/Whisper color/style shoe. The color looks nice. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe to both friend and foe alike.
B009JCNUFM Great shoe I love the shoe.  It has a great look that is different in any circle.  Only problem is that I ordered in a size 10.  So Puma's that I have in that size fits great.  But some run small as this shoe did.
B009KBNNVI A good shoe for the price The shoe is sturdy, but hard to put on my 6 year old which make mornings difficult, but he likes them because he thinks they're &#34;cool&#34;
B009KD9IEM LOVE Love this shoe on my boy!!
B009KRMGFQ A good shoe. These shoes are holding up to heavy play and are performing as expected. They were a gift for a child relative and she enjoys them.
B009KSDDUM Good shoe This is a super cute shoe and it fits very well also. I would not recommend it as an everyday shoe for a toddler though. Very thin sole that has little cushion.
B009KSDDUM Cute shoe Love the color and style of shoe. can't wait for my daughter to be wearing them. She will look stylish in them.
B009KSDDUM Great little shoe Our little girl loves this shoe. It still looks like new & we bought these at the start of school 2013. My little one is a tom boy as well. Very pleased!
B009KTLR6I VERY CUTE SHOE!!! I saw this online and found it was perfect for my very tall 5yr old. It fit him perfectly he wears size12 presently so I bought the 12.5. It looks so cute on his little feet. I'm glad I decided to order this shoe.
B009KTOEDG good quality These shoes are good quality and exactly what I was looking for in a shoe for school (inside shoe) Puma is a good brand and the price was reasonable
B009KUFSIK My son loved this shoe! My son had his heart set on this shoe.  It is very light weight but was durable.  The fit was true to size.
B009KVEDCG Cute and durable shoe Six year old Daughter loved the shoe. Very comfortable, holds up wear/tear and super stylish for a girls athletic shoe.
B009MNYG1U Comfort and style........ This Puma shoe is a great all around shoe. Many of the newer Puma styles I find far too narrow for my feet but the Roma style has always been just right and continues to be a durable comfortable sneaker. The color is as expected quite bright which makes it a bit difficult to match with what your wearing and the green for being this bright will most likely show the slightest bit of dirt BUT those being my only complaints. Ive never had a pair of pumas that didn't last, they are a sturdy comfortable shoe that are always in style no matter what....I love these shoes!!!!
B009MNYG1U great comfy super cool shoe. buy this shoe if you want to be cool and hang out with cool people. so thats it.
B009MNYG1U awesome shoe nice fit and cool look
B009MNYG1U Great Shoe Wanted an OKC Thunder colored shoe, and this was a great fit! Very comfy! Size was true to what was expected!
B009MNYG1U dissatisfied customer After 3 uses the tread of the shoe started peeling off and not as comfortable as people say. Not much of anything between foot and ground. I do not recommend shoe due to durability issues and lack of comfort. From now on I'm going to the store to buy my shoes. Completely dissatisfied
B009SCY9AI Great shoe Comfortable, super lightweight. Might not be the most rugged shoe out there - as some have suggested - but then maybe a suede running shoe ain't what you're looking for anyway.
B009SD2936 Good slip-on Nice shoe. Good look. The sole is a bit hard at first, but it breaks in pretty nicely. Like the rubber strap a lot. Good slip-on to have.
B009STI9NO great shoe light, comfortable and good lookin shoe. What more can you ask for, The price was right too. Im going to buy another pair
B009STI9NO Great looking shoe. I love the look of the shoe but probably not the most supportive for running. I use them mostly for casual use.
B009STI9NO Puma is always good. I needed a pair of running shoe and this are exactly that i need, good product, i am very grateful
B009STI9NO Great shoe for the price! Was looking for a white athletic shoe for everyday wear with a price that wouldn't break the bank. This one was affordable and stylish enough to catch my eye.
B009STI9NO Awesome shoe The picture does no justice for these shoes.. I was shocked how stylish they really were and how perfectly molded they were to my feet.... This shoe is way underrated and once you order them you will be astound, beautiful white true sneakers....Don't take my word for it... I just ordered 2 more pair.....
B009STI9NO Nice one.. I like that shoe. It is more comfortable and smooth.I will recommend this shoe to my friends and family
B009STI9NO great Comfortab le shoe s in  a re asonable pri ceThis my favourite sports wear com pany in my opinion
B009STNEF2 Blinging Shoe Bought this shoe as a surprise for my husband. He LOVED it and so does everyone that sees him in it!!!! Lots of compliments.
B009STNEF2 Nice shoe.....Runs Big I always get compliments on them.....but they Do run about a size too big.  I would order another pair maybe.
B009STNEF2 Kosher Nice shoe for the price only negative I have is the toe is a little pointy. Didn't really appear that way from the pics.
B009STNEF2 GREAT SHOE!!! I don't run but I do enjoy the comfort of a running shoe. My cousin had a pair of Puma similar to these and just raved about them. I bought these a month or so ago and they are really comfy. Also the cool color has vested several compliments.
B009STNEF2 Puma Men Cell Rating The Puma Men Cell running shoe was the best running shoe I've ever bought. The shoe is so comfortable that I found myself running longer now than before. One word to describe the shoe is AWESOME.
B009STNEF2 nice shoe but... you need to size up with Puma...the shoes are narrow but quality and comfort are a Puma standard. I LOVE THIS SHOE!!
B009STNEF2 nice fit Shoes are on the narrow side but fit good after they stretch a little. The only thing I don't like is the shoe makes a crease by the toes. Its pretty noticeable. Beyond that the shoe looks and feels great.
B009SU39K6 Nice Shoe, But Ripped Too Early Its a good running shoe, and me being an average runner, have little or no complaints as I think I lack discernment over what makes a great running shoe. Nothing hurts after my run, and it did train me to land midfoot or forefoot which I guess is what it was meant to do.However, the front upper irreparably ripped yesterday, after half a year of use. My average usage is 5-10km a week. That isn't a lot I think. The upper already started to rip after a few months but yesterday it blew a hole near the metatarsal. This is sad because the bottom EverTrack rubber had some miles left in it, and the foam was still soft, so for it to rip there is a let down.I really like the shoe. It looks and feels great. But I am not sure I wanna buy the Mobium Elite v2 because there has been little structural improvement to make me confident that this won't happen again. The only thing that they changed was the upper material and the design.
B009SU4IDI Runs small Great looking shoe, very comfortable, but definitely a smaller fit. Haven't seen this shoe made in anything larger than 41.
B009SUAWDI My all-time favorite Puma shoe! I love that this shoe feel &#34;solid,&#34; meaning that there is no cloth material, it's sturdy, and it feels like the shoes are giving my feel a nice big hug.  They are very supportive and I just love them.  Took me a long time to find the exact shoe I liked, but once I found them, I bought them in two different colors!!
B009SUAWDI Good Shoe I did not give it a full 5 star rating because my feet a wide and though the shoe would fit comfortable but after running in them for a while there is a little discomfort.
B009SUAWDI Love the colour combination, didn't realize the piece under the laces were attached to the shoe itself. It is a bit tight across the top of the shoe, but other than that it fits okay. Love the colours.
B009SVMOCO Good looking shoe but squeaks I have never seen this in any other shoe I have worn. The shoe seems to be made of good material but for some reason it squeaks with each step. I haven't been able to figure out the problem and have stopped wearing it unless I would be in a noisy environment.
B009SW91XS Error in this show This shoe is not my style because that strap is fixed and permanent. I was under the impression the strap is adjustable.
B009SW91XS no good I purchase a pair in black.but the material gets cracked very fast :/Also the strap is not adjustable and the shoe gets loose
B009XHPWAY This is my best shoe! This is my best shoe! Great shoe. I love this shoe. Althogh I lost it, I want to buy again.
B009XP4FXQ Nice look and breathable These are my everyday shoes.They have a great and simple design. The seamed stitching makes the transitions pop.The lining of the shoe is made of a mesh so its very breathable. Keeps my feet cool and dry. &#34;Would be ideal if you have sweaty or warm feet.&#34;The soles of the shoe have a nice grip from the rubber. So i am not sliding all over the sealed concrete floors at work.
B009ZNNN4I Three Stars one shoe is dirty.
B009ZRIJ0C Cool shoe This is a cool show at a great price. They were some what large. I'm hoping some insoles will help because this is a cool shoe at an excellent price.
B00A005X4S Too Cute and Comfy shoe Love love love the shoe fits well, and is comfortable.  the bos it comes in is also a bag for storage or traveling needs.  Goes well with leggings capri's and is super fun just to ear around the house.  I have received alot of compliments and where did i get those comments.
B00A008HR8 Stain on left shoe There's a yellow stain on the left shoe and I couldn't wash it off. These sneakers have a beautiful minty color and it's such a pity to have an obvious stain.
B00A008HR8 Love this shoe I love this shoe. It's comfortable, love the color and style. The wedge heel is not too big so it doesn't look like a heel. They are a little narrow, I'm usually a size 7.5, but I got an 8 for this shoe.
B00A008HR8 Great shoe with mid heel I always wanted heeled tennis shoes but they were always 4+ inch heels. This shoe was perfect. They fit pretty narrow and took advice from another reviewer and ordered a size up. The fit is perfect. I have really sensitive heels and there is no rubbing at all. Now I want one in every color.
B00A0HEKYK Great shoe! This shoe fits a little small, I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size up! Other than that, they worked out perfect for my daughter's indoor soccer season! We received several compliments!
B00A0HFKQW Nice Gym Shoe This is a well made, slim fitting shoe we purchased for our 'k' student.  Against our better judgement and advice, he was really set on a  yellow pair, which look very striking but unfortunately get very scruffy, very quickly. Also, the tongue of the shoe slides down when our young hero slides his foot in. He liked them so much, we took them to 'our' cobbler, who manufactured a nice loop for the laces to keep all in place. That had to lose 2 stars for what could have been a fantastic gym shoe.
B00AI1VTF6 Good spikeless golf shoe Except for the fact that the shoe squeaks every time I walk, it's a great shoe.  The toe box is roomy but the shoe still fits my narrow foot even though it's a medium width.  If it didn't squeak, I would have given it 5 stars.
B00AI1Z2G8 Wonderful Golf Shoe This is the most comfortable golf shoe ever.  If I had to do it over again, I would defiantly purchase this shoe again.
B00AI1Z2G8 stylish - fun, good shoe good shoe, seems waterproof to me, I like it -- get an orange shirt to go with it, looks sharp
B00AI1Z2G8 Great golf shoes Great shoe. Light weight comfortable and good grip. Glad I got these. Couldn't be happier. They also look really good
B00AI222Y2 Great golf shoe, crappy golf game By no means am I a good golfer so I went for these golf shoes because of the price. They were $40, good enough for me. I read other reviews saying they run big but I took a chance and purchased my normal Zoot running shoe size 12. These shoes fit great. I have played horribly in them twice and have loved wearing them. Can't blame the shoes for my terrible game on and off the course. But hey, I looked good searching for my ball.  The spikeless shoe has great grip, they are extremely light weight (similar to my running shoes) and they breath good. I live in Florida so shoes that breath good are a huge plus but then again, I am as cart rider with beer so I just cruise to the ball....hardly any walking involved. I will be buying more of these should I wear them out. Guess I gotta play more golf or maybe I should walk.....nah, more golf.
B00AI222Y2 Awesome shoe! I love this shoe, it is comfortable, stylish, feels and looks great!  I would recommend this show to my friends!!!!
B00AI222Y2 Big feet can have style also Even in a 13 wide this shoe is greatMost comfortable shoe I have ever worn playing golf great grip without tearing up the grassLite weight and flexible material but sturdyMake sure you get the exact size they are true to sizeBest quality of shoe for the price I have ever purchased
B00AI222Y2 Exactly the golf shoe I was looking for... Puma hit the nail on the head when it come to a light weight breathable golf shoe that still performs like a golf shoe...kudos
B00AOAQAJG Great casual shoe! The shoe looks as good out of the box as it does on the website.  I normally wear an 8 1/2 but ordered a half a size up as I normally do with Puma.  The 9's fit perfectly!  Very comfy, love the little wedge heel!
B00AOAQAJG Good looking shoe I like the shoe and the color is exactly as shown.  The length is true to size, but the shoe is a tad narrower than expected.  It will likely give once I wear them a while.
B00AOATXAO Very impressed The shoes fit good. Ordered from finish line but got only one shoe! Disappointing. Then found on amazon. Same price
B00AOBC4JA Comfy Shoe I am a fan of PUMA shoes.  Love the multi-colors of this ballet flat and would definitely recommend if you're looking for a comfortable sporty shoe.
B00AOCAP9A Light and an excellent shoe Love them and a great workout shoe and strength training shoe.  Would definitely recommend to my friends to wear always
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe Fits perfectly, super lightweight, internal support feels great.  I especially like the compact, thin tongue.  Love Puma's commitment to the environment.  The shoe bag box is a great idea.
B00AOCAP9A Light weight and flexible These are really comfortable and really pretty! They are very light and easy to move in. The tongue of the shoe is attached via straps to the inner sole creating a tight but comfortable fit. They are great for running or jogging due to the shape of shoe helping me to stay on the ball and heel of my foot. However, for multipurpose training, cross training, weight lifting, and cycling, I would choose a different shoe. The same trait that makes it good for running, makes it hard to maintain balance in step back lunges and kick moves. The pedals on spin bikes actually hurt my foot through the shoe because it is so flexible and light. I plan on getting some inserts to help support my balance and add cushion, hopefully that will resolve it. Overall, I really like them. They are comfy and cute.
B00AOCAP9A Superrr These shoes are really strange to me but in a good way. They are the lightest shoe I've ever owned. I guess I'm used to clunky, heavy athletic shoes. These are about the weight of a small flip flop sandal. They really are fuschia rather than pink, which I am happy about. When I first put them on, I thought they felt small. Then I realized it's just because there's not padding on the sides or top of the shoe that it feels different. They fit perfectly, and there is some padding on the sole of the shoe, but not much. I have not yet tried to yog in these shoes; I hope I don't get shin splints, like in my crappy kmart athletic shoes gave me previously. We'll see, I guess.
B00AOCCXJU Nice Shoe! I really like the look of the shoe. They're really good to do cross-training exercises in. The only thing negative I have to say is the heel of the shoe doesn't have a lot of padding and hurts my heel after I have wore them a while.
B00AOCDNJ4 I'm sure it's a great shoe, but it's false advertisement The shoe is very sturdy and feels great, but I actually bought it for aesthetics too - I thought it would look great in my dance class (where we turn off the lights sometimes).  However, to my disappointment, it doesn't at all illuminate.  I've take it into a room with no windows and turned off the lights and it's darker than my t shirt.  I'm assuming, it probably uses reflection, so I would have to probably walk in the dark in front of a car for the shoe to glow.  However, I don't intend to walk in front of a car at anypoint, especially at night....
B00AOCDUD8 A really great affordable shoe. I really like this shoe. I usually have issues with them squeezing my toes, but the toe box gives ample room and the heel fits nicely. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I like my first pair of Pumas. The only reason I don't give them five stars is that I don't give out five stars very easily. The product must be near perfect. The only thing I would change is to have a bit more arch support, however, I ran a 5k the first day I wore these and my feet felt great. I think I am just so used to wearing my Birkenstocks daily which completely hug your arch. Over-all a really great shoe. If you love purple then they are even better.
B00AOCE7IA Great dance shoe, not for everyday wear I really liked the look of these shoes so I bought them for everyday wear, but they are definitely not made for that. The sole of the shoe just isn't wide enough to be comfortable with all day wear, otherwise the shoe fits as expected and I do like them
B00AOCE7IA the coolest shoes ever!!! This is a perfect shoe for people who don't like a thick sole. I have the soliel also, but I love these. My brother in law said the colors were &#34;classy for a tennis shoe&#34;. My neighbor said they were &#34;sexy&#34;, she wants me see if I can order her some... I might just keep my secret.
B00AOCE7IA Shoe seems great but runs big Not sure if this is true of all dance shoes but it runs large compared to my running shoes.  I wear a 7.5 running shoe but the 7.5 PUMA was way too big, I 'm pretty sure that I would have to wear a 6.5 but could not exchange them because they were out of that size.  I was a little disappointed because I really liked the shoe and it seemed to be comfortable and well made.
B00AOD2OQ6 Really good shoe I was looking for a reasonably priced, everyday shoe, and this fit the billet perfectly. In my experience, Puma's generally run small, but they've always broken in just fine for me. Recommended.
B00AOD2OQ6 Good Quality and is holding up well. Purchased the shoe @ about $40. Usual Puma quality, very good. Fit is excellent for my foot, I run a little narrow.Use the Cabana as a gym shoe.
B00AOD2OQ6 Darn good shoe These shoes have just the right amount of cushion for me.  I gave 4/5 because no shoe is perfect but I do like them.  I believe these are a bit narrower then normal so if you do have widish feet be aware.  I find them quite comfy though
B00AOD2OQ6 Great value sneakers I wear a 9.5 in most nike shoes, I went half a size up to 10 with these.  If you notice the shape of the shoe, the sole is a little thinner than the body of this shoe, you can kind of notice it when you're walking, but it feels right.  The shoe is good looking and a great value for the money.  The laces are quality and it gets good grip in the snow.
B00AOD2OQ6 Excellent shoe, very comfortable This shoe is very comfortable. The fit was just what I expected. Clearly, it's not for running and jumping, this is a walking around shoe. It looks sporty but it's built for simply walking around and looking good. If you purchase it for that purpose you'll be pleased. The sole is very soft and quiet. It's like walking on a little cloud. So far they have been easy to keep clean but I imagine that white stripe will become a challenge later. It was en excellent purchase, I'm very happy.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great I have got the same shoe. They are soooo comfortable. .I wanted to get another pair. But couldn't find my size. ..
B00AOD2OQ6 Great Great looking shoe, fits great
B00AOD2OQ6 This show is a good one I am using this shoe for 3 months, that is so comfortable and I like it bla bla bla bla
B00AOD3AB4 minimalist running shoe I liked the color (bright pink). The size ran a bit large but I'm going to make do. I'll use it for short runs. The shoe is incredibly light.
B00AOD3U8W Satisfied Came quick nice shoe.
B00AOD8YMO Nice for the price. I liked this shoe for the look (yes, I bought the green). The only problem I had with it was the lack of support in the insole. Once those were replaced the shoe is very nice.
B00AOD8YMO Great shoe runs small in size Make sure you get a wider size than you normally wear or you will find these to tight. Great shoe looks fantastic but it is very narrow.
B00AOD8YMO Bright, Light, and Comfortable I like the brights coming out in men's wear and sure like these!  I've found that Puma has done me good in the past with nice light, comfortable shoes and styles with good cushion. These really stood out when I thumbed through looking at the many that were on the Amazon Sale. I read the reviews and the price was right so now I own these hummers!&#128512;I wear a 101/2med. or D in most all my shoes and my other Pumas are the same size so that's what these are and they fit fine! The toe area isn't tight and it doesn't feel narrow at all. Everything feels right so I see no need for anyone to make any size adjustments unless there is something else going on.  Order the size you wear in a running shoe, though I know Nike sometimes can throw me a curve in a lot of styles. I sold shoes years ago and that has helped me. I always make sure I have a near thumb width between the end of the shoe and the end of the longest toe of the longer foot.  I'm going to to keep these looking good and you can too, as well as all your athletic shoes.  The thing is, is no matter who has made my running shoes throughout the years, they have most always stood up to machine washing and have come out looking great and have held up the same!  The trick is mild soap and lots of towels with warm water then air dry with the laces and the tongue open wide and insole out. If you use too hot of water and a harsh soap, the glues in the shoes break down and can discolor the adhesives too.  If  you don't wash the shoe, dirt and body oils, sweat, etc..can do the same thing! That's why one has to wash the shoes!  It'll help with odor too! The towels scrub the shoe without beating them up. Honest! And, they'll be nice to the washer drum and balance!  Got that from the Maytag Repair Man!&#128516; The  white rim around the top part of the sole next to the colored part of the shoe glows in the dark some  along with some little parts here and there and there is a little reflection. There is more glow if you shine bright light on the shoes for a while before going out. The more light the more glow on certain areas. That's it! I thinks you'll be glad you got them!UPDATE I must of got no less than a dozen "Man, I like your shoes!" comments when I worn them to church on Easter Sunday!
B00AOD8YMO A cool shoe, but not as comfortable as a running shoe/ First time with a cross-trainer VS: regular running shoes from various makers. This one is less comfortable. rides up a bit on my ankleand the outside heel puts a bit of pressure on the front of my foot. But very cool color....that's the reason I ordered them.
B00AOD8YMO Love the shoe I bought a pair about a year ago at TJMaxx. The shoe runs small I bought these a size larger and they fit great!
B00AODTEZA Puma This shoe fits perfectly.  Very comfortable, has good support.  I love the coloring of yellow fading into black.  Good value.
B00AODTEZA Lots of compliments People always say &#34;cool shoes dude&#34; (some leave off the &#34;dude&#34;).  I picked the white/brilliant blue color.  Puma gear is very stylish and all the rage again, so I would recommend after wearing 10 times or so.If you are looking for a great running shoe, I'd say this isn't it.  If you are in to running, you need to check out Altra--the best shoe around in my opinion.  Altra shoes and their online running style / coaching are the best thing that has happened to me.If you are looking for a great looking shoe with a pretty good build to use at the gym or tooling around, I do like these Pumas.As for size, I ordered my normal 11's which nearly always work for me, and these feel a touch tight and small.  They seemed closer to 10 1/2's maybe.  If you're in between, move up the half size.
B00AODTEZA nice shoe Fit well.  Look good.  After first run, rubbed my Achilles a little raw, but that is normal break in issue. Seems to be good shoe. We'll see how they wear over time.
B00AODTEZA Be careful I'm a bigger guy (over 210 pounds), and I found that after a couple runs in this shoe that the plastic webbing in the back broke. The shoes now click when I run. Definitely not even an option for someone who does light jogging. I'm just going to breakdown and buy a nicer shoe.
B00AODTEZA I would not buy this shoe I will never buy Puma again. it is just a bad shoe. The shoe hurts your feet if you wear them more than 30 minutes. I will go back to buy 3 year old nike.
B00AODVKJI Awesome product I like everytjing about this shoe!! Just what I was looking for my daylly exercise can wait another day to wear them
B00AODVKJI Great looking shoe! Very comfortable and stable shoe.  The material makes the shoe easy to keep clean.  The only negative aspect is the back cushion is stiff and will take some time to loosen up.
B00AODVKJI Falls apart quickly This shoe looks great, and if you dont plan on ever wearing it for actual exercise, you picked a great shoe to look at.  Its stiff to run in and the webbing falls apart.  Quickly.  Don't buy this shoe.  I'll give it two stars because it does look good.
B00AODVKJI Haven't used much but just as pictured I haven't been able to use the shoe yet but it looks just like in the pictures.
B00AODVKJI The perfect Shoe This shoe is by far the most comfortable I have ever worn in my life. Its like walking on air. Get a 1/2 size higher than normal. The arch support is amazing. I walked in them all day didnt even realize I had shoes on . The comfort is uncanny .
B00AODVKJI Nice and snug Fit snug. A little short but room enough. Attractive shoe. Works well as a running shoe. Has lots of character.
B00AODW9HA Great shoe....horrible delivery Great shoe but the delivery man just left it outside for anyone to steal. For the extra money that I paid for 2 day shipping they didn't even require anyone to sign for the package. Thank God someone in my building grabbed it before anyone stole it.
B00AODW9HA Great running shoe Great running shoe for the money.  Should order another pair for backup.  The fit is just perfect.  Wish I had more time to run.
B00AODW9HA Shoe size I love this shoe, but it's a little too tight. I would recormend this shoe to everyone.I hope that you would get this shoe in a larger size, 12-1/2 or 13.Thanks for allowing me to shear.
B00AODW9HA The perfect fit - Puma Men's Tazon 5 Mesh Running Shoe With the level of comfort that this shoe provide, how can I return to anything of a lesser quality and standard?.
B00AODW9HA The best shoes ever! Everything is great! Excellent price, comfortable and fits perfectly... What more can you ask from a shoe?  I highly recommend these shoes...
B00AODW9HA Great Shoes Great Price This shoe looks and feels great. Listen to the other reviewers; you will need to buy a larger size than usual. I do not regret buying these shoes, they look amazing.
B00AODWHCC Great Shoe The fit was right on. Some shoes in my size are small, some feel big. These fir perfect and are very comfortable during intense training.
B00AOE059S Loved them! Very nice shoe, the shoe fit well and I wish I would have bought more colors of the same shoe.
B00AOE059S Very Comfortable Shoe I am having major spine surgery and was needing a slip on shoe that I could wear around the house and outside during my rehab. These Puma OSU3 shoes are fantastic, especially for the price.  They are made well, look good, and fit like a glove. I have a feeling this will now become my primary walking and all around shoe.
B00AOE059S this shoe rocks Great shoe and it's very  comfortable.I would recommended it to any one looking for Style and reliability when on the move.
B00AOE059S good shoe Good for a running shoe and easy to put on and also very comfortable I would reccomend this shoe to anyone looking for a running shoe
B00AOE059S Nice shoe I liked the shoe but it was just to small where I needed a wider size.  The size I need is not available.
B00AOE059S Great looking shoe, great price So far no problems with these shoes. I won't mind buying these shoes again. They look and feel great, fits great too.
B00AOE059S Puma has a great design Very nice and light shoe ideal for people working on their feet all day. First slip on shoe like this and I love it.
B00AOE059S Quality shoe Should have realized as I am on the upper end of 12 as I age that 12 would be tight in this shoe. Returned for 13. !3 fine.
B00AOE059S Great show I love these shoes.  Based on the reviews, I got then one size up they for perfectly. Very lightweight, flexible, comfortable shoe.  I use for walking.
B00AOE059S fit and comfort what a something like Nike running shoe and this shoe has everything I need. So far it is good for walking and running but don't know about long lasting( I bought it a week ago).
B00AOE059S Slip on shoe I will start by saying that this is a very narrow shoe especially in the toes... I bought it a size larger and it still narrows down so quickly in the toe it is borderline too short.  However the extra size seems to be enough room for my toes and I have noticed no discomfort from the shoe being too short.One of the main advantages for me is the ease of getting these shoes on and off.  I found myself wearing my sandals far too often and the fashion police took great offense when I started wearing them with socks.  It was a comfort and ease choice and I often found myself in sandals in situations where I was doing athletic things which can be a bit of an odd situation.  Now I no longer have to worry while they do take some effort to get on besides just stepping in them not having to bother with laces allows me to pull them on and hit the ground running.On to comfort these shoes have never been uncomfortable to me.  The main thing I would say about these shoes is I often don't notice them.  I can wear them all day and not notice that they are on my feet they don't pinch, they don't squeeze, they don't hurt my feet.  Just a nice solid shoe.
B00AOE059S Great Shoe! Just what I needed for the gym Comfortable shoe and great for the gym. I have always be a fan of puma and this was a fantastic buy.Some shoes I am a size 12 and others I am a 11.5 and I brought the size 12 and they fit nice and snug.
B00AOMUBGC Tight Good shoe, but runs very small! Always get a half size bigger when ordering this shoe. Great look on the bright side!
B00AOMV7YW Great looking shoe with good fit and style very comfortable. Great styling, Goes great as a shoe I wear with business casual work clothes or when going out on the town
B00AOMV7YW Manufacturer issue, otherwise great shoe Amazon delivered on time as usual and the shoes came out of the box looking great, until I noticed a pretty rough looking tear and scuff mark in the leather on the lateral side of the right shoe. This had nothing to do with Amazon's packaging because the shoe box had no sign of wear or damage, so the tear and scuff mark must have come from the manufacturer. Thankfully the shoes had free return/replacement, so I should be getting a new pair in within a few days. If the new pair looks as they should, I'll definitely be coming back to update the review to 5 stars.A bit of a warning though that this shoe is quite thin in terms of width, so a person with wider than average feet will have major issues fitting into these.Edit: Just received my replacement pair, and unfortunately they are in similar condition to the last. The replacement pair has a very small divot in the leather on the medial side of the left shoe, and a tiny mark on the top of the same shoe that seems as if the leather may have been repainted to cover up an imperfection. Also on the medial side of the right shoe, there are 2 small stretch marks where the leather was not securely tightened. It may sound like this pair is actually somewhat worse than the original, but I personally don't feel like replacing them again and at least the imperfections are on the medial side of the shoe so most people won't notice. Puma usually makes a great pair of shoes and I'm surprised by the lack of manufacturing quality considering this model is supported by Ferrari, but other than the few flaws these shoes are very stylish and comfortable to wear.
B00AOMV7YW Great shoe Bought this shoe for my husband for Christmas , he has the yellow  and the red so thought I should buy him the black which he loves
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Men's The look of the shoe is as advertised and looks well.  However, the shoe fits a little small.  I would like to get the size 11 to fit me like the 10.5 usually fits me.Can I exchange these for the next higher size?
B00AOMYC2Q Looks good, feels good, it's pretty good. Make sure you buy half a size larger than your regular shoe size. I wear size 9 and this shoe is 9.5 and it fits my foot perfectly.
B00AOMYC2Q Dr. Shoes This shoe is the most comfortable shoe in the world and it has style plus it's good for running and soccer.
B00AOMZH1Q Puma Shoe did not fit well and it was to clumsy. Did fit smaller then 10.5, shoe was not strong enough look to soft where the material will bend to easily.
B00AOMZH1Q Puma ultralight The shoe was too narrow fory feet, otherwise the shoe is great, apready bought another for nephew last weekend thanks
B00AOMZH1Q Too small!! I normally wear a 10.5 shoe. I had to go up to 11.5 and it still is too tight. Also, the shoe is better suited for the younger crowd (I am 52 yrs old).  It is very bright red, and looks like it would not last very long. I would not recommend.
B00AOMZH1Q Way Too small The fit was too tight. So much so the shoe actually crinkled and deformed around the ankle. When you order a size 14 you'd think they would know they were dealing with a large man and beef up the shoe.
B00AOMZH1Q The shoe is same as shown when was on portal. Fitting is also good The shoe is same as shown when was on portal. Fitting is also good. Look is also good. Thanks you
B00AONVA52 Loving the lightness! I loved this shoe. Wish I had ordered one size extra though.Apart from that, love the lightness. I feel quicker too :)
B00AONVA52 Very good shoe. I like it and a very good shoe. It feels like thin leather and very soft to the touch. Like easy to damage. Only bad thing!
B00AONVA52 Good Looking Love the look of this shoe! Very sleek styling & light weight with a comfortable fit.  A shoehorn makes it easier to get into the shoe, though.
B00AONVA52 size shoe is made very well, good quality..I purchased a similar pair and I had to get  one  size larger than my regular shoes. really liked the shoes, my advise is purchase one size larger than your true shoe size, also when I received a pair of shoes similar to these as a gift, I ran into a problem. The shoe had laces off to the side, not centered with shoe. I wore them only one time and the next day when I was putting them on, one eye loop tore. I contacted PUMA and they stated I need receipt, when and where purchased. I contacted the person who gave them as a gift and they did not save receipt, due to that I saved the shoe to wear on my vacation which were months away. It has been over a year ago, and I still have the shoes in the box sitting in my closet. Be very cautious about purchasing PUMA shoes with eye loops, if so make sure you save receipt.
B00AONVA52 Yes, buy large These fit me as expected...but only cause I read all the reviews and bought larger. Very slim shoe, zero support, lightest shoe you may ever wear!Honestly...wearing these makes me feel like I am wearing leather socks with rubber soles. The whole rubber sole flexes everywhere. This is not a shoe that I would recommend for anybody walking long distances or work on cold concrete every day...but these are perfect for what they are...a designer shoe...not to be mistaken as an athletic shoe.I don't tie my shoes, and I am not a fan of large bulky shoes...these shoes stay tight with no ties and are definitely NOT bulky! They really make a perfect driving shoe as well.
B00AONVA52 Good Product! Nice Product and is a solid shoe with good performance for daily wear! When I did get it, it had a few stains on the shoe which are not removable but did not bother me to much, but overall product is good!
B00AONVA52 Fills an important niche I love this shoe.  I call them my &#34;house shoes&#34; but I find myself more and more making grocery runs and doing other weekend errands in these shoes.  My cotton sole kung fu shoes are now used strictly for the indoors and the Pumas are for indoor and light outdoor use.  These are excellent for driving, very light from gas to brake and on and off the clutch pedal.  While driving, the super low heel lets the foot move around very confidently and quickly with no fear that you would have with a big wedge running shoe heel getting all hung up on the floor mat.  I wear these shoes barefoot and it is nice to be able to easily kick them on and off to let the feet breath.  I wear a 10.5 in just about every shoe, but after reading the reviews on Amazon, I went up half a size and ordered these in size 11 and I'm glad I did, they fit perfectly.  I would definitely recommend these shoes for driving, martial arts, house slippers or any activity that requires a minimalist shoe.  The pros are that they are super light, have the right amount of grip, not too much, not too little, they slip on easily, don't slip off accidentally and they look to be well made.  The cons are that its strengths can also be seen as weaknesses if your philosophy of use requires a shoe with loads of lateral support, cushioning and an arch support.  If you are overweight, I would recommend a shoe with more cushioning and support than the Redon Move.
B00AONVA52 I like it but I hate it Awesome shoe overall, slick look and easy to put on.  But its pinchy near the toes even though its my size and everywhere else fits fine.  I can't see too much activity in these shoes.
B00AONVA52 Nice light tennis shoe I ordered these for my husband who is retired and wears them in the house, mornings and evenings.  He has a narrow foot so they fit OK though I ordered a half size larger as some reviewers recommended.  He is quite happy with them and I'm sure he'll enjoy them for a long time.  They are not a heavy duty tennis shoe, he likes the slip on style, he actually uses them more like a sturdy slipper.
B00AONVA52 Shoe runs a little small Nice shoe. I normally wear a size 8-1/2 but after reading reviews about the shoe running small I ordered a 9.  Still a very snug fit. I would be concerned that another 1/2 size larger would be too big. So hopefully they break in perfect.
B00AONVA52 A nice shoe It's a slip on shoe.  It's pretty comfortable.  It may take a couple of days to break them in but it's a good shoe.
B00AONVA52 Good shoe but not for athletics This shoe is very svelte, and as per many PUMAs, check your size as I wear an 8 in adidas, but 8.5 in PUMA.This is really just a walking around shoe and should not be considered for athletics. The sole and upper are very thin, and while it looks great, does not provide a lot of support.I wear these with jeans and casual dress pants, and have gotten a lot of compliments on them. Be aware that you will need to use your fingers or a shoe horn, as these are tight enough that they cannot be simply stepped into, as some slip-on shoes can.
B00AONVA52 as expected I've bought puma before so I knew to add one size min.Super light weight shoe, makes a good driving shoe, nothing too athletic.Material a little plastic, but overall not bad.
B00AONVKKM Looks great with jeans! This shoe runs true to size with a normal width. Very comfortable shoe with exceptional quality. I would definitely recommend this shoe. I am a shoe collector and this is a favorite.
B00AONVVMO Size Up I'm familiar w/ Puma shoes in this style so I know to order large for a good fit.  I normally wear 9.5-10 but in this shoe I ordered a 10.5 and it fits good.  Otherwise good shoe.
B00AONVVMO great shoe Son really likes this shoe. Its a nice fit and looks great.. Going to buy more in other colors. Thanks
B00AONW5CO Great driving shoe, just order at least one size higher than you wear. Good driving shoe.  Light weight and comfortable.  I found an 11.5 fit vs. my usual shoe of a 10 Wide.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe I use these shoes for practicing martial arts (Bagua, Cha Quan, and Chang Quan mostly) and they are awesome. I can turn easily on almost any surface but have great traction. The sole is soft enough that using them when sparring isn't a problem and they are really comfortable. The only reason it's not a 5 star in my mind is the sole of the shoe is a little bit small on the outside and inside edges of the foot, which can make balancing on one leg just slightly harder if I shift weight at all. If you aren't using this shoe for those sorts of position, you'll never notice. I know a lot of people are saying these are small shoes, and admittedly they are somewhat narrow, but the length is fine.
B00AONW9JS Pefect light weight shoe good for cheer leading We need a shoe for cheer leading that was light weight and durable. Puma has come through with this stylish leather shoe that weighs in at 8.3 oz. Compare that to most shoes weight of 2-3 pounds and it is easy to see why doing flips, jumps and stunts is easier in this perfect cheer shoe. Although there was some anxiety about sizing and ordering shoes online, there was no need to worry. This puma fits perfectly after ordering our normal size.
B00AONW9JS great shoe love the fit and the feeling of this shoe its like not having nothing on your feet at all. i would buy a few more pairs if i could.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe-Really short. The shoe looks great...just runs EXTREMELY small! I ordered a 9 1/2 but had to return them for a 10 1/2. I normally wear a 9 but read the reviews so I went a half size larger. That did not work. I did have to pay for the returns since Amazon Prime does not cover that since it is shipped directly from ShoeMall....mmmmm maybe Amazon should work on that??
B00AONW9JS Great Shoe I put that they fit somewhat small.  But they fit true to size for puma.  But i normally wear a 10.5 but in all Pumas i wear 11.  Anyway, i pretty much exclusively wear Drift Cats, probably have 10-15 pairs total.  This recent iteration isn't my favorite as far as looks.  But the shoe is still pretty much the same ol drift cat since the first.
B00AONW9JS unhappy with sizing That is not a 9.5 shoe. I wear a 9 and this is not a 9.5. I'm not HS happy
B00AONW9JS The picture is deceptive The shoe has a nice style, and is very clean looking. But the picture is deceptive, it makes the shoe look larger then it really is. This is a very slim, narrow shoe. The sole of the show is thinner then my foot is. I can feel my foot expanding over the sole when I wear the shoe it due to the narrowness of the shoe itself. Its a good shoe, well put together and I like the style, but unfortunately it's not one I can wear very often.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe, too small. I love the shoe but even though I ordered half a size bigger because of the other reviews it's still a little too tight. It's still wearable and hopefully they will adjust to my feet after some use.
B00AONW9JS Good Looking shoe with a nice fit This shoe is good looking and fits well.It does run a little small and I ordered a half size larger than I usually wear and it fit great.Very comfortable even after wearing for a full day...
B00AONW9JS good value Some what tight on the toes but still a comfortable shoe.  Very light and you barely know there on on
B00AONW9JS Sleek and Light These shoes are great quality and comfortable. I read a lot of reviews saying that the shoes are narrow and that you should buy the shoes either a 1/2 or full sizer larger than what you normally wear. I bought one a 1/2 size larger and although at first it seemed tight, after wearing it out and about for a few days the shoes became quite comfortable.In terms of construction, the outside is a sturdy leather that I think will really help these shoes last long. The only thing I didn't really like was the sole of the shoe. It is extremely thin, which, although it allows the shoe to be really light, it also makes the shoe more easy to be worn down. Other than that, however, I really love these shoes!
B00AONW9JS Nice shoe,good price... The shoes look great , comfy but little tight...I will get a size bigger next time.Great packaging and super fast shipping
B00AONW9JS Nice shoe I really enjoy the look and feel of this shoe .I would recommend it to my friends any day. Thank you PUMA.
B00AONWIC6 My Older One's Are Better Quality I've had Drift Cat's in the past and I liked them - even though I always have to order a larger size. This model was no exception... a half size smaller than most brands.But the sizing isn't why I returned them. The side &#34;swish&#34; looks like very cheap material and the stitching, well, let's say I can't image these holding together, particularly since they fit snug.$70 shoe? No and while I only paid $35, I didn't think they were worth that either. :(
B00AONWIC6 A decent replacement for an old favorite For years and years, I've worn the Repli Cat line of Pumas. As an avid driving enthusiast, they are just about the best shoes I could find locally and I just got used to them.Well...Puma has discontinued that line, much to my dismay. But these are extremely similar, and while I still preferred the repli cats, these make do.They are great for driving, they are thin and flexible and offer a great deal of feedback through the pedal. The skinny profile also makes for a great heel-toe shoe. They are also nice and light, which helps a lot.As far as walking around, yes...I have always used these as my daily-driver. Would I recommend them? Well I guess that depends. The style is really hip, I love narrow profile shoes and there aren't many great choices out there that fit that bill. As far as comfort, they aren't BAD, but at the same time they are definitely not GREAT. I wouldn't suggest these if you are sensitive and need a nice supportive shoe, or if you are on your feet a lot for work or something. They also don't defend your foot at all since they are so thin (way less than a standard tennis shoe), so they aren't great for say a concert (I've lost a couple toe-nails to that).All in all, I'd recommend this shoe mostly to drivers, or people looking for this fashion. I'd recommend rethinking the purchase however if you spend a great deal of time on your feet.
B00AONWP6U Upgrade Your Style Sleek, very sharp and noticeable.  I have yet to see this shoe on anyone else.  Complemented and conversation starter.  I was surprised how many men had an interest in sneakers.  I didn't share my secret with these Puma's.  The laces sit to the left of center and offer a unique perspective to the wearer and those who view.  The material is thin and shoe itself is not very sturdy.  These shoes are for casual stepping out and not any sports activities where you will need stronger shoe.  Very satisfied with purchase.
B00AONWP6U Sizing is way off I loved the look of this shoe, sadly however I could barely get my toes into the shoe. I'm a true size 9 but these if I could guess the size were a 7. Very disappointing
B00AONWP6U Cool shoe, but very, very small for size I typically wear a 14, but in this shoe, I can't even get my foot into the shoe.  Style seems nice, but I can't begin to qualify the comfort since I can't even put them on.
B00AONWP6U good shoe. runs small. liked the shoe. very light and the offset laces are a good idea. just want to let everyone know that these run very similar to nikes in sizing, so order 1/2 size bigger.
B00AONWP6U Good Shoe I'm a walker and size 12D and I usually buy a 13D athletic shoe which typically allows for foot expansion. I bought the 12Ds because 13Ds weren't available. These Puma's are tight for a 12d and I can't wear them with socks, but barefoot they're not too bad. My toes ride right up against the toe of the shoe and after awhile they start to chafe. I'd recommend ordering at least a half size larger than you normally wear. Good looking shoe, I've had lots of compliments.
B00AONWP6U Great looking shoe This shoe is not only comfortable, but looks very sleek. The shoe does run 1/2 size small and is narrow. I read previous reviews and ordered 1/2 size larger than normal and the shoe fits perfect. If you have a wide foot, you probably don't want these. I personally loved the shoe so much, I got 2 additional pair in different colors.
B00AOOH730 same shoe as when I had them 40 years ago great sneakergreat seller
B00AOOH730 First Puma shoe Nice looking shoe, well made and worth the price. Great shipping service- on time.
B00AOOH730 nice shoe Bought for my son. He loves the look. Length seems right on. This shoe would not be called wide at all. Only time will tell of they will stand up to a 10 year old. Not a great price, but ok(45).
B00AOOH730 Great shoe for the price. Great comfortable casual shoe.  So happy with them I bought another pair to stick in the closet until these ones wear out. I probably wouldn't play sports in them, but they are a great walking around shoe.
B00AOOK2OG then they fit fine.. nice shoe Order a whole size up..then they fit fine..nice shoe tho
B00AOOYHMY Compfort and durable. Nice grip/treds. Received replacement right away. The first time i got the shoe, I soon got a split in it somehow while walking. Once I received a speedy replacement, that shoe has held up to activities such as running, jumping, walking...and even a fight or two.  Still looks brand new. Creates great imprints on the face of your opponents. :)
B00AOOYMRO Puma Life Great shoes to style out. Go out for parties and rage with my bros. The shoe choice of Meek Mill
B00AOOZ1OC . Cool shoe but they were too big for my son who is in track. They didn't have a smaller size available.
B00AOOZP3Y Great shoe This shoe fits very comfortably and also looks stylish. I've gotten many compliments while wearing the shoe and they are great to walk in as well
B00AOOZP3Y great price for a great shoe looks great, feels great, says PUMA. what more could you want out of a shoe? the white suede is more of an off-white though
B00AOQ75LM Eye-Catcher The colors on this shoe are bold and stand out. The shoe runs 1/2 size small and is a bit narrow. Size-Up if ordering this shoe. The comfort is good, although it doesn't have a lot of support. Great shoe for casual wear. I would recommend this product.
B00AOQ75LM Great shoe They came quite quickly (which of course is always awesome) they're very very light, look fantastic and fit real well. I mistakenly ordered my Puma Liga shoes a year ago in a size too big (everyone was suggesting to) and for a good year, they slowly began to hurt. Decided to order these in my normal shoe size and they fit real nice and snug. Hopefully when I can play some futsal/indoor, I'll get to REALLY see how these bad boys do.
B00AORB3DW Great looking shoe! Fit as expected and they look great - very happy with styling and quality of shoe from the appearance.  Haven't been worn yet so can't speak to that.
B00AORB3DW shoe fits snug I purchased a size smaller than I wear in a regular shoe, and it is very snug, which is what you want for a soccer cleat. If you wear two pairs of socks, I'd go 1/2 size smaller, but I wear one pair so I went down a full size. It is very tight at first, but relaxes after about 20 minutes of wear.Great looking shoe and I run very well in them.
B00AORBTZY Ok shoe. Nice shoe! They do run small as other reviews stated. I'm glad I went 1/2 size up from my usual. The sole is very thin. Feels like my foot hangs over the sides. Hopefully they hold up
B00AORC57U Comfort and cool love this shoe and easy for getting around.
B00AORD1GO Bright, Bold Jeans Shoe Love the color; great casual shoe to wear with jeans. A bit snug for my wide-ish feet, but since they are soccer shoes, that's to be expected.
B00AWVS6QM Shoe is very narrow The shoe looks great.  This shoe was supposed to be 8.5 M.  I did not expect it to be so narrow.  I can not wear this shoe so I sent it back and received a prompt refund.
B00AY6107M Really Love this Shoe I love this shoe. I wish they came in size 15, but I'm able to fit into a 14 and still be comfortable. I only wear this for style purposes, but if the shoe was a bit larger I could see myself owning a few to run around it.
B00AY65V1I Loved it As the comments indicate, the shoe it is something tight, then everyone bought more medium size because my feet are wide, and then wedged perfectly.
B00AY65V1I adequate shoe Not the greatest show ive ever owned.  They fit smaller than I would expect which made them uncomfortable during crossfit.  They aren't great running shoes (for me) but they were excellent for box jumps and lifting because they aren't &#34;cushiony&#34;.
B00AY65V1I Good shoe I bought this shoe during the thanksgiving shopping deals. It looks good but It was small for me. I recommend these for those who want some good looking running shoes.
B00AY6NZDE Perfect shoe the great thing about these shoes is that they are not easily creased. the material they are made out of is easy to clean and keep in good shape.
B00B1E4QSQ Runs small I like the look of these shoes (though I wouldn't mind if the side panels were less shiny), and the general feel of the shoe is lightweight and very comfortable. But they don't fit. I most often wear a 6, sometimes 6.5, and I ordered these in a 6.5; my big toe is pressed up against the toe of the shoe. It's not uncomfortable standing in them, but it's too tight for an athletic shoe in which I'll be going up and down hills and constantly moving around. Will try to exchange for a 7.
B00B1E4QSQ A little Underwhelmed I bought this shoe for a new work out regimen with hopes that it would have good grip since it was a cross training shoe.  I was disappointed with the performance of this shoe.  The grip was non-existence and made my work out even more difficult.  I also noticed knee pain I had not experienced previously with other shoes.  The fit is good and it looks great on but the actual performance of this shoe as a cross training shoe was lacking.
B00B1E4QSQ Nice shoe, but I should have ordered bigger. Very nice shoe. . . for my daughter who wears a 10 not for me at an 11. They are a tiny bit loose, but thick socks made the fit well enough. I am still looking for a good light well fitting shoe for walking/running.
B00B1E5NU6 Cool looking shoe. I'm a big fan of pumas, so I was pretty happy with how these look and feel.Note 1: Puma's run small, I usually wear an 11.5, but with Puma, a 12 is more comfortable.Note 2: My pair came with a smug of some kind of gunk on the right shoe's tongue.  Will contact the seller about this to either get them replaced or a refund.
B00B1E5NU6 Acceptable They fit great, the only issues I have are that the black on the right shoe came scratched and the shoe laces are extremely small. If you can to lave the shoe all the way to the top you would need to buy a bigger shoe lace. Besides that they are very comfortable, but do not do good in snow at all.
B00B1E5NU6 Great Shoe! Bought this for my son. He loves them! great looking and comfortable. True to size Bought them because I thought they could extend the life of his jeans. As he grows taller, he wears his jeans tucked inside shoe. No one knows his jeans are becoming floods.
B00B4S2QUE Good Gorgeous gorgeous, I bought this shoe is nice for my sister, it's beautiful and is happy with this shoe, thanks
B00B4S5TRG Love the shoe! Very happy. Fit perfect and such a pretty shoe!Nice and lightweight also. Get lots of compliments on them!Fast delivery,too!
B00B4S5TRG fast and pretty these shoes are very comfortable, they shipped fast, I am not even a tennis shoe wear-er (if that's a word) but, I love the shoe!
B00B4S5TRG Not your average Puma I just received this shoe yesterday. This is one of the new Puma "eco lite" suede products that claim the shoe is extra light. Well, it is. It barely weighs anything. However, when I first opened the package, I really gave the shoe a good once-over because it is a cheaply made shoe. I was convinced that it wasn't truly a Puma product - usually well-made! The look of the shoe is awesome though. I got a high-five from my son and I can't wait to wear them. You can never really go wrong with Puma but just know that when you get this shoe it won't feel or act like a regular Puma suede.
B00B4ZZWJE Great shoe for indoor soccer My son LOVES these shoes. They're fun (PUMA) is written in big letters on the inside part of the shoe in the bright neon lime-yellow. They fit well (I ordered a 1/2 size larger than he normally wears since he's 7, there's a tiny bit of room to grow). He says they are very comfortable.
B00B500BLW Good shoe Good shoe for the money. My 8 year old loved it. Wish it was made a little stronger...hope they last
B00B500BLW great shoe shoes fits as expected and looks great.  the only reason it got a 4 instead of 5 is because i could have paid a bit less in the stores.
B00B500BLW Wishing this model had real leather This is a good shoe. Was purchased a 1/2 size bigger because our experience with Pumas' is that they run a little small. This one fit good, my boy said they are comfortable and it's been the only shoe he wants to wear. I'm a fan of leather soccer shoes, wish these were. Still giving it 5 stars as the shoe is well made, good for soccer.
B00B500LGC Puma Indoor Soccer Cleat My daughter LOVES these puma indoor soccer shoe. She loves how the color on each shoe is different and fun. The side laces are great and the shoe fits as expected. These work perfect for her indoor soccer game on the turf surface.
B00B500LGC best indoor shoe ever I loved my indoor shoe it is very comfortable very fashionable and u can run better in them. I give a 5 stars to these shoes
B00B5013PK Nice but Nice but get different laces, I doubled knotted and still came loose but shoe looks as pictured and fitted as puma does more narrow. It's a pretty firm shoe so gets some getting used to for new players
B00B502OSA A nice soccer shoe These are nice soccer shoes. Pretty good for wide feet but still run a little tight. They have stretched out enough with wear to be more comfortable though. My six year old boy loves the color. I will be buying another puma shoe next year as well. Made well.
B00B502OSA The shoe fits Good shoe. Love the styling on Pumas. One thing to note is that Puma's in general run small or get a 1/2 size bigger if you can.
B00B51CJWK best fit for me. am 51 and i have small feet. i normally special order my 4.5 shoe but if the shoe is narrow, i can usually fit in a 5 in women size. when i bought my first pair, i didn't realize it is kid size. i decided that from now on i will only wear this kind of shoe so i bought another pair and am thinking of purchasing my 3rd. this bioweb junior size shoe is cut narrow so be aware when you place your order junior size or otherwise.
B00B5ED00C Red Puma sneakers They are a beautiful red color with just enough height not to be a flat tennis shoe and not to look like a platform.  The leather is buttery soft and there was also green shoe lace in the shoe in addition to the white for extra color and fun.
B00B5EDEZI Great Shoe, but Order Them 1/2 Size Bigger I love Puma, and I wear them all the time. I am technically an 8.5, but I order 9's when ordering from PUMA and they always fit perfect. These shoes are adorable and comfortable, but I am partial. They were delivered within 48 hours with 2 different shoe laces, and they fit perfectly. The colors stand out, but they are not attention-seeking. Beautiful shoe with a lot of tread. Highly recommend.
B00B5GI762 Five Stars My daughter loves this shoe...
B00B5GI762 Beautiful Shoe! This shoe is gorgeous, but i'm not sure it's true to size. I had 2 take off the pad in it for my nephew to wear it comfortably.
B00B5HUIO0 good shoe i like it. Great shoe.
B00B5HUIO0 Great Shoe! Got a pair of these for each of my boys who are 7 and 5. Its great for slipping on and racing out the door. It doesn't have a toddler look despite the velcro straps. Also great as a lounge shoe for a walk on the boardwalk or just hanging out.
B00B5HUIO0 Great for kids who have not yet mastered 'tying' their shoes.. These shoes do run big, so I recommend buying them a half size smaller. My son wears a 2, so I ordered a 1.5 size. He's 7 and is  still working on tying his shoes, so I figured these would do for the summer as well as a good shoe to start the 3rd grade in.He's going to a new school the requires a uniform, so I know he wants some cool, comfortable kicks that allow him to stand out a bit.These shoes are very versatile....they look good in casual as well as non-casual outfits.They are PUMA...so their reputation is good and I have to say, they did live up to their reputation, this is a great shoe!I do recommend it for kids age 0-10...they are just awesome!
B00B5KZACC Cute and comfy kid's shoe My daughter's babysitter was really impressed with how cute and durable these were. The double velcro helps the shoe stay on better than a single strap shoe. Will definitely buy more like these in the next sizes up when she outgrows them.
B00B5KZACC was this shoe used? I bought this shoe for my kid under the pretense that it was a new shoe (never worn). When I got it, all tags were attached, but the bottoms were full of dirt/sand.If you are going to sell used products as if they were new, please use enough common sense to clean (the shoe bottoms) before selling.
B00B5KZACC pumas this is the best shoe , i love this buy. i want to recommend it by far. this is  a buy again site
B00B5LHG82 Like the Pumas These pumas are super cute and comfortable. They are true to size, and look great. The only downside, is that the straps on the front only have Velcro on the very tips of the straps. You have to intentionally close the shoe snugly in order for the straps to reach the small piece of velcro on the shoe. My daughter is petite with tiny feet therefore it works fine for her. It would definitely be an issue for children with huskier feet.
B00B5LHG82 Very nice shoe Very sporty, great priceSize runs a bit large but great for growing kidsGreat addition to the shoe closet
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe-may run a little big for smaller feet Great shoe! Super cute ! However, I had to order smaller size for my 3 year old. But now I have other size for her to grow in to!
B00B5W0FHK Puma Drift Cat, Leather Sneaker This is an AWESOME shoe! I ordered it the 1st time around in a size 11.5 for my 5 y/o son, and it was a little snug... But we liked it so much, I turned right around and ordered it again in a 12.5! This shoe is sleek, comfy, and easy for little hands to take on & off. I really like the way the velcro closures are done.
B00B5W0FHK Great Kid Shoe My 6yo son loves these shoes.  Leather is very supple, and wears well.  Color is true to photo.  He is very happy with the look and feel of the shoe.
B00B5W0FHK Five Stars Very nice shoe
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe Fits as expected. My little guy can walk and run easily. Good quality shoe. I will continue to buy Pumas for my son in the future.
B00B5W0FHK Great Shoe Great looking shoe. My son loves it. Good fit and very comfortable. Looking for other styles with Puma. Keep up the good work
B00B5W0UUW So glad to find a bigger size shoe with velcro So glad to find a bigger size shoe with velcro.  My 5 year old has big feet and hasn't mastered tying her shoe laces.  These are great!
B00B5W0UUW cute remember to get a larger shoe because the kids grow out of their shoes quickly.
B00B5W0UUW Great shoe The shoe was Great fit and she loved the shoes for the first day of school. Highly recommend this shoe.
B00B5W0UUW Great shoe This is a cute looking shoe, but you have to remember that Puma runs small.  Otherwise, would recommend it to anyone.
B00B5W0UUW Cute Shoes I bought these shoes for my 2-year old daughter and they are alright.  They are VERY shiny...like, almostmoon shoes&#34;, which only a girl her age can pull off.  One thing I dislike is that the velcro comes completely apart so that the tongue of the shoe can bend all the way forward.  That works well to put her foot in, but then the velcro pieces go under the tongue and you have to pull them both back out again and reset everything before securing the shoe.
B00B7LUG00 very pleased not a bad looking shoe in person and is very comfortable.  Inside the shoe it says running but on the amazon site it is listed as a crosstrainer.  Holding up well in cross training.  I would not use for anything really strenuous and expect them to last long.
B00B7LUG00 Great Great shoe great fit!!! highly recommend  for a good price got to love this shoe very comfortable and the delivery was wonderful
B00B7LUG00 Great shoe, too narrow. Shoe was too narrow. Light weight. Good looking, need size 14 2E. Construction of the shoe was excelent. Could not determine how durable the shoe was,
B00B7LUG00 good shoe gave it a 4 star just because plastic on tongue looks kinda cheesy, otherwise has worked great in the gym
B00B7LUG00 Great cross country shoe. Great cross country shoe and at a very good price. Good quality. Might want to consider one shoe size bigger.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable Fitting Shoe I needed a new athletic shoe for physical rehabilitation, and was a little dubious about trying thisshoe sight-unseen.  I was  pleasantly surprised with the comfort of the shoe--nice width, and feels goodon the treadmill.  The is a little tightness across the top, but this should pass once the shoe stretchesa little.  All things considered, a superior product.
B00B7LUG00 These shoes are OK I like the sole of the shoe, but the top of the shoe, for me, should be more rigid. They will good for everyday around town type walking, but not for heavy cross-training. For the price, you get what you pay for.
B00B7LUG00 great shoe ordered shoe to wear on hard work surface ... great fit and comfort for 8 hour work day ... definitely recommend ... size as expected
B00B7LUG00 A bit tight, but satisfactory While shoemakers' lasts and designs differ, it's rare that a standard men's size 9 is too tight. These proved marginally so, but will probably loosen up a bit after more wearing. If you foot is on the wide side you might want to go up a half size. The shoe seems to be subtantially made, though I'm no expert on shoe construction. I agree with another reviewer who criticised the lack of a heel tab to help pull the shoe on.
B00B7LUG00 Puma Suga Cross Trainer Great looking shoe, good fit,  but disappointed in quality..the plastic type material in the tongue part of the shoe is cracking already & only had them 2 weeks for casual walking
B00B7LUG00 Five Stars Great shoe!
B00B7LUG00 Shoe is OK Bought the shoe for myself to wear because it is our school colors. Took about a week of wear for it to look a little scruffy. Don't think I would not buy the shoe again. I have had Pumas before and have been very happy with them.
B00B7LUG00 Nice shoe Shoe fits exactly as it should.  Light weight and they look good.  I was a little dissapointed with the &#34;plastic&#34; looking tongue, but other than that the shoe is very nice and feels great on my feet.
B00B7LUG00 PUMA Men's Mell Es Suga Cross-Training Shoe Great Cross Training Shoe. Comfortable during 2 hours of elliptical, with very little ill effects.Fits better than some of the higher priced competitors.
B00B7LUG00 Excellent Cross - Training Shoe I recommend anyone to buy them This is an amazing shoe , great price and great comfort , excellent Cross-Training Shoe. Its a 5 star shoe compare to others brand as Nike ,  Mitzuno , Assics.
B00B7LUG00 Good shoe! Good shoe!
B00B7LUG00 Ask them to remove the magnetic tag! Tell them to remove the magnetic tag before they send the shoe. I had to spend a half hour breaking the tag and also my new shoe got dirty in the process. A very bad experience.The shoe was really good though. 5 stars for the shoe alone. 1 star gone for the tag!
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable The shoe is very comfortable, although I would order 1/2 smaller than normal.  I ordered the same size as my other Pumas & these are a little larger than those.
B00B7LUYFC Training puma shoe I was happy on this training puma shoe.was so light and feel very comfortable when i put on.I recommended to all buyers amazon to buy.I feel have no problems onThis training shoe.
B00B7LUYFC Great Shoe This is a great shoe so far. I look forward to seeing how long they last me and how much more comfortable they become after I break them in.
B00B7LUYFC The answer is? The answer? it's very simple, this shoe is light weight, incredibly comfortable, stylish and the perfect interior padding and bottom traction.  If you looking for a running shoe with those qualities, this PUMA shoe does the job.  Peace out and happy running folks.
B00B7LUYFC Great Shoe Puma is really stepping up its game. Great all purpose running/gym shoe. Fit true to size and will buy again.
B00B7LUYFC Good cross trainer Great cross training shoe, I use it daily and have not had any issues. I would recommend this shoe! Actually just purchased a second pair.
B00B7LUYFC Great additon to my workout shoe collection! Super comfortable, stylish workout shoe.  I go to the gym daily and like to rotate shoes.  Somewhat apprehensive to order a shoe &#34;on-line&#34; but the &#34;fit&#34; and &#34;reviews&#34; helped, glad I did order.  The pricing was very competitive too.  I had Puma football shoes in college (long ago...) and liked them, glad to see PUMA still making a quality product.
B00B7LUYFC Well constructed shoe. I use this shoe primarily for low impact aerobic exercising.  I also wear for a &#34;geezer&#34; league volleyball play..  The performance is good and they are a very comfortable shoe.
B00B7LV3UC A Dream Maternity Shoe If not for this shoe while pregnant, I believe that I'd honestly be barefoot & pregnant with very few options.  My feet have swollen a great deal, so the fact that this shoe only covers my toes and heels is an absolute dream.  I came online to order a few more pair to get me through this.  They are also extremely comfortable as well as flexible!
B00B7LV8V6 Size up Cute cushy shoe.  A least 1/2 to 1 size too small.  Please consider that when ordering this particular shoe folks!  It's going back.
B00B7LV8V6 Puma always delivers Great shoe.. Just what I wanted.. Comfortable, lightweight and really really cute.  The fit/size was spot on and they feel very well made.
B00B7LV8V6 nice shoe Nice shoe, comfortable and very cute. I like them, but they run small. I would order a half size larger
B00B7LVTOC Good buy One of the best purchase ever! It was a good buy for less than $30. But as soon as I was done with my order, the price went up close to $60! Good thing, I got the correct size. This is the kind of puma shoe I like most because of its style. I will buy this again.
B00B7LVTOC would recommend to by a bigger size since they don't offer this shoe in a wider size. Good looking shoe but I don't know why Puma shoes are made so narrow now these days. Like the look don't like the fit.
B00B7LVTOC always loved this shoe I've bought many of them in the past, not as much for playing tennis but for casual wearing. I just like this style shoe. This particular one had a different pattern so I went for it.
B00B7LVTOC Great shoe that is stylish! I really like the fit, they are not super cushy on the foot but they are comfortable. A shoe insert would make them very cushy.
B00B9ZDQA6 Very comfortable I really like this pair of shoes. They are very comfortable and come with 2 colors of shoe laces so you can match them a bit.
B00B9ZDQA6 great shoe I wear these almost every day, comfortable and true to size. Would buy these again when these need to be replaced.
B00BAXWTT6 Very stylish Great shoe. My son thought they very very comfortable & easy for a kid to put on. Very versatile shoe
B00BAZGA8A Children's Shoes. I alway's buy my shoe's here because they have the right ones I like and the half size's, That is hard to find for children her age. The price on the shoe's are good.Thank YouJoanne Sutherland
B00BAZKORS second order of this shoe My daughter out grew a size 1.  I immediately bought her a size 2.  I don't think she'll ever get sick of this shoe!lol She's flat footed, and swears they are the best.  I watch her put them on everyday, and she never wears anything uncomfortable.
B00BMCFZNM Great Crossover Shoe -- very light I enjoy this shoe as more of a crossover from training to casual.  Probably not for the gritty trainer because it does not appear to be overly durable.  I will more than likely buy another.
B00BMD287C Five Stars very comfy great shoe
B00C1LN7ME Puma review My son saw this shoe in two retail outlets but they didn't have his size.  Amazon had what he was looking for at a better price!
B00C5UNM0I Nice looking shoe The shore looks great. The only comment about the shoe would be that the shoe fit was a little narrow initially, but loosened up a little after the first couple of wears. The more I wear them the better they feel.
B00C5UOFS6 Have 3 pairs.... I have this shoe in 3 different colors and I wanted a yellow shoe.....however this shoe is not YELLOW !!!! It is actually more orange than anything, so basically if your looking for yellow do not purchase this pair.  I was a little disappointed after opening them but I thought the color they were was also ok....so I kept them.
B00C5UOVBC great shoe Good looking shoe.Got a few compliments from co-workers.Very comfortable and they fit great.I wore puma shoes when I was younger and ran track.
B00C5UOVBC Nice shoe I have received many compliments for these running shoes and would like to point out that the tongue is not independent of the shoe and is sewn to the upper.  This make the shoe-technically a slip-on.  I have never had a running shoe quite like that before, and it did take a little getting used to.
B00C699NTC Pretty good shoes These shoes are pretty nice.  Before I even go any further, let me just say I'm glad I took the advice of the other reviewers and ordered a half-size larger than I usually wear, because it was definitely the right call.They are extremely lightweight, and the tread and grip is pretty nice.  They came with two sets of laces which was a super nice touch, they come with the fat black laces shown in the photo, and also came with a black/white/grey braided cord style lace, which I opted to install on the shoe over the straight black.It adds a lot of contrast to the top of the shoe, which in my opinion, make the shoe look better.  To each their own though, some may prefer the murdered out black look.As with other Puma's I have owned, the white stripe at the bottom gets dirty very easily.  The material is somewhat difficult to clean, so you need to stay on top of it.  Although the will to meticulously clean them only lasts so long, and after some months go by you don't do it as frequently, and eventually only do it occasionally.  When you wait too long, it's hard to clean.  Tip though, try to use a magic eraser on it, it seems to work pretty good.The stitching was all pretty good, very uniform and no loose threads.As for comfort... well they seem to run a little slim, make sure to loosen your laces a little bit so your foot has more room to spread out after you put weight on it.  Also, it always takes a while to break in new shoes, so make sure to consider that as well.The second day I wore these out was much better than the first, I also had to loosen the laces on my right shoe a second time though, as it was still seeming a little bit tight.Overall, a good shoe, the price isn't too bonkers, and they look very nice.
B00C699NTC Good shoe These are good, solid pumas. The material stays pretty clean and they go with almost everything. I recommend going up 1/2 size.
B00C6AH8J8 A very good buy Its a beautiful shoe and the fit is awesome. I am so glad that i decided to buy this shoe
B00C6AH8J8 Awesome Shoe This is a great versatile shoe. It looks good, feels comfortable and fits as it should. Definitely going to buy more Pumas.
B00C6AH8J8 Chicks man Awesome shoe. Feels great and looks great. All the chicks will be eyeing you wherever you are in these kicks!!!
B00C6AH8J8 Good shoe as promised I'm happy with these shoes. For under 30 dollars they were a good deal. They will make a good kick around shoe for spring and summer. The front upper is actually leather. The back half of the upper some sort of synthetic material, not canvas. They have a comfortable feel and fit well. Overall I am happy with this shoe.
B00C6AH8J8 I rate 5 because puma never disappoint I love this shoe, I love puma, 98% of the shoes I buy is from puma, they make good strong, topclass stuff
B00C6AIR2U just ok. I was looking for a mature looking shoe to go with different outfits....this was not the shoe! These shoes have a very cheap looking shoe. The pleather on the tounge was horrific.Amazon is awesome though. They returned the shoes with out a problem.
B00C6AIR2U Tight I don't consider my foot to be wide, but these fit a bit too glove like. Otherwise they appear well made and are lightweight. I use as a gym workout  shoe. They would certainly not be my choice for a game shoe.
B00C6BOILS Great Shoe This shoe turned out to be great and I only hope it is durable and lasts the test of time.  The product is very sleek and I'll make good use of it.
B00C6BOILS cool shoes Comfortable shoe, and stylish. Can't put extra insoles in them, because the shoe sits low.
B00C6BOILS Very cool shoe Finally a dope shoe appropriate for a 40 yr old to wear as well. Very comfortable and versatile my 18 year old sone loves them as well.
B00C6BOILS Not as expected The picture of the shoe looks black on grey, but that is not the case. The whole shoe is black minus the middle and they are uncomfortable.
B00C6BOILS Too much swag I love this shoe specially because of the velvet finish. It has a neat and clean look with jeans or shorts.
B00C6BOILS Great shoe, great price I wear a size 12 in Reebok, Nike, and New Balance. I ordered a size 12 of these and they fit perfectly. I really like the way the styling of the shoe looks and they are fairly comfortable. I was surprised to read that some of the people that bought these shoes use them to workout in. I think there are a lot better workout shoes that you could wear instead ( I use Reebok Nano 3.0 for lifting/crossfit and Nike running shoes for longer distance running). These are just a very sharp looking everyday shoe to wear around or go out in. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B00C6BPP10 Very comfortable shoe, but runs small I usually wear a 8.5 but I ended up having to get a 9.5 in this shoe. Once I got the right size, these shoes have been great! Very stylish and also very comfortable.
B00C6BTJUS Four Stars Great shoe! puma quality
B00C6BUJDY Great shoe. The shoe fit good and looks good on my feet. I have a pair of grey and coral color ones as well.
B00C6BUJDY Great shoe Great show love it, it fits perfect size 8 and love the extra height for someone 5'1. Great style and design on the outside.
B00C6BUJDY The Perfect Cute Wedge Tennis Shoe The shoe is so cute, that I had a few guys compliment my shoes.  They are comfortable.  I ordered the shoe a 1/2 size bigger because Puma shoes tend to run small. But this is my best tennis shoe ever.
B00C6BUJDY good looking shoe These sneakers are fairly comfortable but I cant seem to wear them for more than a couple of hours at a time. There's some discomfort between where the laces end and the Velcro straps begin. It feels like the tongue of the shoe is slipping and bending into my foot.  I'm gonna try some inserts and see if that helps because I absoloutely love the way they look.
B00C6EVTUS Great shoe What a cutie of a shoe have a running outfit that goes with it. It's. A very comfortable shoe but it will pop on your foot.
B00C6EW87G Sizes run small, but still a good shoe I usually wear a 7 1/2 to an 8 when I get shoes.  The other reviews said to go a size up, so I did and bought an 8 1/2.  They fit perfectly!  I love these shoes, and have gotten tons of compliments on them.  I am a CNA and I bought them for work.  The first week I wore them, my feet were hurting by the end of the night.  Not really bad, just a little.  Now that I'm used to them, it's fine.  They do seem to be a little flimsy.  Not really &#34;running&#34; shoe, but it works. All in all, I really like these shoes.  They look great, and I didn't have to pay a ton of money to get them.
B00C6EW87G Shoe is Incredibly Thin and Small I love the style of this shoe, but it is incredibly thin. I wear a size 9, but would need at least a 10 in this shoe. Buyer beware; I'd suggest buying this shoe in a store if you can. Other than that it is constructed well and seems like it would last a long time.
B00C6EW87G i love these shoes they are the ultimate comfy/ cute/ athletic without being over sporty shoe. im in to the thin form fited track shoe style. unfortunately now it seems u can only find that if its a track shoe and in that case it has spikes on the bottom. not exactly floor friendly. well this shoe is so far the closest to my wants as anything has gotten
B00C6EW87G Noise in the shoe They do run small. I like the laces and the lightness of the shoe. I do not like that the sole are sticky, and make a noise when training on a wood floor. I wanted them to be more smooth when working out on a wood floor. For my foot it would be good if they were cut a little wider too.
B00C6EW87G Love Puma/only Do love the Puma lace-up shoe.  Fit great, feel marvelous all day long; the only thing I would like to know is, 'how do others keep the d--- shoe laces tied?  They are so slippery they untie themselves and one finds oneself tie, tie, tie, after walking no so many miles.  Would be enough to turn me into another shoe seeker. HELP!!
B00C6EW87G I love this shoe! Love this shoe! Comfortable! Great for weight lifting! I want 10 more pairs! Runs small I bought a 10, I'm normally a 9.5.
B00C6EW87G Great shoes! I was really excited when I received these shoes. The colors are bright, the shoe is comfortable and over all very cute! My disappointment came after I realized I had chosen them too small.. The adv for the shoe does say the shoe runs a size smaller, I just didnt see it.Over all I think its a great shoe.. Just make sure you get the right size. I will be exchanging the shoe, if stock available.
B00C6EW87G DEF order a half size up Cute shoe - too bad it didn't fit - my toes were up against the top of the shoe.  I ordered a 7.5 because the price for the 8 was almost double so will be returning them without reordering the next size up.  Found another cute pair shipped through Amazon Prime for free!
B00C6F6WX6 Good fit and gets compliments I wear an 8.5 in a dress shoe and ordered a 9.5 for this shoe.  it's a good fit and seems well made.  Shoes are being used for casual wear at home and on shopping trips.  I like Pumas.  Good shoes.
B00C6FBWX6 Excellent Work Out Shoe I purchased this shoe for my Zumba workouts.  I was a little worried because of reviews complaining about the fit.  The shoe is light-weight and fits snugly, but perfectly comfortably.  I was a little disappointed with the color, though, which is not quite as depicted and much more red than pink.
B00C6FBWX6 Cute shoe... not a great fit I got these shoes not knowing that they don't open all the way at the laces... so it isn't easy to get the shoe on with socks on... but they are cute and pink... just hope they stretch a little bit for comfort.
B00C6FBWX6 I can't believe it! I ordered this shoe sometime before Christmas and only just decided to try it on! I could not believe that it is about a size too small!!!First I tried it on with socks then I had to take them off to force my foot in....sigh I can't believe that it took me this long to discover that the shoe does not fit! It's like a relationship horror story lol.The shoe looks awesome just like the image- actually even better! And so pleased was I with how my purchase looked that I didn't want to disturb it's newness, so put it in the cute carrying case it comes in and put it under my tree until now, to get the shock of my life! I just have to laugh at myself yes. What more can I do so very long after the fact. This is hilarious.But seriously this shoe runs about a size small so you can feel free to buy it cause it looks and feels the part, that is if it can get on your foot. Even slackening the laces will not help because it's a fitted shoe really like mock socks. So I'll try to return them for a bigger size because they are really pretty just unbelievably small. Sigh.
B00CAJT9OW Great buy!! Great shoe fits well for wider foot and a very good price for a child's shoe and very fast delivery
B00CAJUT96 Just OK... I wanted this shoe in Black and Blue, but they didn't have my size.  The shoe is ok.  Runs a little small and it looks more like a water shoe.  Very lite, so I will use it...
B00CAJUUVS Wrong shoe They were the wrong shoe. Not the shoe I ordered and they were way too large. I am sending them back
B00CAJXM0Y Low Quality, Not A Running Shoe Every athletic shoe store I spoke with agreed that this shoe was not built for running.There are a number of visual indicators that the manufacturing quality is much lower than would be expected from a name brand, $70 pair of shoes. After a month of little use, the fabric of the outer part of the shoe began to fray and split open.I don't know if this is a reflection on Puma or if this is a fake, but I do not recommend this to anyone.
B00CAJXZTM good shoe They are a little too large, This shoe should be ordered a half size smaller. What else to say ok?
B00CAJZDHY I love this shoe I love these Puma shoes...this shoe looks great!! My wife said of all of my running shoes these are her favorite pair. They look absolutely FLY with a pair of jeans and are VERY comfortable. If you never bought a Puma or it has been a while since you have a good rule is to buy 1 size up as the Puma is generally narrow so your exact size will probably be a bit uncomfortable. This is a well constructed shoe and you can not beat the price...I promise you will not be disappointed with this shoe.
B00CAJZDHY Love it I would recommend this shoe, I love it. I wear a 8.5 in shoes so I ordered my tennis shoe in a 9 due to I will wear with socks, and it's a perfect fit.
B00CAK38DY Sold in the women's shoe section on Amazon but not a women's shoe Mobiums are a great shoe. This shoe is, however, misrepresented as a women's shoe. It's a men's shoe, so make sure to order two sizes down. I didn't and it was a waste of express shipping.
B00CAK38DY Good shoe...just didn't fit. Good shoe but it just didn't fit.  I ordered my size but the shoe was too large even with socks. I would advise anyone interested to order your shoe a size smaller than you wear.
B00CAK38DY LOVE IT This is a great fitting shoe. I like the fact that fits my foot like a glove. The fact that it glows in the dark is amazing. It really shows off in the dark. Love this shoe.
B00CAK38DY Not the most comfortable shoe It fits, but it is not the most comfortable shoe.  I is the kind of shoe you wear then take off the minute you get home.  I like the Glow in the Dark feature.  Main reason I like wearing it.
B00CAK38DY order down I wear the same size shoe in every Brand name shoe but this one and Nike. These Puma's fit 1/2 - 1 full size too large. Awesome shoe, so of course i re-ordered in a smaller size!
B00CAK5SHS Great trail runner First of all, let me get the &#34;caveat&#34; out of the way.  If you are looking for a &#34;hybrid&#34; running shoe, which is to say, one  that you can run on trails as well as pavement, this is NOT it.  This shoe is exactly what it is advertised...a trail runner.  Period.  Walking or running on pavement feels very strange.  The best way I can put it, is that it feels like a wire-bristle doghair brush strapped to each foot, and walking bristle-side-down on them.Where this shoe belongs is in the dirt, mud, rocks, grass, and gravel.  And once in any of those places, it is fantastic!  The tread grips the off road surfaces like a... well, just like a puma's claw.  You can clearly tell that the shoe's designers did their homework with the tread, and didn't just randomly throw on a bunch of lugs and deep grooves with no rhyme or reason.  The traction on ascents, descents, sharp curves, over obstacles, through wet and dry conditions, is beyond impressive, in my opinion.  It is very well-cushioned and gives a soft ride.  While not exactly in the Hoka OneOne category, it is definitely not a barefoot shoe either.  But it not a heavy shoe.  You can go all day in this, and not feel like you're wearing combat boots.  As far as stability and motion-control, the best I can describe is that it feels like a lot of Brooks Adrenalines that I've worn in the past.  It is built as well, or better than, anything by any premium running shoe company out there.In short, I love this shoe.  It has totally reenergized and revitalized my trail-running.I am kind of sad that I had to buy this shoe through Amazon.  But only because I checked the official Puma website first, and they do not offer it there anymore, which leads me to believe that they don't make it anymore.  That's too bad.  Hopefully they bring it back or replace it with something just as good.
B00CAK5SHS Shoe fits very snug I should of purchased a 13 as the shoe fits very snug. Also if you have wider feet then do consider jumping maybe two sizes. I went up one size but it wasn't enough. Despite that I took them out for two runs and felt great with them. Once I got past the fact they were tight I enjoyed the shoes.I'm hoping by wearing them daily I will break them in were its reasonably comfortable.
B00CAK67V4 Great shoe! Bought pair as a gift and was pleasantly surpised by the light weight and quality.  It is difficult to see from the on-line picture but the puma signature design on the side of the shoe has a glitter/shimmer quality to it.
B00CAK67V4 Great Quality! The shoe is as promised I just misjudged the size. I really like my purchase and would not return it!
B00CAK8UJ6 Puma's Run Small These are somewhat pricey but they are like no other Puma shoe. There is no other design for a brown casual shoe that compares to this. I docked it one star because they are expensive.
B00CAK9ABI Puma I have had pumas before but not high tops. They're a light shoe, pretty comfortable, and I am pretty happy with them.
B00CAK9PI6 Evospeed 1.2 Shoe fits but not like i expected. Its not weaped to the feet like my evospeeds 1 maybe because i gave not broken them in 100%
B00CRBE7F4 Great shoe for indoor football(soccer) Puma always makes a quality product.This shoe is light weight, comfortable, has good good support and grip, and it fits perfectly.
B00CRBE7F4 Great Shoe! Snug/Perfect Fit! I've spent 2 weeks with this shoe now. NO blisters (Yay!) Also, even though my feet sweat like CRAZY, it still has the new shoe smell. Whatever size your regular tennis show is, that is the size to order. These shoes are snug, but perfect. The synthetic yellow has not peeled or scratched at all after heavy soccer use. The leather on this shoe is amazing! I have so much more ball control than I did before. Also, the ankle support is PHENOMENAL! I have weak ankles, and even when I'm hacked at, the ankle protects great. The arch support is good, but nothing special, however the cushioning is very comfortable. The shoe laces have not come undone ONCE in a game, which is wonderful. Definitley worth $45! If you're a soccer player or just looking for a flashy shoe, this is a pretty great bet.SHIPPING wise, the package arrived through FedEx a day EARLY...could not be happier, thanks Amazon!
B00CWL2EWC Love this This is a great shoe. Super comfy and it fits true to size. The fact that it's a sneaker wedge isn't obvious and I wish it was but I'm not really complaining. The puma swipe actually has a touch of sparkle in it which is a nice detail, but it's very subtle and not over done to make you feel like you're wearing a kiddie shoe.
B00D44LD7I Great shoe overall The only downside to these shoes would to there in no arch support inside the shoe so it doesn't feel a bit awkward when getting used to the shoes.
B00DHJQ39S Most comfortable shoe ever! Very comfortable playing golf the first day wearing them. Lots of compliments on the looks. Fit is true to size. A good summer shoe. Not sure if they are waterproof though.
B00DHJQ39S A comfort golf shoe Love them! The most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. Plus they look great so you can't beat it!
B00DHJU5KG Comfortable, good looking shoe Really happy with this extremely light and omfortable golf shoe.Speedy delivery as usual from Amazon .
B00DHJUCR2 Great golf shoe! They are the most comfortable golf shoe. I like the way that they fit. I would recommend them to any skill level golfer.
B00DNNO40I great once they've been broken in A very comfortable running shoe ... but a little tough to break in ... I have wide feet, so it usually takes a bit longer for me to break in a shoe ... wish they had a wide size ... still, overall one of the best shoes I've owned
B00DNNOCQE Somethings not right I purchased these in the gray and like one other reviewer said, the left shoe was fine.  But the right shoe the back of the shoe pressed up against my foot and hurts.  The left is fine but something's not right with the &#34;right&#34; shoe.
B00DNNOGEW Great Shoe! I have only run 21 miles in them but so far they are great.  I like them because they are light but not too light.  The toe box is large enough so I can wear my thicker socks.  I bought them to run a marathon in as I need a little more support for that distance than you get in a racing shoe.  Once I do some long runs in them I will know if they are good for my marathon.  But so far so good!I have been running for 36 years and these are my first pair of Pumas.  I am very satisfied so far!
B00DNNOGEW Great shoe Light weight, fits perfect.
B00DNNS6ZM nice looking shoe very comfortable, I was able to walk around Disneyland for many hours with out any pain or being uncomfortable. The shoe seems to be a bit too big. My other size 9 PUMA fit perfectly.
B00DNNS6ZM Five Stars It is a very nice shoe . I love it
B00DNNUQN2 Just what I was looking for!  No bulky padding! I was looking for a shoe that didn't have lots of padding on the inside of the upper.  I have been having a hard time finding a shoe that didn't rub blisters into my heal from excess padding.This shoe is great for me!  I'm 5'11 with a wide foot.  This shoe is great.  The toe box is nice and wide.  There is no bulky tongue to slide around as I run.  The tongue has no padding on it and is attached to the shoe.  The fabric on the inside of the shoe by the heal is very soft, not a scratchy outer material.I think that if you are looking for a minimalist shoe for trail running or treadmill time these are great.  They have been great for me at least.
B00DNNUQN2 Wasnt what I expected I returned the shoe. I din't like the material, also I wanted to use them for step, corebar, body pump, and body combat. They did not give me the support I need. I'm sure it's a great shoe but just not for me.
B00DNNUQN2 forever puma!!! I do a lot of walking during my day. All I wear is puma. I really don't care for the new style of the tongue. It is attached to the side of the shoe. So getting your foot in the shoe can be a pain if you have thicker socks on. But they are very comfortable to wear all day. I would buy another pair. Plus they look great! They are a great summer shoe, they really breathe.
B00DNNYHHI Right shoe felt uncomfortable over the arch The description for this shoe did not lend itself to the fact that the &#34;300&#34; signifies that this shoe is good for short distance running. Meaning that the padding is going to be harder and so I had to return these. I tried it and it definitely was a harsher ride than my Nikes.Planning on trying out the Faas 1000 since the reviews say it has incredible padding.(When it says, fits as expected, I already knew that I had to buy a half to a full size larger to make it fit on my foot.)
B00DNNZYZ2 So comfy! These shoes are awesome! And so so so comfortable! I would definitely recommend this product to any one that is looking for a great shoe!
B00DNO0QRC loved the shoe. Bought these for my husband and he loved them. He liked the quality of the shoe. Would definitely buy again
B00DNO0QRC Not the quality of shoe that Puma used to be ... Not the quality of shoe that Puma used to be when I wore them years ago. If you can get them for $20, get them, that is about what they are worth!
B00DOE8S9O puma EL are the best shoes This shoe is 100% all rubber.  I was actually pleased by this because I plan on wearing these during the rainy winter months on the northeast coast.  However, one thing I did notice was that the top of the back heel felt hard against my Achilles tendon.  It didn't cause a blister or anything like that but I suspect it was just the shoe needs to be broken in after another day or two.Puma really is the best shoe out there!  The comfort band around the arch is well worth it!
B00DOEFG4Y I love these shoes I spent forever searching for a replacement for my previous version of these shoes which lasted me about 5-6 years. These are exactly what I was looking for, easily my favorite street shoe.Abnormally good arch support for a &#34;flat&#34;Canvas for a more breathable shoe (especially nice in the summer) but not the horrible thin canvas that most companies are doing so it doesn't cut in to your ankle. These actually have padding!It's too bad Puma doesn't make them anymore (to my knowledge).
B00DOEFG4Y Cool Summer Shoe I'm a Pumaholic. I own 20+ pairs in a variety of styles. This shoe is as retro stylish and comfortable as any of them.The lone criticism I could level at this particular shoe is that the formstripe is made of a fabric that easily picks up dirt and doesn't appear to be as easy to clean leather, suede or a synthetic material.All in all, I'm very pleased with the sneaker and look forward to rocking them throughout the hot Southeastern summer.
B00DOEFG4Y No complaints Good value shoe that is comfortable for walking and looks good. I had the same shoe for 2 years and replaced in kind.
B00DOEFG4Y great great shoe my favorite shoe of all time. looks cool and incredibly comfortable. cant believe they have 67 colors of the suede pumas but only a few colors in the benny. the suede pumas are brutal on your feet, in my opinion.
B00DOELNTQ I love the this shoe I wore it them in Miami ... I love the this shoe I wore it them in Miami the girls were looking at me like a piece of meat but the only thing is most of my shoes are 10-10.5 but I shud have gotten a size 11 b'cuz they are very narrow!
B00DOFYPSG NIce simple driving shoe for occasional use This is a nicely made driving shoe for occasional use. After all it is only an $80 shoe, just what you would expect from a shoe priced in this category fit was about 1/2 size more than a normal street shoe; and about a 1/2 size less than my normal New Balance size (NB runs one size more than normal street shoes)The trim outline of the shoe aids in driving small sports cars with narrow clutch/brake areas.
B00DOG1Q96 Finally The first shoe bought my boyfriend did not like it at all, this was the ideal, he has totally happy.
B00DOG1Q96 Great shoe Great shoe! Fit snug and very grippy. They do surprisingly well in the snow, expected to slide more. I would purchase again.
B00DOG1Q96 Odd fit I purchased this shoe a half size larger than I usually wear, based on other reviews.  Unfortunately, a half size was not enough.  I returned them for a full size larger and, even though snug, was able to be fairly comfortable.  However, within just a few hours of the initial wearing, I had a raw spot rubbed on my heel that still hurts a week later.  The left heel was uncomfortable, but the right heel actually rubbed raw, through athletic socks.  Something about how the top of the heel comes together with fabric, leather, and rubber was too high and not smooth.  Disappointing since it is a really good looking shoe.  I can't recommend that no one buys this shoe, it might fit someone else differently, but a fiasco for me.
B00DOG55AW Puma is up there with the top shoe companies! Love the way it fits it is definitely a must buy shoe. Once you go puma you'll always be a fan.
B00DOG55AW great shoe though double think the size you order You should really consider what size you are because a 7 1/2 usually fits me. Though this time it fit a little small. I had to send it back and make a completely different order. So do your research before hand. Other than that the shoe looked good and is a puma shoe so not much more needs to be written.
B00DOG55AW For those who like Ferrari, enjoy this leather shoe confortably Nicely made good quality shoe. Needless to say it is a joy for the Ferrari fan.
B00DOG55AW I love this shoe. This is 4 stars instead of 5 because I saw a slight small rub on the black stripe part of the shoe, and a couple of loose strings at the stitching that I cut off with a scissor. I have reason to believe it was a shoe that was returned or worn, but tried to overlook it. I looked so carefully into it because I thought the shoe was beautiful and could have it in a glass showcase. I tried it on at the store first to know my exact size for the shoe because I know it runs small. I had an old pair of Speedcat's that I love, but worn only a few times because of sizing problems. My shoe size is 9 or 9.5. I got a 10.5 and it feels comfortable. Almost got the 10, but luckily I tried 10.5.
B00DOJIJMA Perfection in a shoe Inexpensive. Great grip. Outstanding comfort. I would highly recommend this shoe for anyone that is playing on turf. A lot of the reviews complain about them being too tight, but they are meant to feel and fit tighter than a casual or running shoe. I found that they were exactly true to size and got used to the shoe hugging my foot immediately. I used them in a game last night and felt an instant difference.
B00DOL32BQ The ideal shoe for any pitch. Fits comforyably. Just what I wanted, I would recommend it. Its light weight,  solid base are perfect, which are good
B00DOL32BQ Excellent shoe Excellent soccer shoe, great disign and good quality material. They are comfortable to run and shock resistantI recommend to buy
B00DOL65X8 Four Stars Nice indoor soccer shoe
B00DQYMIQG Classy Euro Look If you are a true size 11, you may want to purchase the 10.5 as this shoe runs a little large.  I like the look of the shoe as it is not your typical top-sider, not that there is anything wrong with a that, you just don't see this particular fabric, color, nor style everywhere.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.  The hard part's going to be keeping them clean.
B00DQYMIQG Good quality shoe I spotted this shoe at DSW, but they had every size except mine. I already know what size I fit in Puma's, so the fact that Amazon carried this model made me ecstatic. It fit just as expected.
B00DQYMIQG Nice light, casual shoe. This is a very lightweight shoe.  Very comfortable.  The weight and width remind me of a 'driving' shoe.  Very nice quality and great colors for casual wear.
B00DQYMIQG Great shoe This is a great shoe. Super comfortable. Very stylish and off the beaten path. I get comments on them every time I wear them. Not a serious athletic shoe but a great casual kick. I have the beige with blue stripe and wear them with jeans or shorts. Blue stripe works with the jeans. I highly recommend them.
B00DQYYVAM Nice shoes but I recommend ordering them 1/2 larger than ... Nice shoes but I recommend ordering them 1/2 larger than your regular shoe size, they run a little small.  Exchanged for the 1/2 size bigger and fits perfect. Very cool  shoe
B00DS3QSO8 Great Shoe! Just got back from first run in these shoes and they where great! They have a nice spring to em'. A+++
B00DS3QSO8 Comfortable Shoe This Shoe is very comfortable for a walking shoe but this shoe does not provide enough cushioning for a Running Shoe the insole this shoe comes with is very flat and flimsy I would recommend that the insoles that are in this shoe be replaced with a Custom orthotic insole . I would recommend this shoe for people who are on there feet all day that are looking for a comfortable walking shoe.
B00DS3T8TU PUMA Running Shoe I purchased these as a gift for someone and he is very happy with them. No complaints! Nothing else to say.
B00DTW6UVY Good value Great shoe for my nephew. He loves it
B00DU0L7PE very rigid shoe The shoe looks great, but it does not allow for the natural movement of the foot.  It causes my son to walk funny.
B00DUJ90UO easiest shoe to put on/take off of a baby! The one velcro strap holds shoe in place,  the two elastic bands stretch perfectly while struggling to put the shoe on the baby, makes it such a great convenience.  The tongue doesn't bind up when stuffing that chubby foot inside.  Granted we bought these used at a second hand store for $12, we lost one and now are buying the next size up for full price, that's how much we liked them.
B00DULUOWU Really sharp looking shoe My son had been wearing a size 1 1/2 & this 2 is a little snug.  He's a kid so he doesn't care, but I would have bought a 1/2 size bigger.  He loves the lightness of the shoes.  I hope they hold up, but we have never purchased this type of shoe before.
B00DULXWII Good price I bought Tess for 8y/o daughter they fit her like a shoe. They came on time and I'm very satisfied
B00DULXWII Four Stars nice shoe.
B00DY6160A Just a skoosh too large Not uncomfortable, but a bit loose for a shoe I am not wearing socks with. Not worth the return as I am sure the 6.5 will be too small. Otherwise a great shoe. I wish it would warm up so I could break them in.
B00DY6160A Fantastic shoe! I always buy thin sole shoes, but I needed something with a tad more umph  for work.  This shoe wears just that way.  This can be worn for light wear all the way to a running shoe.  Good job again Puma.
B00DY6160A Puma women's asha shoe They are very comfortable and fit perfect. The only thing I noticed it that the inside sole on the left shoe does not go all the way to the tip of the toe of the shoe, there is a gap. Hoping it does not get worse. Love them otherwise!
B00DY6160A Comfy slip on! This shoe is very comfy, and I love the black since it doesn't show dirt/scuffs. It's also high enough on the upper that I can wear pedi socks, or low cut toe socks and it won't show at all. Love this shoe!
B00DY6160A Great shoe!! I have this shoe in the orange color....very comfy!! Loads of compliments.
B00DY6160A Five Stars very comfortable and good looking shoe.
B00DY6160A Workmanship The shoes fit perfectly. Not too big and not too small. Just the right size.The shoes are comfortable also but workmanship not very good.The stiches started to come off on the 2nd day itself for the left shoe and after 4-5 days the right shoe stiches came out as well.5stars for comfort & design.2 star for workmanship.
B00DY74P70 Cute and pretty comfy A cute and fairly comfortable shoe. The bottom of the shoe can get slippery for some reason on certain floors.
B00DY77J28 I absolutely love this shoe I was comparing the price of this shoe to other sellers and I got the absolutely best value here on Amazon!I get compliments from everyone and the style and fits is 100% on point. Thanks
B00EDOMUYI Nice Puma cases running shoe Nice looking shoe. It felt too small for me however I vary between 9.5 and 10 depending on brand. This is an attractive shoe for casual wear. Would not recommend for serious runners as there's not much support.
B00EDOMUYI PUMA I purchased this shoe for my grandson but have not given to him yet.  The shoe is really what I expected, the price was reasonable.  Since he has not worn the shoe yet I cannot rate it reliability.  The quality appears to be excellent.  I would rate what I know today as a 4 star.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoe for the sale price! The shoe fit exactly as expected and was an outstanding value for the sale price at the time.
B00EDOMUYI Great value Great value and a nice looking shoe. Lightweight but a bit too snug
B00EDOMUYI Great Shoe! Great Shoe! I love these. Get Complements all the time. They are comfy and look great! What else do you want in a shoe?
B00EDOMUYI Good running shoe. Very light shoe, it might squeeze your toes a bit. I normally wear a 10.5, and if I order again I'll get a size 11.
B00EDOMUYI Surprise at how comfortable this fit for a shoe of this price Years ago, I had a pair of PUMA shoes and hated it. It didn't fit my feet well and the design just wasn't attractive.When Amazon has a deal of the day with this (so I ended up paying less than $40), I decided to give PUMA another shot. With shoes costing over $100 (for a Nike and Asics loyalist), I thought what the heck, this $40 shoe will be perfect for those short walks to Safeway.Well, I will admit I am more than happy with this shoe. First, it is very comfortable. I wore it on a recent hiking trip that lasted 5+ hours and my feet felt fine. the overall design of the shoe is very attractive and the size 10 (it's about 1/4 inch longer than Nike Air).  Where the Asics can feel a bit tight on the top of my feet and the Nike can feel bit cramped inside, these were perfect..
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoe It arrived on time and I was pleased with the packaging. No Problems. Looks and fits good. The shoe would be 5 stars but for the 'mesh' which is porous. My feet got wet in a rain storm in Chicago over the weekend.Otherwise no problems.
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars Nice looking shoe. Very comfortable.  Inexpensive.
B00EDOMUYI Size 14 and still a good shoe I have a few pair I gave it a five star I'm a big Nike Air Max Nike Shox.  the Pumas your cheaper and  a very comfortable shoe I don't use them for running but fir casual  walking I'm a size 14 is still have a wide variety of colors and styles in my size.
B00EDOMUYI everything I expected This only the 3rd pair of Puma's I have owned, but they are starting to become my favorites.  I knew from my past experience to get a half size larger than i wear in other brands.  look awesome,comfortable,dureable.  Listed as a running shoe, they are more of a trainer or casual shoe.  Little heavy for running.
B00EDOMUYI Greal looking shoe Great shoe, but fits a little too snug around the toes. I think it just needs to be broken in. I still would recommend the shoe.
B00EDOMUYI vert comfortable shoe I needed a new shoe to work out in these shoes are very comfortable and light weight I made a good choice with this shoe
B00EDOMUYI Great shoe, very comfortable Great shoe,  very comfortable!
B00EDOMUYI PUMA CHANGED THE TONGUE seriously... my favorite thing about the voltaic line was the connected tongue, and they changed it... now its just a regular shoe...
B00EDOMUYI My son loves puma's. I have ordered puma shoes ... My son loves puma's. I have ordered puma shoes before & all the tongue to the shoe are attached. This shoe, the tongue is not attached making the shoe loose on his feet if he decides not to wear without the shoe strings in the shoe. Other than that he loves the style & fit of the shoe.
B00EDOMUYI I love the design of the shoe and it is very ... I love the design of the shoe and it is very comfortable,  but it seems a wee bit small for a size 11
B00EDOMUYI Nice looking shoe .Nice looking shoe. Fits well. Worked out today, very comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI My review The shoe is awesome and comfortable. I ordered a half size big because of other reviews on here. It was to big though. I normally wear an 11 in Nikes and I ordered an 11.5 in this shoe because of previous statements made by customers. I gave the bigger ones away and ordered an 11 for myself.
B00EDOR4L2 I really wanted to love this shoe because i love the colors and the ... I really wanted to love this shoe because i love the colors and the style... But i returned them. They fit awkwardly, and i am on my feet all day.
B00EDOR4L2 comfy shoes pretty and comfortable!  Well made!The best part the shoe laces are not so long you can lace them around your ankles 10 times and tie huge clown bows and still trip over the laces like most shoe makers!
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Voltaic 5 Running Shoe (Womens) The shoe fits shorter than most but it is a very comfortable shoe once it's stretched out a bit.
B00EDOR4L2 great shoe Love puma
B00EDOR4L2 great shoe These are great.  Colors and nice.  Very comfortable.  Fit is true to size. :)
B00EDOR4L2 Nice walking shoe Nice comfortable shoe.Will use mainly for long and short walks not for running.
B00EDOR4L2 Great fitting shoe, not too flashy (which is a good thing!) Sorry, just can't get on that neon pink shoe trend.  I picked these up when Amazon had them as their daily deal, and they are great shoes!  Well padded, true to size, and the glacier gray looks appropriate on a 50 year old.
B00EDOR4L2 great deal, great shoe I saw this deal and jumped on it. The shoes are very comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 A very pretty shoe but not a good fit This shoe should have be advertised with an Extra Wide in the size description.  The length size is accurate (size 6, 7, 8 etc) but should be A "WW" included.  A very pretty shoe but not a good fit.
B00EDOR4L2 good fit but for a running shoe its not as ... good fit but for a running shoe its not as comfortable to run in. Walking in them is fine though.
B00EDOR4L2 Great Shoe I bought this shoe simply because of the great sales price. I'm so glad I did - they are light weight, comfortable, and have already become a favorite weekend shoe. I've used them to run around with the kids and walk around the neighborhood. No &#34;break in time&#34; needed.
B00EDOR4L2 Good shoe true to size. The shoes are true to size. They look great and feel comfy. I would say for myself I'd use them more as an everyday comfortable wear shoe more than a running shoe. Although, maybe I haven't broken them in enough for them to feel like a good workout shoe. Doesn't seem to have a lot of cushioning.
B00EDOR4L2 Very awkward fit The shoe looks exactly like how it looks on screen BUT I was very disappointed with the fit.It is not too big or small BUT very very uncomfortable. It is not suitable for running at all and gives a very lumpy feel. Also the shoe is narrow at the toes and I lose feeling after a while there. The sole is also kind of hard. It is quite heavy and uncomfortable shoe and in fact slows me down while running.Did not expect such a poor product from Puma.
B00EDOR4L2 looking for a daily wear shoe to give good support and deal with a heel issue This shoe fits the bill perfectly.  The heel cup which is built in addressed the issue I was having with some heel pain.  It is a comfortable, attractive, well fitting, well made shoe.  And as a deal of the day, was priced right :~)
B00EJP6M9K Snazzy little shoe! Gotten great compliments for this shoe.  Fits great.  Dresses up nicely or goes with jeans or shorts.  I have another pair with a blue side on it.
B00EJP6M9K Great Shoe Looks great, and fits great.  Haven't been wearing much, because of snow, so can't wait till spring to start wearing it.
B00ETHZV2M Puma Not exactly what I thought, but this had nothing to do with Amazon. I was looking to replace a shoe that I bought a while back. I thought the shoes favored. I still like my purchase.
B00ETHZV2M Five Stars I love the simplicity of this shoe. It's slim and sleek.
B00ETHZV2M Good They are a good shoe, for regular use, but I'm a walker/jogger and these are NOT athletic shoes.  They are more of a sneaker style office shoe.  They're a lil weird in that aspect but still comfy.  I will keep these for work but invest in a better pair of athletic shoes.
B00ETI0GFI Nice Shoe Very nice shoe, And comfortable ! Only wish what they came in more then four colors. I think I'll contact PUMA and ask if they can produce more colors.
B00ETI12AG True to size but wide for PUMA I like to buy PUMA brand shoes for my youngest daughter and myself, we have very narrow (long) feet and they generally fit us quite well. I picked these shoes up in a size 9 1/2 for my daughter who is generally between a 9 1/2 and a 10, she loved the shoes* but her toes reached the very end of the shoe. I thought they were pretty cute too and since I am somewhere between a 9 and a 9 1/2 myself, they fit perfectly. The only issue is the width of the shoe, they hang open a bit on each side and so the inner fabrication (not to my taste, more to my daughters) is visible. I kept the shoe because I got it on Amazon's &#34;My Habit&#34; for thirty dollars less than list price here. I thought the shoe, even with the fit issues, was worth it for that price. I took a star off here for the fit issue and then another star off for the shoes being overpriced at this time.Recommended with above reservations*One more item of some interest: my eldest daughter (she-of-the-normal-width-foot) thought these shoes looked &#34;Grandma&#34; because of the front flap. I didn't get that vibe from them and neither did the youngest.
B00FEM4CQC Great shoes, but order one size up!! I usually wear a size 10D in every style of shoe that I own.  However, after reading the reviews on this shoe I made the decision to order it in size 11D.  Happy to say that it was a good decision as they fit perfectly.  So satisfied that I've ordered the same shoe in white.
B00FFM13OA Super light Fits true to size! Overall good shoe
B00FJC0LZI Puma FAAS 1000 I selected this shoe because the reviews stated that the shoe had a lot of cushion and since I just had a total knee replacement I need that.  The shoe fits relatively true to size (maybe a hair on the large side but ok).  The cushioning in the shoe is good but not exceptional as compared to some other brands.  The color and styling of the shoe is good and I get compliments wherever I go (but that's not the point ).  The plastic cross lacing that the shoe has is annoying and does not allow for a tight fit across your mid foot/ arch area.  Overall the shoe if functional and is good for walking and moderate running but  if you are a serious runner I would recommend another shoe and probably brand altogether.
B00FJEONXW Very satisfied Got them really fast in a few days very satisfied with the shoe good color scheme although size is an issue I am originally 10 in a half but had to get 11 and they feel a little tight
B00FJEONXW Comfortable and stylish shoe one of the most comfortable shoes i've ever worn.  kind of euro stylish - not normally my style.  It fits more like a shoe or sock rather than a sneaker which is what I thought it would be like.  Other than that, great shoe.  I also love the little bmw emblem (much better than the ferrari one :P)
B00FLZ02DY Great soccer shoe Great little soccer shoe.  My son loves the big puma & colors
B00FM8GG8U confused what is the difference between toddler and kid size  .. I ordered 3.5 toddler .. the shoe arrived with 3 1/2 kids
B00G4CZDDM Looks Great... These shoes are worth more than what I paid for them.  Great price for a great looking and fitting shoe.
B00GV3GRJI They are a good looking shoe and he says the fit and feel ... Bought as a gift for my boyfriend's birthday. They are a good looking shoe and he says the fit and feel are excellent!
B00GV3GRJI great shoe I can never find my size in womens shoes and so I got these instead and love them. These are the best working out shoes that can be worn in public that I found.
B00GV3QS4M Excellent The shoe looks great, fit well and are comfortable. Great buy!
B00GZIT7UU Four Stars Best shoe liner I've bought to date
B00HCMTOJW Love, love, love I am not a tennis shoe wearing girl, so these are perfect! They are really feminine and is a compliment to any outfit. They are true to size and really comfortable. Initially I thought they were going to be too much, but they are a great alternative to the typical white or black shoe.
B00HFPV44O All the shoes I ordered are worth it Puma is always a great shoe. I love Amazon not just for little things but buying shoes here, saves me money and I get my free shipping with prime. I've been to the mall maybe 6 times this year and glad I found these at the price here because the Footlockers, Shoe Warehouse, etc wanted much more. I got a great deal.
B00HHLBDF6 I LOVE this shoe It fits like a a glove. I supportive yet light. this is the BEST sprint shoe I've ever orn. The EVO model KILLS my right big toe. Puma, please bring back the Theseus design.
B00HTANBSM could be better I I like the design on the shoe and I like the shoe very light and I like the mesh on the front end but the shoe is listed as a cross training shoe on the website but the shoes says that it is a running shoe and where the white mesh ends and the pink design start the s titches on the inside of the shoe really uncomfortable on the little toe and hurts a lot, the shoe is not too small or too big it's just that design.very disappointed about that because the shoe cost way too much money for that to be happening
B00I9GTJMM Great shoe.. Size is right and shoes are very comfy..
B00IAE2F4M What size is listed shoe? Doesn't say anywhere. What size is listed shoe? It doesn't say it anywhere. How am I to know what size the does are?
B00JWYXRHI Gorgeous shoe I love this shoe and have received multiple compliments the first day I wore them! They are so comfortable and stylish. The color is beautiful. Pumas run small so you should order them a half size larger.
