B0009PQ8XO Excellent Service Love how easy it was to order, unfortunately I ordered the wrong size twice but had no problem returning purchases for credit.
B0009QGPPO perfect very pleased with the shoes. size is true fit. I m a size 10 for walking shoes but in puma soccer shoes i always find myself comfortable in a size 9.5. very soft and lots of grip
B0009QGPPO On big side. Wish I could have ordered a half size down. It's important that soccer shoes are snug but not tight. Nice shoe though.
B0009QGPPO Great shoes Buy a half a size bigger than you need.Great shoes very comfortable great for wife feet recommend they will buy another pair when these wear out
B000FPLEOG Too big You need to order 1-2 sizes smaller than your normal size, these things are massive boats.  It doesn't matter if you have other Puma shoes in size X, go size X-1 here.  Pretty mad that I wasted $40 on shoes I can't wear now, but that's what happens when you buy Amazon.
B000FVZ1YE nice - no problems with the size Just got 3 of those in - very nice, very soft, and fit as expected. Was a bit worried about the size since some reviews say these come in sizes to large; I got the medium size, and they fit perfectly (I am 5'11" - 170lbs - jeans size 32).UPDATE: Prize just went up from $9 to $17 - I just wait for the prize to come back to normalUPDATE: A negative vote for my review can, in my opinion, only come from someone who has an interest in customers paying as much as possible for this item ... hmmm, who could that be?
B000GCDBXU Get half a size larger It is a fine pair.  I suggest when you order, get 1/2 size larger.
B000HAWJ66 Wrong size has been sent I want to return that item because I received a wrong size. Since now i didn't have a chance to contact to the seller, I hope someone can help me to change this item with the right size that I ordered. By the way I ordered size 11 and got something like size 9.
B000LQVB9W Great Puma product!! I bouthg 2 polo puma and are great, the size are great my size is medium and 100% cotton very fresh to look and wear anytime, i recomended 100%.
B000ND0V0I Puma Turf Shoes I've been wearing a size 12 for almost 30 years, so I ordered a size 12, but couldn't begin to get my toes in it.  I have normal feet (no wide width shoes in my closet).  This shoe was incredibly cramped at the toes and loose at the heel.  I boxed them back up and sent them back to Eastbay within an hour.  I'm now out $26.90 for shipping (to and fro), and don't even own a pair of shoes yet.
B000ND0V0I Product not the problem I really like the Puma Shoe but they sent me a size 9 instead of a size 10. We did not notice this until today when my son went to put them on and they did not fit. We have already discarded the box so now we are stuck with a pair of shoes that he can not fit. Shoe is great just watch the company in which you purchase it from.Best regards
B000P3ZQ0G Feels great. It looks a bit better than I thought actually. The suade is full and soft. I like the detail on the shoe but the best thing is the fit. Even though I had to try one on in a Puma store to get the correct size (I actually wear 10-10.5 but had to get a 11). Apart from that,it was a little snug at the first wear then about an hour after, was perfect. Ihave them on right now!!! Plus you can't beat the price. My only advice would be to get at least a half size bigger than you actually wear.
B000R4XHRC Love the sneaker!!! Love the Puma GV Special. Very comfortable. Every company shoe size is cut differently, with Puma they are half size different from my actually foot size. The sneaker is very slightly big but it work for me.
B000R4XHRC Need a smaller size I LOVE THEM!!!!But I need an 8.5.May I please exchange them?
B000R4XHRC good buy TTrue to size looks just like photo alive green but not to bright true to size!!! Even better price would love to buy again!!!
B000R4XHRC The fit was perfect. He wear a size 10 I purchased the shoe for my husband and he loves them. The fit was perfect. He wear a size 10; however, he went up 1/2 size based on past experiences with the Puma brand.
B000R4XHRC from kamicka byrd i did not asked for a size 3 inmy sneaker i asked for a size 7 so im send them back and need a size 7 please how long do it take to get it back when i send it back o need my sneaker to be back by saturday
B000R4XHRC Size Chart The size chart for women was not clear. The sizes you have listed are for men only. I still plan on getting the shoe, in the right size.
B000R4XHRC Finally found GVs again! Fit like all GV's always have. I had to go a half size bigger. was happy to get these comfortable shoes again.
B000R4XHRC Real cool! The shoes are dope! Fit with no problem and was the true size I ordered and needed. They shipped on time as promised and are truly comfortable after times of wearing them.
B000R4XHRC Puma Men's GV Special fashion Sneakers, Amazon/white My husband loved these sneakers. Great fit. Would recommend. But do get a bigger size from your original size to feel better.
B000REX1DW Great delivery and perfect item I received my item within a week, and it was in perfect shape.  The item was new, no shop-wear, and packed as if it had just come from the factory.  The Puma box was packed inside a larger box that had packing material to protect it as well.  I would definitely use the store again.As for the shoes, they fit narrow and/or short for many, so ordering a half-size larger than normal might be necessary.  I order in the same size as I get my other shoes like Nike, but they are definitely less roomy than other brands.  However, they feel and look great when you're properly sized.
B000REX1DW best shoes on earth I love these shoes this is the second pair i have owned and the only one i will,(unless they come back out with the game cats again,)this are bar far the best looking shoes out there im always getting stoped and asked who makes them and were can they get em, I highly recomend these shoes the only thing is order a half size larger they run a little small per size
B000REX1DW Favorite shoes of all time Amazing shoes, may not be for people with wide feet since it has a tightly snug width. As a reviewer mentioner, do order a 1/2 size larger than your regular shoe size for the most comfort fit because these do run just a tad small. These are the most comfortable shoes i've ever worn. Perfect for driving and very comfortable to walk around for an extended amount of time. Wore these around NYC and got a lot of looks. I have two pairs these black ones and the blue ones.
B000S6Q7VC i like them I want this shoes in size 7.As soon as possible..can youth look for my size ..is a gift that i really want ti give away
B000TD48QA Awesome! I saw these at the Puma store and they weren't available in my size.  I absolutely love them.  They run 1/2 a size smaller and I had tried on my actual size, which is a 9.5, at the store and it was very snug.  So I knew to order the 10.  They're definitely one of the cutest flats I own and I get compliments on them all the time.  You can't run any miles in them but for they're perfect for kicking round town.
B000TD48QA Uncomfortable I first purchased my size which was 9.5 but it was too tight. So I returned it and go me a size 10 still to tight. i used it for a while but gave me blisters on me feet. YOu have to order one full size up.
B0013KES18 Love Puma, but had to return this one. First of all, the picture on this review is wrong.  Not sure if you are all seeing the right picture.  I ordered this shoe and it was wrong in two ways.  One my fault, and one not, but I still got stung with return shipping.  I had made the mistake and ordered this soccer cleat, which isn't appropriate for most junior leagues.  They want the soft turf trainer cleat, so they don't hurt the other kids when they kid. I'm not sure who would actually allow this shoe in a junior league, so what's the point of making them?  My major problem was that they were too small.  All of my daughter's shoes are Puma, so I am confident about her shoe size.  She is currently in an 11 and we ordered a 12 for room to grow or for the big soccer socks, but the 12 was REALLY tight.  I think that's the makers fault.  Please be consistent with the size!  I returned them for a soft cleat in a size 13 and they are a bit big, but better than too tight.
B0014DWEEC bad the article stated that I was a size M but I stay huge, but size usually buy that I do not keep this all.without embardo thanks for fast shipping.
B0014DWEEC nice As good as most Puma track jackets only cut kind of big. Had to return  item for a smaller size.
B001B4WUVQ So comfortable They fit true to size.  These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned!
B001B516CE to small really short size they got it all wrong -This i nice looking shoes, but that dosen't matter is the size is not right , this shoes are really shoes and for the technical point it has all wrong, they are short of size like one size, don't get in this shoes i give my to young brother he 10 my size is 11 so do the math it is really worth it? not really stay  away from this shoes, ship people pay double, don't for get that
B001B51W64 light running shoes I got these a month ago and i am happy with them, I suggest getting 1/2 size bigger....
B001B52UFG Excellent looking shoes - a little bit tight even for a bigger size then my normal size They look really nice. Very comfy and as you expect white shoes, they would get dirty quickly. Other than that, I would recommend these.
B001B52VLO Nice These shoes are really nice. I got many compliments on them. They are comfy but kind of stiff at the beginning. They run true to size.
B001B52YSO Run small. I might have liked these, but I could not wear them.  I ordered and recieved what is my normal size, but I would say they were a full size too small for me.  Unforunately, the next size up is considerably more expensive, so I'm not ordering replacements.  I am very disappointed,
B001B57ZN8 cute but order up these were very cute and i normally wear a size 8.5 in all shoes...however these were pretty snug, almost painful to walk in. if you purchase these i'd recommend ordering a half size up.
B001CHCQBQ Excellent product Good looking and comfortable shoes.  Order 1 size larger than normal dress shoes.  Not suitable for extensive walking.
B001CHCQBQ Puma sizes You really need to order Puma shoes one or one and a half bigger than your actual size.
B001CHCTMC Very nice shoes! I love Puma shoes and specificly these (i have a pair with grey tones) but the pair i ordered were too small (i looked at the size in my grey ones) so i had to send them back. Everything was sorted out really fast and the money was send back ecually fast but look for the size is really a good thing. The shoes are great so no bad thing there!!!
B001CHCTMC Careless CSR i was sent a defected sneaker all three times, plus a wrong size. I had requested an 8 and was sent a 7.5, agian. first 2 orders they took care of it prompt but i havent heard anything from them in a week and have been emailing at least 6 times.
B001CHCTMC great shoes I love these shoes!  The only problem I have is a few reviews said to buy a 1/2 size bigger than normal.  I disagree!  These shoes are true to size and I wish I had gotten my regular 9 instead of 9 1/2!  Other than that, I love them; very cute and comfortable!!
B001CHEOW0 Looks great!  (but size runs a little small) I bought this item for my husband who usually wears a size 7.  But when the shoes arrived, they were too small on him.  So I bought a pair 1/2 size bigger and they were still a little snug.  But now they're ok on him.  (I also have a pair of Puma that is half a size bigger than my usual.)  So, if you're planning to buy these, order them 1/2 a size bigger.  Other than this, the shoes look great and they're so light too!  My hubby's very satisfied.
B001CHEPW4 great shoe love them! look better in person the pics don't do them justice. only thing one review said the shoes fit big so i bought a half size smaller. bad idea,sizes are dead on. they still fit but tight. going to get my size very soon.
B001CHEPW4 Great shoes overall The only shoes I buy when i want to spend money on shoes are Puma.  I got them in red, and they are really red.  They look darker in the pictures, but these things are bright.  Which is cool because i wanted some bright shoes.  The only problem i have with them is that a lot of times the sizes are off.  I have around 10 pair of pumas or so, my sizes range from 8.5 to 9.5.  I usually wear a 9.  I ordered these in 9, I probably should have ordered them in 8.5.  I think from now i will not order Pumas over the web, because I never know if they are going to fit right.  My suggestion would be to order them a half size smaller, but that may just be me...
B001CHER90 Caution on size I am a size 11 on most shoes but when I ordered the Basket II in size 11, my foot was very cramped. I was able to return it and get a size 11.5 and boy what a difference. Beautiful shoes!
B001CHG1YY The real deal! These shoes are effin sweet! If you wear retro jordans, buy these 1 size smaller, ex. 10.5 jordan, buy 9.5 Puma!
B001CHG1YY Why do Guys always get the nice sneakers?!! These are awesome! And they fit just right. The seller was great as I had to ask if I was getting the correct size as yes, girls, these are men's shoes, so you'll have to get them I the size equivalent to your normal women's size. I'm normally an d8 to an 8.5 in women's so I got the size 7's in men's. They are stylish and got great with my outfits. I'm already thinking of getting another pair or so in the future in different colors. Which is odd for me, as I've never been that type of person to have several different colored shoes of the same shoes just to match my wardrobes. lol. Let's hope it doesn't get THAT bad, but I definitely will get at least one more pair of these!
B001CHG1YY A Pleasant surprise I read other reviews before ordering and ordered a half size larger. I'm barely a 10.5, ordered an 11 and they fit well. Probably could wear a 10.5 but these are fine. They're well made and comfortable right out of the box. I suspect I'll order another pair because they seem to have become my &#34;go to&#34; shoe for daily wear. Recommended.
B001CHG1YY puma is the best Sent them back cause they were to big but I love them... I'm gonna reorder them soon, but in a smaller size now.
B001CHG1YY Puma  Roma sizing? I have 2 pairs , one all black and one all white ...bought them a while back but here is the thing ------you need to order a half size bigger if you have a wide  foot......
B001CHG1YY Classic Pumas I haven't had a pair of Puma suedes in years and, this was the first time I have found my size: 12 1/2. It would be great this size was available in other colors; not to mention other styles: Romas particularly. Are you listening Puma reps??
B001CHG1YY The right size I misinterpreted the sizing with my first order. I did not understand that the women's size was listed first. I have since made the appropriate corrections and obtained the correct size. I am however still waiting on UPS to pick up my first order to return back to you.
B001CHG1YY size Love these shoes but always go a half size bigger for best result and comfert.  Eother way Puma suedes are the best!
B001CHG1YY Good looking, well constructed, classic sneaker, however shoe ran large. My husband usually wears an 11 in most shoes he purchases. Since previous Puma styles we ordered ran very small and narrow, we went to an 11.5 which fit him like a size 12. His foot was swimming in it. So we decided a half size down, his actual size 11, might still be too big and exchanged for a 10.5, which seems to fit just fine.  I guess i would go with a half size down from what you normally wear. I wish Puma had a more consistent sizing for their sneakers. They do make a great looking mens sneaker styles. We gave up on a couple other Puma styles. This shoe style seemed to be more like an average mans foot size based on some of the reviews I had read.
B001CHG1YY Awesome just BUY A SIZE LARGER! Great shoes, fit my feet like a glove. I wear a size 9 in converse and size 91/2 in most other shoes. Bought size 10 pumas twice now and both times have been a perfect fit. My shoes also came with two different color laces (white or cabernet) which is cool as the white are the classic fat lace. Anyway great shoe ready to hit the streets.
B001CHG1YY Very comfortable shoe! I ordered this to have a shoe I could wear to work, but also wear outside of work. I am on my feet and walk quite a bit for my job and these have been very comfortable to wear all night. They look very nice and come with a white set of laces as well if you wanted to change them out. I normally wear about a size 11. I ordered these in size 11.5 and they fit great. I would order them again and may get more in different colors.
B001CHG1YY Return I love Puma shoes.  On initial order size was wrong.  Might have been my fault, but pretty sure I didn't order a size 10 since I haven't wore that size in 15 years.  I tried to exchange.  Style was out in my size (12).  I returned and was shipped back to me without an explanation.  I'm very upset with Amazon over this and will probably not shop with them if this isn't corrected.
B001CHG1YY Wonderful! I ordered one pair for my boyfriend, but made a mistake on the size. The men's size is on the right of the drop down list, don't know how I messed that up. But luckily I have an 11 1/2 yr old who fit them perfectly. They are so wonderful that I ordered two more pair in blue and black; one for my boyfriend and one for my 13 yr old son. Will be buying more in different colors very soon!
B001CHG1YY MISTAKE I AM A GIRL!BUT THIS SHOES IS FOR MEN!!!AND THE SMALLEST SIZE IS 39!!!STILL TOO BIG! I HAVE TO DO RETUREN!
B001CHG1YY Very comfortable Ordered one size up and fit was perfect. Great shoes
B001CHG1YY Be careful of the size Order arrived on time and in good condition. I love these sneakers. However, just as other people have posted, they are quite a narrow sneaker and a little small. I usually wear a US 10 so this is what I ordered. However, they were just a teeny, tiny bit small. I tried them on and wore them around the house for a couple of hrs (so I could still return them if need be) and they were ever so slightly pinching my toes. Whatever size you typically wear get either 0.5 or 1 size bigger.
B001CHG1YY size should have gotten a half size bigger or my feet need to lose weight,other than than that its what i wanted. had that old school look nice sneakers
B001CHG1YY Unisex fit does not fit right I love Pumas and this is my 3rd pair but when I went to order more in my size the color choice was nil, so I went ahead and order the unisex size recommended to me, well needless to say they are too big all the way around. So I recommend for the ladies to stick with the women's sizes to get a true fit, Still love my Pumas , just next pair will be ladies fit only,
B001CHG1YY My cool Puma Suedes I orded one size larger than usual, per the reviews. Perfect fit, although they are a bit narrow for me. I couldn't seem to find these in stores and would have never found a size 14 elsewhere. The price and Prime shipping made it just what I was looking for.
B001CHG1YY I ordered size 10.5 I ordered a size 10.5. I received a size 9.  They do not even come close to fitting me.  I was extremely saddened by my purchase and will never order shoes again from Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Love it! Well, they arrived in time. they are gorgeous! Love them! I ordered size 7M / women's 5/5 (Peacoat) as my size is 6.5  I ordered half size bigger, they are okay, but prefer to be 6.5, my mistake, as the sneakers go to size to size. So, recommend to buy them according to your exact size!
B001CHG1YY Three Stars I usually wear size 12 but for some reason this was a bit too big.
B001CHG1YY Very disappointing I ordered a size 9 and I got a size 7 ..it was ridiculous after waiting for so long..I will not be buying shoes again!
B001CHG1YY Order slight upsize I ordered 1/2 size more than I do for dress shoes and they fit perfectly. Not a lot of sole cushion but these are for casual wear. Overall I am very happy with shoes and they are represented accurately on Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Wrong Size The shoes were sent at size 10.5 and not 12. Luckily my 15 year old son liked the shoes and size 10.5 fit him so we kept them. I clearly ordered size 12.
B001CHG1YY Beutiful I buy these for years now for my son.  He wears a size 14 and it is hard to find not so sneaker looking shoes for him.  Great!
B001CHG1YY Good to go I like then very much so I have to buy a new pair on size 10; in the end it was my bad.
B001CHG1YY I like the shoe its self But I would go up half a size because mine was a lil tight. The only problem I had was the size.
B001CHG1YY Gift for boyfriend.. He really wanted these shoes, bought them his size, but they were about 1 size too big...had to return and reorder. Process was nice, fast and reliable. Would definitely purchase again! :)
B001CHG1YY I like it I bought this shoe with size 6 female but when I got it, it was more like a size of 6 and a half. I can still fit it but it's a little loose than my normal shoe size.Overal the shoe is comfortable. Love the sole. But just becareful about the size.
B001CHG1YY I am surprised it is not true size, I ordered other size!!! i don't need money i need shoes!!!!!send me 9 us mens size!
B001E1EJ1U Little bit tight According with the size of my kid, I ordered this size, but was little bit tight. Any way I liked the design.
B001E1EJ1U Junnior but woked for me I have PUMA sneakers and get them where ever I could get them with discount. Those ones are perfect feat and funky colors just as shown on the picture. Description says blue, but I think it is more of purple/blue just as on the photo. The sole states size 4 1/2 which is my usual size with puma (I am 7). Before ordering, I went  to puma's official website and did size conversion and it worked. Thank you for the promotion on KIDS SHOES at that time I got them at very reasonable price.
B001E1EJ1U Too Small Ordered these shoes twice I had to size up 2 sizes in these. Adults sizes fit right kids not so much.
B001E1EJ1U Too big it arrived in time and new but it was a few sizes too big. Apparently the size charts were incorrect. My son hasnt used it yet. Waiting for his feet to get bigger.
B001E1EJ1U Excellent sneaker I love these sneakers, I've always wanted them so finally decide to order them. The only problem I have is they run a little bit smaller. I recommend ordering a half size bigger. Love them can't wait for the spring/summer so I can wear them.
B001E1EJ1U Comfortable old school classic sneakers #1 I'm a size 8 in womens shoes so in men & big kids I need a size 6, but instead I went for the  6 1/2  which is the 6.5 USA size n I'm glad I did it fits perfect I love it :-)
B001E1EJ1U Great shoes!!!! I love these shoes for my son.nice look with any outfit. They run small so buy 1/2 size up from regular shoe size.
B001E1EJ1U same shoe but cheaper than the regular gv special cute shoes. i wear a women's size 8 and got the big kid size 6 -- which is the same as a men's size 6 -- but about twenty dollars cheaper.
B001EIJJN6 Size was not published The size of the product purchased does not match the size of the product shipped. The packaging shows the size L and the product size is XL.
B001ELV4LS Couldn't agree more So looking forward to these new trainers.  Facility i play at its too long for astro-turf cleats and too short for outdoor cleats.  The Puma V.1.08 Trainers looked a great solution.  WRONG.They are designed for small, thin feet, with high arches.  I have arguably no arches/flat feet.  I wear normal soccer shoes Adidas/Nike in 10 - 10.5 US size.  As I write this i have a size 11 (US) and i can't imagine going to run around in these for an hour tonight.I would say if you have wide feet - go to an Adidas or Nike - too frustrating to return these shoes.  I sense I could have gone up another 1/2 size and they'd still be tight.They are great looking - the cleats are exactly what I wanted... just wished they had consistent sizes.So now I have to see if my seller will take them back.Puma if you're reading this... TAKE NOTE OF WHAT YOUR CUSTOMERS' ARE TELLING YOU!!!!!!!!!
B001H0EV7K Puma Flippy-Floppys Love these. I am a big Puma fan and this was my first pair of Puma flip flops after 20+ pairs of sneakers.I am reviewing this primarily to say that these are very slightly oversized. In the 24 pairs of Puma sneakers I have had in my time I have always been a size 10 (one 9.5) and they have always fit wonderfully. These flip-flops are a size 10 but fit more losely than I would have normally wanted. I am okay with that but I just thought I would throw that out there for people to know.
B001H0F2T6 A little different Due to one of the comments,I ordered one size bigger,the shoes don't fit good now. I'm ussually a 10 or 11,I got the 11 and the shoes are loose.I got the white/pink lady one,at the picture the stiches at the side are white,my shoes came with a red stich.I'm a little dissapointed,but the shoes still cool.
B001H0F51G Two Stars Good product but the size was wrong.
B001H0FU2U comfortable and light! I fell in love with these as soon as i saw them. They are mens but i ordered a size 6 to fit my 7.5 womens size. The sole is shock absorbant. I highly recommend this shoe for beach and leisure.
B001H0FX40 Okay Shoe - Best to Buy 1/2 Size Larger Pumas are great shoes and this one is super cute - old school.  But, it is too small for me - I should have purchased 1/2 size bigger but nobody told me that.  For that reason, I am only giving it 3 stars.
B001H0FYIU great sneakers! I wear these as casual sneakers. They are very cute and comfortable. I ordered them a half-size larger than normal and they fit well.
B001H0G0J2 flat sole, size runs small I love these shoes, very comfy, but there is absolutely no arch inside.  I fixed that by using Sof Sole 3/4 length inserts, which are very thin so they don't affect how the shoe fits, but have great arch support, and I can't even tell that I have anything in the shoe.  Also note, these shoes run a little small for size.  I definately had to go up 1/2 size, and I'm a VERY consistent size on shoes.
B001H0G0J2 LOVE.IT! I love my shoes. First, I ordered one directly from the Puma website. Then I discovered Puma sizes are too small. Like a size 8 (which I usually am on other brands) is small and narrow. I returned this purchase to Puma.I got an 8 and 1/2 from Amazon (which I discovered also sold these), it fit better. It was cheaper by almost $20 getting it from Amazon too! (Puma charges tax and shipping.)I suggest you get half a size higher than your usual.Surely though, this pair is comfy, pretty, and nice on the feet!
B001KYEDAS Nice shoe, runs really small. I ordered the red/white in a size 13 for my son for the school year.  He has several pairs of shoes in various brands that are size 13 and they are all big on him still, waiting for him to grow into them.  The 13s in this shoe came and he could just *barely* squeeze his foot into them.  Amazon was really helpful about returning them, really good customer service there.  I ordered them again in a size 1.  But even the 1s won't last him well into the school year.  They fit him perfectly now, not too big at all.  They are really attractive shoes and look like a good quality shoe.  So I would say get these shoes if you like the look, especially for the price (especially with the $20 off on $80 promotion going on now, I feel like I got these for a very good price here).  BUT, order at least one size bigger than you think you need.  Oh, also, I am impressed that the shoes came less than 24 hours after I ordered them (both times).  That's with Amazon Prime.
B001KYEDSA Excellent shoes! I have bought these in every size for my daughter whou is now a size 7. They run a 1/2 size big but they last and I get tons of compliments!
B001KYEL0A Love these little Pumas! I purchased these Pumas for my 3 year old and they are absolutely adorable on her! Very hip, yet functional. We bought them in pink, and the pink is soft pink...not the obnoxious barbie pink on many little girls' shoes. They do run a little short. We originally ordered them in size 8, which is what my daughter usually wears in other shoes. However they were too short, so we returned them and ordered in size 9. They fit great. Great shoes!
B001LDKDHU Worth the money This hoodie is so nice.  I got my daughter a size 12 which is a size larger than she usually wears.  It fits her great with room to grow.  It washes beautifully.  The color is true to the picture.  We will buy another Puma hoodie next year.
B001M4EAWW I have been wearing Pumas for more than ten years ... I have been wearing Pumas for more than ten years straight.  Nothing other than, for tennis shoes.I ordered my size and I could barely get my foot into this shoe.  Order large.
B001NXBT58 Cute tee I ordered this top for my daughter to match her new pumas. It was a fast delivery and was really cute on. It was also true to size.
B001OOMRYS MN THE PUMA WOMENS SNEAKER ARE VERY NICES EXCELLENT PURCHASE FOR ME, BEUTIFULL COLORS AND REAL SIZE, I LOVE VERY MUCH
B001OON2BA Very stylish, but sharp angle = runs unexpectedly small Purchased this item as a gift (black design on white background), upon request, for my boyfriend's birthday. ALWAYS wears a 13, without size deviation. This will be the first!The sharp angle to the shoe's toe (as it cuts across the toes of the individual) do make the size run a little tight or small, so when ordering, take into consideration trying the next half size up if available. Should solve any issues.We are sending back (go free shipping & returns!) and trying that next size for optimum comfort.Otherwise, this shoe looks especially attractive in its stylings, and would be very perfect in every way. Highly recommended!
B001OON6RU I WANT THESE IN MY SIZE! Bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday (he desperately needs new running shoes). ANYWAY, turns out they LOOK and FEEL so awesome he does not even want to wear them for that purpose! And I am so jealous now, I just have to find a pair in my size! The silver is the way to go for sure!!!!
B001OONCDS Love puma shoes The only problem is that you need to buy a larger number because the shoe is reduced, I'm size 10 and it didn't worked, so i had to order size 11 in order to fit me well.
B001P8VMCQ sizes are not listed correctly by amazon Just received these socks.  Amazon does not list the sizes correctly.  I ordered a size 6-7.5 for my daughter b/c site said it would fit shoe size 1-2.  On Puma package it says fits shoe size 5.5-11.5.
B001URVGZK Seems to run very small The soccer cleat itself seems like a quality product, but they were the same size as our Size 1 cleats- granted they are a different brand.  I would just think twice before purchasing shoes online the next time.
B001VH6Z5U Very good running shoes, they run a little small and tight in case you have wide feet. If you are a size 10 you should orden these in a size 11 so the shoes doesn't queeze your feet.
B001VH6Z5U incorrect size i paid for 8,5 US and they send me 8,5 UK wich is 9,5 US, they are boats for my feets!
B001VH7FA4 Puma's Great shoe..cute. Only dissapointment was that they were a little smaller than the usual...i never have a problem ordering shoes offline..i always wear the same size...however this is the first pair of Pumas i've got. i just wish i would've known to get a 1/2 size bigger. other than that, they were all that i expected.
B001VH7GVC Runs Small! Nice shoe, but you have to order at least a 1/2 size larger! I had to return these, but the company was nice enough to refund my shipping costs due to the size issue.
B001VH7HZW Very comfortable These sneakers are comfortable and have plenty of cushion. They look great but the only reason I didn't give them five stars is that they run about a half to maybe even a whole size small. Eventhough I ordered one size larger than my normal shoe size they didn't give me a lot of extra room. I couldn't have gotten a better deal since they were only $40!
B001VH81PM Love Yes, order a size larger! I ordered it in brown, it's too cute.I like it but it isn't GREAT quality.
B001VH8BCU Good quality but size runs small. Alright. So these are descent shoes. I love the style and it is comfy. However, one thing to keep in mind is that the size of these shoes run smaller than other Puma shoes. I have puma shoes that are 8.5B and they fit me quite well, so I ordered these shoes in size 8.5. BUT THEY DEFINITELY FIT TIGHTER and does not leave much space in both width-wise and length-wise.
B001VH8BCU Just as expected! What a great product!  The shoes are well made and are comfortable.  Buying shoes on line is "iffy".  In this case my daughter wears sizes 8.5 or somtimes 9.  I bought the 9 thinking if it was too big, she could wear thicker socks.  Turns out the be the perfect size, so plan on the shoe running about 1/2 size small.
B001VH8BCU Great!!!! Absolutely love my new sneakers! They are very stylish, and comfortable. Took other consumers' advice and got a half size larger than my normal size. The fit was perfect! Would recommend.
B001VH8DX2 I like Pumas but this size ran small... I'm a fan of Puma shoes because I like the style and comfort.  I'm a men's size 11 and my last 5 pairs of Puma sneakers have been size 11 with a good fit for me.  To me the Pumas I have bought in the past have fit me similar to Nike size 11 (close fit but not too snug).So I bought these Puma K-Street II on Amazon.com thinking the size 11 should be fine for me as it always has been.  Upon receiving the shoes I tried them on and they were very tight on me (my toes were bumping against the front of the shoe but the tightest spot was on the sides).  I walked around a bit and it felt like the shoes were about to burst off my feet so I put them back in the box and shipped them back to Amazon.So overall I give Puma shoes 4 or 5 stars.  For this particular case I deduct some stars for the strange fit on this model.I hope you found my review helpful.
B001VKXHP8 A little snug! Cool looking shoe, pretty comfortable and I love the reflective trim, but I ordered a 1/2 size larger than my normal size and it is still a little snug. Might be a good idea to try these on in a store, and then order them here.
B001VKXX20 Very easy exchange! I ordered these sneakers for my boyfriend and they were too small. I sent them back for a new size and had no problems and got the new pair quickly.
B0023NUR96 Great shoe order a size up! These shoes are great quality and super cute bit run about a size smaller. Great shoe just order a size up!
B002ACPK24 Trying to keep on my toes A little lighter than my other training sneaker. I'm trying to run on my forefoot more, and these are doing the trick. These sneakers run between .5 and 1 size small, so go up probably 1 size if your use to Nike or Asics.  I would buy these again.
B002C4KANY Order a half size down This shoe is super cute and comfy, but order a half size down. Unlike other Pumas that require ordering a half size up, these run a bit big. They are really cute and get a ton of compliments, but the heel does also rub a bit, making it difficult to break in quickly. Might be best with moleskin or some blister block the first couple of weeks.
B002C4KANY Fun shoes! These shoes are very comfortable!  I really like the color, they are great with skinny jeans or sweats.  I wear a size 7 and always order a 7.5 with PUMAS, and they fit great.
B002C4KG42 Puma is truly top shelf These are my favorite pair of Puma sneakers. These shoes are very comfortable, true size, and look great. Overall very satisfied. I can't wait to order a few more Puma Sneakers like these in different colors when their available in my size.
B002ECFBUQ love love love I love these sneakers! They're SO cute and comfortable. I did get a couple of blisters from breaking them in, but it wasn't too bad. I bought them a half size bigger because I had read a review that said these shoes run a little small. I think I would have been fine with my normal size, but the half size bigger was fine too. If you like your shoes to be very snug then buy them at your usual size, if you want a little room, get them a half size bigger.
B002EENB1U Cool shoes, but.... These shoes are really nice looking; look better in person.  The real problem here is that these shoes seem to run MUCH smaller than they are marked.  I wear a solid size 10 medium width, and in some shoes I can wear a 9.5M.I ordered the 10M from Amazon....and I found that the shoes seemed to be close to two sizes too small for me.They lack arch support as well.Not only do they seem to run smaller in length, but they are also equally smaller in the width.  I sent them back and ordered up 2 sizes to a 12M.This is my first pair of PUMAS, so I don't know if this is the norm for this brand or if they just had a bad production run.  Do yourself a favor, order up at least a size and a half and see what happens in your case.Addendum:  The sizing problems that have happened to others as well as myself have me wondering if these shoes might have been erroneously labeled in the "Mens" athletic dept.  (Not that I really care if they are womens or mens...if they fit, wear 'em.If this happened by mistake, it would explain the 2 size difference in the shoe that myself & others have found.
B002EENI40 Not bad just buy bigger size Shoes run small so just make sure you keep that in mind when buying them that you need a bigger size than you think
B002EENI40 Nice shoe I like them so far. However, I usually wear a size 10.5 but ordered a size 10 and they were still too big. Make sure you get at least half a size smaller than what you usually wear. I have two other pairs of Puma shoes and they are the same way
B002EL3G3Q SHIP WRONG Hello I,m Carlos ,  i have received a wrong shoes, because i thougnt THE SIZE 9M US  was for foot of 27 cms (Large)I' Did`nt Know there was another measure9 M US for little kids.But now i order an AVIA Shoes No. 9 for men,  i hope this measure is correct.Well i wan't to ask you if i can get the AMAZON Card,  but i need to know if i can cancel it  out of USA when i don`t use this card?Well i hope all is ok,  send us a address when i can sell this shoes if you know any customerHave i nice dayYour happy customerCarlos F.
B002EL3KQE wonderful I wish my husband ordered a larger size so my boy could have worn them longer!He loved the lights!
B002EL3KQE Puma My daughter likes it so much, she is happy with its lightsIt is the first time to buy shoes online, The size was perfect
B002EL3KQE comfy and fun These fit a little on the smaller size, so order half size up.  The skeleton of the puma lights up.  My kid said that they are very comfortable.
B002EL3KQE great but wrong size These shoes are great and my son loves them, but I received the wrong size, so in a short time they won't fit anymore, that's why I only chose 2 stars for this item.
B002EL3KQE Bummer!!! Ordered these light up shoes for my toddler grandson and received wrong size.  When I called to report error they no longer had a size 8 so I returned shoes.  What I did notice about these shoes is that they don't seem to have enough heel support which, I feel, is needed for an active toddler!  I would not recommend these shoes because of lack of foot support.
B002EL3KQE SIze runs way too small! I love the shoes, they are perfect but they don't fit my son.  He fits perfectly into a size a US size 8.  I purchased this shoe in size 9 and its really thight with thin socks.  Waste of 45 bucks!!
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes!! The shoes are small so you have to buy a size bigger. My son plays in these shoes everyday and and all I have to do is wipe them down and they look brand new.
B002EL3KQE cool shoes my grandson loves these shoes.I got the wrong size to start with,they run small so if child wears a 8 I would get a 9.
B002EL3KQE Good color and true to size but very hard soles The shoes look great. They are true to size. The insole does come out so you can see how they fit your little one. The sole however is really firm and the shoe is hard to bend (when compared with Stride Rite for example).Not sure they'll be comfortable for day-long wear.
B002EL3KQE Cool shoes! Run big.... The shoes run a size big. At least it won't take long for my little one to grow into them!
B002EL3KQE Very nice but the run small My daughter loves these....  Once we exchanged the first pair for one that's a size larger than what she normally wears.Kudos to Amazon for offering free returns and even paying for return shipping.Bottom line, you can't go wrong with these even if you order the wrong size.
B002EL3KQE get a size up, but get it! Definitely the coolest light-up shoe for kids out there. My nephew loved it! His folks told me to get a 13, but I got a half size up on the recommendation of other reviewers. Good choice, I think I could have even gone up a whole size and he'd be able to wear it. Not sure if he'll be able to grow much with these. But I can get him another pair next year!
B002EL3KQE If the shoe fits... well made, My daughter loves the light up action that makes puma into skeleton. only 4 stars as size is slightly small. I ordered 1/2 size up and it fits just right to a tad snug for her feet.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes My son loves these shoes.  They are his second pair of light-up Pumas.  The sizing runs small, so order at atleast a full size up.  For example, I purchased my son two pairs of Puma Speedcats in a size 10 and he needed the light-up Pumas in a size 11.  The quality and colors are good and we have been very pleased with Puma.
B002EL3KQE Like it The size a bit smaller than actual size.if you do buy,choose one size bigger.My son loved it,he doesn't want to wait for me to change a bigger size,oh,well ,I will order another pair when he out grow them.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes!!! I bought them two size bigger than I should have because there was no availability for my sons size. I figured he would eventually grow and fit the shoes, still waiting for that to happen. Eventhough they are big for my son, when they arrived he loved them right away! He wanted to try them on and was really excited because they light up! I love this shoes! hopefully he will grow to fit them soon!
B002EL3KQE My son loves these, but  Order 1 full size up. As long as you know to order 1 size up, you are good to go.My 2 1/2 yr old was wearing size 9 new balance, and ordered these in a 10 toddler. While maybe they are a little larger they fit well and he "Loves" them. People actually ask about them when they see him cuz there aren't many shoes that light up that are as light, and "cool" as these.Highly recommended
B002EL3KQE made very small for size.  I bought a size 9 but is smaller than my daughters size 8 nike shocks. The shoes are very nice and really prettyg.  I was very dissapointed when I put them on my daughter and they were smaller than the size 8 nike shocks she has.  And she was so excited to put them on because they lit up that I couldn't talk her out of wearing them.  so now we are stuck with 53.00 toddler shoes that don't fit.
B002EL3KQE so cute! These shoes fit my son perfect! He wears a 9 in the Made 2 Play brand shoe, I got him a size 10 in the Puma shoes so He would be able to wear them a little longer and they are a perfect size, not too big but still room to grow! The light up puma is awesome, when they light up you can see the Pumas' skeleton.
B002EL3KQE Pumas My daughter loves them and thinks she's super cool in her new pumas. Fit true to size. Colors very vibrant.
B002EL3KQE Size problems, but she loves them. We ordered our first pair in the size our granddaughter wears, but they turned out to be too small. After returning them and getting one size larger we gave them to our granddaughter. Her school is, &#34;The Parker Pumas,&#34; so they were perfect to begin her second grade year.
B002EL3KQE Very cute, need to order a size or 2 bigger than usual The shoes are very cute and my 2 year old loves them. Didn't want to take it off. The only thing is it fits him exact, so it does not seem that he will be able to wear them for long. He normally wears between 6 & 6.5 so I really thought by ordering the 7 it would have been bigger. Was a bit disappointed by the size but really love the shoes especially how it lights up.
B002EL3KQE Soooo happy with it! It fits just right. Even though I don't quite understand the size chart but I got it right because we had another PUMA shoes before so I just get one size bigger. Gets dirty pretty easily, as expected. But looks really cool!
B002EL3KQE Kids love 'em The cat lights up and the lights look like the cat's skeleton!  Are you kidding me?  My kids love these shoes, and my oldest wishes she could get a pair in her size even though she's WAY beyond wanting light-up shoes.  True to size, fit well and comfortable according to the wearer.
B002EL3KQE These are great sneakers!! My son loves these and thinks they make him run as fast as a Puma...I am planning on buying the next size up and maybe a different color to save for when his foot grows.I also read the reviews and followed their advice and bought a 1/2 size bigger.  They fit perfectly.
B002EL3KQE Super cute but a little tight My son's current Adidas shoes that he was growing out of were size 10's so I ordered the Puma's in size 11 (he's 3.5 years old).  I think that since they are a little narrower in the top that we should have gone up a half size or full size.  We got them in and my son loved them but we had to send them back for a larger size.  I ordered a size 12 so we'll see what happens when they get here.
B002EL3KQE great, durable kid shoes All Puma kid shoes run a size small as compared to any other brands we use (converse, DCs, etnies, some target brand) but I know that and order accordingly. My son loves these shoes. We have bought them in many sizes. Sad they seem to be going away
B002EL3KQE Love Puma shoes Order a size bigger than normal If child has a wider foot.  I love these shoes for my 4 1/2 year old.
B002EL3KQE Returning for much bigger size! Adorable, but grossly off in sizing! Order UP! My sons Foot measures 10.5 and the 11.5 is not nearly large enough!
B002EL3KQE Love the look and the light The original shoe size that I had purchase was a bit too snug so I exchanged it to a half size larger.  Thanks to Amazon prime I received it in just 2 days.  My son loves it and the light up Puma looks really cool.
B002EL3KQE Great quality but runs small No complaints on quality!  Only be wary of size.  I always order shoes one size too big for my kids so they have room to grow.  These fit perfectly meaning these in size 9 and whT I would expect from a size 8 in most other shoes.
B002EL3KQE Love the look but...... These shoes looked fantastic and my son loved them, only problem was (and even though i ordered them a size bigger than norm) they did not fit. Im not sure if its just the 'tight fit' style of the shoe or i got the sizing wrong. Im tempted to buy another pair as we thought the shoes were awesome but am abit weary that they wont fit again. All in all a great product but just make sure you order 2 sizes larger then your childs regular size.
B002EL3KQE Go up 1 size! My daughter loves the shoes, loves how they light up...but the size is a tad bit small. I suggest when buying this particular pair, go up 1 size. Other than that...they are nice.
B002EL3KQE I see I've confused with the size I see I confused with the size tableBut I think, I fault. I'll try to understand more better for the next timeThank anyway.
B002EL3KQE Don't use the shoes table size I got the Puma sneaker, however, the size I ordered was not the size I was looking for my kid, according to your size table. I measured my kid's feet as you recommended and it simply didn't work.The thing is that send back the sneakers to make the change is more expensive than the sneakers itselfMany thanks for this wonderful experience
B002EL3KQE regretful Definitely not true to size.  Order one size larger.  My son cries every time I try to put them on, but he wore them already so I couldn't return them.  :(
B002EL3KQE Order at least one size up I am giving this product a 4 star only because it runs small. You have to order at least a size or, in my case, a size and a half bigger.Other than that, these shoes are great. It provides great traction for when my toddler is racing around, even on smooth surfaces. The puma logo lights up on impact but it is discreet and is definitely not an eyesore.
B002EL3KQE For my Boy I bought this for my 20 month old son because the design looked so great. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the PUMA lights up when he walks... Which is a feature that he LOVES. Easy for him to walk in and the shoe doesn't feel terribly stiff. We had bought Adidas shoes for him prior to this one and I guess my only advice for people is that the PUMA shoes do tend to run much smaller. He wore size 6 Adidas and I figured that buying size 8 PUMAs would be good and last us awhile but I don't think it will. Next time will buy a size bigger than my intention. Overall though very happy.
B002EL3KQE wrong size I buy from many brands shoes for my kid and this one does not fit well. Those shoes suppose to be a gift for my kid but now i can not give to him. How can I resolve this because I try to send it back but i can not , because I am in Afganistan  in a small village where i just can recive mail not to send?
B002EL3KQE Cool little kicks I ordered size 8 for my daughter and they fit snuggly (more snug than the other size 8 shoes I have purchse). I kept the pink (since I have 2 more girls who can wear them) and ordered these with pink and purple. They are sweet shoes. I don't care much for the blinking red dot shoes. These have puma skeletons that light up white and are sensitive enough to light when walking. The girls love them (I bought blue/purple for my 20 month old). I would order at least 1 size larger when ordering to ensure your child can wear them for a while.
B002EL3KQE Beautiful. The light in the puma is more beautiful than I expected. Great for school, but select a size too big
B002EL3KQE Sizing is a Problem I've never written a review before, so here goes:  my son just turned three, and he ordinarily wears a size 8 (with a lot of room).  I read the reviews and ordered a size 9.  When I took the shoes out of the box, they seemed a bit small, but I thought that might be an exterior rather than interior issue.  My son tried them on, *loved* them, and insisted they were perfect.  It was only after a day of wearing them at preschool that he came home and told me that his feet hurt and that his teachers said his shoes were too small.  So I can't return them, obviously--and it's now looking like I'm going to buy another pair, a size up.  Needless to say, I'm resentful.  I do realize this is my fault for not sending them back immediately.  Nonetheless, if I had this to do over again, I would buy a different brand.  If you do decide to try these, consider going up two sizes rather than one.
B002EL3KQE Good light weight Good light weight shoes. Fit one size smaller than other brands like Nike / polo. So I bought size 2 for my son instead of 1. The jaguar lights up on the sides.
B002EL3KQE Light up Sneakers Done Right My son loves these sneakers, I have always hated light up sneakers, but not for the reason you might think -light up sneakers are usually very heavy and stiff and I never buy them for him no matter how he cries. But thanks to PUMA they have made these light weight and stylish, you seriously cannot go wrong with Pumas. These are kid friendly shoes.  They do run about 1/2 a size to full size too small, so order the next size up. The navy toe and heel reduce the amount of scuff marks too.
B002EL3KQE Ran small I loved the shoe overall , but it was a size smaller. the size 7 fits my toddler perfectly and she refuses to take it off her feet once she wears it! Its super comfy as well
B002EL3KQE fantastic sneakers My son loves these sneakers.  they are exactly what the description says.They do seem to run on the small size and are narrow so my adviceIs to order one size bigger.
B002EL3KQE Great item Great item, size fits as expected. I am addicted to puma brand, i always use it for my kids and will not think of changing the brand
B002EL3KQE Don't buy this sneackers This sneackers are too beautiful, but I bought a 12.5 little kid size and  they sent me another size that I ordered.
B002EL3KV4 Very Nice Looking shoes not too much to say, they're lovely, they run 1 size smaller, so for example if your kid wears size 9 , order size10.
B002EL3KVE Shoes run Small - Size up possibly a whole size Love these shoes, light weight, grandboy loves them.  Stylish.  But they run small!  a half size to an entire size different smaller than other shoes I have purchased.
B002EL3LZE Happy with my choice Value for money.  Highly recommend this product.  This is my second pair in another size for my son.  Think I will just continue to buy the next size up!!
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Those shoes are great, they are very easy to put on and off especially for kids. I think I will buy same model when we grow out of them.However, their sizes are smaller, I think I should have purchased at least 11.5 or 12 instead of 11 that I did.Pay attention to size when you order them.Other than that - great shoes!
B002EL3MCQ Very Cute but size runs big The shoes are very cute!! they arrived early!! BUT the size runs small... my daughter is in size 5 toddlers now and i ordered size 6 but they really seem like a size 7!!!
B002EL3MCQ Had to go up a size, but nice shoes These are the cutest little pumas ever.  My son was a size 8, but the 9's arrived and seemed to be about the same size, so went up to a 10.5. The return was quick, and we both love his new shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes but they do run a size too small Purchased for my 7 year old son. He fits comfortably in a size 2.  The size 3 I ordered in these shoes just fits him.  Not a huge problem but very important to know when ordering.  He really likes the style and they appear well made.
B002EL3MCQ Order a size up I ordered these for my 3 year old daughter, and I also ordered myself a pair of Pumas. Both were too snug in our regular sizes.
B002EL3MCQ Size issue Size is little small than what it says if a kid wears size 2 they should get size 3 over all rest is good
B002EL3MCQ Wrong size very poor service, I bought a size and they sent me another, was a gift for my daughter and she was sad
B002EZZNPQ Simply love Pumas I absolutely love Puma shoes so as far as I am concerned they can do nothing wrong. The shoe is great and the service was super fast. The shoes run a bit on the bigger size so take that into account when ordering.
B002EZZP1S I like it Very comfortable  shoes. Usually I buy size 8, but Puma I ordered 8 1/2.
B002KAOLGC Unexpected great service I ordered these shoes in size 10.5 and they were too small. I have never returned an Amazon purchased item. It was amazingly easy and no cost and the next size was sent to me in two days and arrived on the day I shipped the smaller pair back. The new size fit perfectly. The most significant part of the transaction to me was buying clothing items for the first time online. I always worried about the problem of returning items that didn't fit, would it be too much of a hassle? I was very pleasantly surprised with the process.
B002KAOLGC real nice true to size great fit...puma has always been my favorite brand... I'm wearing it right now :-D cheers. thanks much.
B002KAOLGC Great Shoe I ordered a half size up because I prefer to wear shoes with a bit more room in them so that my toes can breathe. These shoes are true to size as far as I know from my purchase. They look great, and are long lasting (if you use them as casual shoes). I will buy these pairs again if I am of need of new shoes.
B002KAOLGC 12 Didn't have a size 12 so I got a 11.5. Snug fit, hard to get used to at first, but good shoe.
B002KAOLGC small size but the only thing that I found these shoes was the size I believed it was 7 1/2 but I was 8 1/2, so other super original model was a good leather and canvas for a skater.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes I bought these for my son. He loves them. The size seems to run a little small though. I probably should have ordered a half size bigger.
B002KAOLGC Love these... The shoes were a gift for my boyfriend and he really liked them, but they were a bit narrow so we tried to get them a half size bigger but there were none available. He really liked the style and quality. I will definitely buy these when the right size is available.
B002KAOLGC Good shoes Some other Pumas I own were smaller than the size I normally wear so I had to get a half size higher. Thinking that I got a half size larger here thinking I'd be smart. Wrong! Thankfully these are normal sized shoes. Unfortunately I can't return them because they only make certain size and color combinations. I just stuck some of the paper that was in the shoe back in to fill out the extra space and make a snug fit. Problem solved.Another issue with one of my shoes is the thread securing the back of tongue to the shoe broke. Luckily it's attached via some stretchable fibers on the side so it doesn't come off, but I'm surprised at the build quality, that's why I knocked a star off. But I like the shoe's look so I'll keep them.
B002KAOLGC Worth it My boyfriend so needed new sneakers.  Yay to this find.  Delivery was before expected and the product was exactly how described.  Happy with this find.  Just wish I was able to order more colors!  These sold out quick in his size!  If your size is still available... just get them asap!  :)
B002KAOLGC I hope it comes with 7.5 The best size that fit me is 7.5 but I bought the size 7 this time, which is somewhat small. But it is all OK, though not that comfortable as a 7.5 size.
B002LKZBYW These run small! I haven't even gotten to wear these yet, so it's hard for me to rate them.  But, I ordered my normal size and these are just tiny.  So, I'm about to exchange these for a larger size before I can FINALLY give them a shot.Make sure to order a half size up!
B002LKZBYW Half size bigger is too small I wear a 9.5 in dress shoes but 10 in athletic shoes. I heeded the advice of the previous review and ordered a half size bigger. The 10.5 is too small in length...yet the shoe slips a little in the heel. I am not spending more money on shipping trying a larger size.
B002LVUZN8 small in size I wear size 6.5 the reviews that I read helps a lot. I ordered size 7 and it fits. perfect! :)good looking shoe!  I have the yellow and red in color.
B002RFQJD8 Try a Half Size Up. The heel area of the insert had to be trimmed because it curves upwards pushing your feet further into the shoe.  This made for an uncomfortable fit and I believe a size up would have been to big for me.  It fit better after it was trimmed, but it still took some time for it to break-in and there was a bump in the toe-box area that gave me a blister.There is good feel with the soccer ball, but the fit issue superseded any good characteristics the shoes had for me.  So try a half size up as it has a smaller fit.
B002RFQLU4 shoes I picked these shoes up pretty cheap. They are good shoes, not great but good. I usually wear an 11 or sometimes 10.5 depending on the shoe maker. The Puma's seem to run smaller so order at least a half size bigger.
B002U0KV16 Snug but sublime These shoes do run very snug, but if one size up is available I highly recommend them. The grip is fantastic, the color is not an odd shade as it appears in the picture, and they breathe very well. Remember to add a full size when purchasing, maybe one and a half sizes if they are for casual wear rather than for soccer or other indoor sports.
B002UJTPGY Returns OK, I didn't fully read the return policy but the size ordered was too small and I just found out that I need to pay return shipping on top of the shipping I already paid and then I'll need to pay shipping on the new size ordered.  With all the sites offering free ship/return, I think Street Moda should rethink their policy.  I will not purchase from them again.
B002WC87O0 A bit too small... Got this pair of shoe in a size 8, my regular size, and it fits very tightly. Got another pair in black, size 8.5, fits like a glove. My advice: take it a half size bigger if buying.
B002WTBF6K slides great item! I ordered them in a size that I normally wear in sneakers, and found them to run a size bigger than the sneakers. excellent foot wear tho. recommend this product completely
B002XNIUFO cool shoes My 10 year old son loves these shoes.  Puma's are the only brand that he will wear.  He normally wears a size 2 and I ordered the 2 1/2.  They fit great and are actually a little big.  They are comfortable and easy to slip on and off.  I would order this style again and would recommend them to anyone!
B002YD8KIK definitely purchase one size up This shoe is great. It feels very comfortable, breaths well, and is the right balance of solid support and soft cushion. As someone pointed out to me before I purchased these, always buy one size larger than your normal shoe size when it comes to Puma brand shoes. I guess that's just how they roll.
B002YD8KIK Puma sneakers review Great product @ very good price! First impression wasn't that great since i thought that the actual size doesn't match size described, but after an hour of running, they became very snug and comfortable! Highly recommended.
B002Z12RU8 LOVE THESE!!!!!!! absolutely love them! love the look and the feel and they definitely work with better movement and are very light weight..I ordered these for zumba and they are awesome...i am waiting on the black and pink to become available in my size so i can order them as well...I normally where a size 5 1/2 and ordered a 6 and they fit perfect with just enough room for my toes to breathe!
B002Z12SV6 :( Not the sellers fault, but there sizes ate strange. I'm a size 9 ALWAYS, & these size 9's were too small. Again, not the sellers fault.
B002Z12VKO Real fashion statement! Very nice shoes, looks great on but the shoe is very very narrow. If you planning on ordering them i suggest you order one size bigger than what you would usally wear (IF you wear a size 7 go for a size 8 instead). Still a great shoe, great fashion statement.
B0030BFF5Q My favorite running shoes I love these shoes.  They are comfortable and a good value for the price.  I originally bought as my dedicated workout shoe, but when I wore out the padding I retired those to daily around town shoes and got a new pair for my workouts.  So obviously I think these are great shoes.  On a side note about sizing, if you wear a half size, go for the size up instead of the size down.  I am a true 10.5 and the 11s fit great, and I recall that Pumas tend to run small.  In terms of color, I have the grey/pink/yellow and also the black/grey/purple and like them both.
B0030BFFIS Buy a larger size than normal! I bought these in a size 10.5. I wear a size 10 in any other shoe and most sneakers. They're half a size bigger than my usual size and fit really snug. I'm hoping they'll stretch out as I wear them. They're really comfortable other than the fact that they squeeze my toes a bit when I first put them on.
B0032NVJU2 Pume must put  some size regulation I bought a 11 size (im 10.5) thinking that will be a littler bit big for me.... and my surprice was when i test them and got small!
B0036FTA0M size really nice and convinient but the size is a little bit larger. 9 us = 42 eu
B0037KMNAU Loved the shoes, wish I hadn't bought wrong size I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved them but upon further inspection we had to send them back because they were about half a size too big. I can say these shoes are definitely true to size because he can usually wear a 9 or 9.5 just fine but the 9.5 was uncomfortably too big.
B0037KMNAU Defective I have owned these 4 times. AND loved them every time. But the last two pairs I ordered were extremely stretched out in the heel and didn't cling to my foot at all. Really disappointed. This seller also sent me the wrong size...even though the box had the right size on it. Quality control much?
B003AU4OTK lttle kids puma Lite weight and extremely comfortable.  My son loves the puma sneakers because they are so lite weight he feels he is not wearing anything.  Only thing is they run a full size small so make sure you add a size up in your order.
B003C0WRLK sizing chart The shoes was perfectly fine and nice. What made me crazy was the available sizing chart which was completely wrong. The converting between US and UK sizes was not as on puma standard. For example: on the website, the chart indicates that an 8.5 US shoes is an 8 UK shoes and when I received the shoes I was shocked that the 8.5 US was actually 7.5 UK where it did not fit my size. This really annoyed and bother me a lot.Hope to correct amazon charts with the items standards that will be for sell.Regards,
B003EE49VA Really cute but narrow and a little small I consistently wear a size 10 shoe with no issues, sometimes 9.5 if they are open toe.  I purchased these shoes in a size 10 and noticed they are sized slightly smaller and narrower.  They do offer really good support though and I'm hoping with time they will give a little and fit more comfortably.
B003EE6F6C Great Sneakers Great Sneakers, my kid loves them and says that he has the same snakers as dad. im thinking about buying the same model in the next size.
B003EE7NMW Great looks, but too small I really liked the idea of the Ferrari badging on the side of these eye-catching shoes, since I'm a car nut. Generally, I wear between 10.5 and 11.5 (US) for shoes, so I figured ordering these PUMAs in size 11 would be sufficient. I was quite mistaken. They were very cramped, and my toes really pushed on the end of the shoes. I quickly sent them back, and am waiting for size 11.5s, which I hope will fit just fine...because the 12s are $30 more! All in all, these are great looking shoes, but I'd suggest ordering them one size larger than the smallest size that you can fit into, otherwise you really won't like the fit. So keep in mind that PUMAs run small.
B003EE7NMW Love it!! I've been looking for this shoe everywhere! I looked on zappos.com and it was $100! They did not even carry my size. I found this on amazon and bought a size 5 since I wear a 6.5 in women's. It came home and I was absolutely delighted! They fit perfectly and were everything I had hoped for!Hoped this helped. :)
B003EE7XGS My son normally wears a size 9 or 10 so ... My son normally wears a size 9 or 10 so I bought a size 11thinking it will fit him for a while but it fit him really close.
B003EE7XGS Mix up in the delivery, I suppose. My little boy is due for new shoes unfortunately I received the wrong size. A size 7 was to small. So I returned them for a full refund.
B003EE7XGS Very disappointed I order a 3.5 and I received a 3 half size too small the box said they where 3.5 but the sneakers said they were a 3 inside the sneaker
B003EE7XGS The size was small The size I have received was smaller than I saw in the size table.... the matter is that the size table is different that the size that I can see when i made the purchase....
B003EE7XGS Too small but very cute We ordered a half size larger than her current size, but unfortunately they were too small.  She's a growing toddler, so this happens. I wish we could have gotten a larger size, but there was not one available.
B003EE7XGS tricky size chart I wanted 22cm sneaker and the chart posted said it was US 4. However the chart is not for this shoes. I realized this when I receirved the product....
B003EE9MQM Not True to Size The shoes are very cute, but I ordered an 11 and they were smaller than my daughter's current shoes that are a size 10.  I would go at least a full size larger than you'd normally order.
B003EE9O4W Size up Cute but too small. My son is an 8 1/2, so I ordered a 9. The 9's are smaller than his Stride Rite 8 1/2. If ordering again, I'd size up one size.
B003EE9O4W Adorable! Order up a size or two! These shoes are adorable! Bought them for our 14 month old. Originally bought one size and had to exchange. We had to go up 1.5 sizes. As other reviewers said, these run really small. But they are super cute and great quality!
B003EE9O4W check your size My kid loved it but it fit some what small. Will need to get a bigger size. Also, need to check his size to ensure right order is placed.
B003EE9O4W LOVE! Fit true to size, easy to put on! These are great shoes.  They fit true to size and are very easy to take on and off.  I ordered them a half size bigger so my son could wear them longer and grow into them.  These are super light weight and not clunky at all.  I would highly recommend these shoes and the price on amazon was awesome at $25, who can beat that for pumas!
B003EE9O4W Almost perfect. My daughter loves these new Pumas. They seem to be high quality and are definitely cute on her. But they are really at least a size smaller than the tag suggests. We got her sauconys on amazon at the same time in the same size and those fit great.  I recommend these pumas but definitely go up at least one size.
B003EE9O4W True to size I ordered her current size in sneakers.  However, the puma's were too perfect and she probably wouldn't be able to wear them longer than a couple of months. So, I returned them and went up a whole size.  Now they're perfect.
B003EE9O4W Puma Cabana Love the color, but my daughter is a size 9.5 got the Puma's size 10 too small :( I'll probably get her the 10.5!
B003EE9O4W pretty but way too small My daughter wears size 12 (little kid) and I ordered 12.5. I was surprised when I opened the package. The shoe box was really small. Indeed the shoes were way too small. This pair is the same length as a size 11.5 which my daughter is wearing and shorter than her size 12 shoes. Since PUMA is narrow (not as wide as regular medium), it is tight to fit into. If you want to buy it, go up at least 1 size.
B003EE9O4W Very cute but Small These sneakers are really cute I got them for my daughter she's 4, she wears a size 11 now with some room, I ordered the 11.5 her big toe was all the way at the top. I exchanged it for size 12 fits so much better. They do run small get a full size bigger if you want them to last a while.
B003EE9O4W Adorable Shoes, Colors Just as pictured These shoes were very cute, the colors are just as pictured but I got a size 4 for my daughter and I thought they would last her a while but they were somewhat small for her. They fit her size 3 going into a 4 just right. I was hoping they would be just a little big for longer wear.
B003EE9P14 Puma Shoes I love these shoes. They are very comfortable when walking. The size I bought was a little larger than the size I use, but that's no problem, I really like.
B003EE9P14 Wrost item I've bought on amazon I bought these in a size 10 & I got one shoe 8 1/2 & the othe 9... I'm so returning these...
B003EEBF80 shoes fit kind of big I got these shoes for my mom. She normally wears 7.5-8 and we bought size 8. These shoes were somewhat large for a size 8 and it kept coming off because there is no strap to hold the feet in. Not the best pumas I have purchased. The reddish color is a little darker than how it is pictured. Not the best quality.
B003EEBGQQ Puma Turin Very good service!  Love the color of the shoes, but the fit is true to size could have ordered half inch bigger of my size but overall satisfying!
B003EEBGQQ Ultra Comfortable I love these shoes, the "cells" are really comfortable for walking and running. Pumas tend to run a half size smaller for me, so I always get a half size larger. I have a pair of Nike LunarGlide 2, and these Pumas are even better.
B003EED7Y0 wrong size note these sneakers is smaller in one size. that sneakers I have a gift to a friend. I recommend  think about when choosing the size.
B003EEH7NM size large Size chart to compare and select the right size have a different description of de size to select in the product.
B003EEH7NM I want them in my size My husband wants the shoes in his size because they are so adorable and durable on our 1 year old. These shoes take a beating with crawling, walking, dragging, climbing and playing at the park. They are easy to put on and take off.
B003EEH7NM Good quality shoes Very happy with my kids new shoes. I bought them a half size bigger as he's 6 and growing and size is never certain on Internet purchaces. He wears size 11 boots and shoes and these will last as his new indoor school shoes. Made very nicely, very good quality materials. He says he'd like red ones next time. I might order another pair of pumas for outside.
B003EEH7NM Run big Run a little larger than other Puma styles if the same size. Be prepared for them to be big but very cute .
B003EEH7NM A little bigger Sizing seems to be a bit longer than the 8 that we bought.  Nice shoes and great look.  Easy on/off with velcro, but be careful on size.
B003EEH9LW Run very big, more for boys, cute I'm on the fence. I bought these for my daughter. Online, they seemed ok for girls but in person they're styled more for boys. They ran big for a size 12, even though my girl is almost there (size 11 1/2). I ended up giving them away as a gift for a boy, and they loved the sneakerss! Thus the reason I gave it 5 stars, money well spent either way!
B003EEHDQ8 Good shoes but on the smaller side I got these and another brand in same size and these were really snug for her compared to other one. The shoes do look great and comfortable but we had to return it. I suggest getting a size or two bigger.
B003FZ9DXW shoes run a tad bit big The shoes are just as it describes, but you may want to go down in size when ordering, as they seem to run big.
B003FZ9TYA check sizing Very comfortable and well made. Light as a feather.  You have got to try one on somewhere before ordering or else you will be returning it many times.  I take a size 10 in sneakers but in this one an 11 1/2 fit me.  I was able to try one on in a store before ordering one on line (it is $15 cheaper on line).I also bought a Drift cat II and I had to get a size 12 to fit me.  They both are great sneakers and very cool looking.
B003FZ9TYA Awesome sneakers Stylish, comfortable, and lightweight sneakers that I wasn't able to find in any store. The shoe is a bit narrow, but the length is good. Like others have said, order half-size to a size bigger because they run a little small.
B003FZGOC0 runs big I love the shoes but had to return them because they run big. I wear a 6 but they only had a 6 1/2 in pink so I ordered it and they were extremely big. I actually think I could fit in a 5 1/2.  The shoes are nice and very comfortable I actually got the same shoes for men for my husband in another website and he also loved them but his were true size.
B003FZGOC0 Nice Shoes These shoes are very nice.  They look nice.  Lots of compliments.  They do run small and fit snug at first however they do stretch out a little.  Order a bigger size.  I should have gotten an half size bigger than what I normally wear.
B003FZJWW4 Pay attention to the size I always buy shoes from Puma in size 10.5" and decided to buy this model at Amazon. Luckily I went to a mall to compare prices and could try a similar model. To my surprise, the 10.5" that I use for years was tight and I had to choose the size 11". I ended buying it on Amazon because it was cheaper and besides this Puma sizing problem, I have absolutely no complaints.
B003FZJWW4 Not properly sized I love PUMA brand sneakers.  Unfortunately, this style did not meet my expectations.  They were nearly 1 size smaller than the other pair I have which is the same size.  I was very disappointed.  If you like them and are able to get them a size larger, do that.  Unfortunately for me, there is no larger size.
B003FZJWW4 waste of money The size chart on the webpage is erroneously advertising size 9 D to match US size nine as a wide model. After reading the reviews I got one number bigger. However the shoes I got are really narrow and short (even though I got them one full number bigger).After all the negative reviews the seller should add a note so we wont have to waste money on shipping back shoes.
B003IPY3UM Too small The socks were a nice style, but they barely fit my feet (I wear a size 12).  This product would be better suited for children or women - or tiny men.  LOL.
B003JY9QZO Great but i couldnt wear them i ordered he wrong size..too big Great shoes...just too big for me! Decided i needed to get myself a pair of white shoes. so i thought PUMA!!. Ordered it online, shipped fast and before you know it, it was here and I WAS like WHOAHHH size 13?!? Holy Cow I cant wear these But hey Great service , would recommend if you wear their sizes
B003JYGRGA Great style but too tight (fit that is) Old school style is great but these shoes run on the small size by at least one half shoe size.
B003LY4O9K Super awesome Felt a little smaller than the true size at first.Very light and very soft with good stability. A great pleasure to hike and run with.
B003LY4OSQ Great shoes Bought for my 13yr old son. He loves them. They are gorgeous shoes. Well made and TRUE to size. I wouldn't hesitate to order again.
B003LY51Z6 Nice shoes True size, I ordered in 9,5 and they fit great. I used them every day and they are really nice.
B003MAJWCW Size They are slight too big, but will be fine, I bought them for my daughter so maybe she grows some.
B003MAJWCW TOO BIG I had bought a pair these puma shoes before in a size 31/2, but they were a little to tight, so I was told to try a bigger size because they are made really small, but these were't So they are about 1 1/2 size to big..
B003MAJWCW Sent the wrong size I wear a 5 1/2 and was sent a 6 1/2Very disappointing and was told that a 5 1/2 was not avaialble
B003MAJWCW Puma I purchase shoes for my aunt who is very happy with them, she wears a size 51/2 and this was the only place that I could find this size.
B003MAJWCW I love these shoes! They fit perfectly. I remembered to purchase one size larger than my original size, since Puma shoes run a bit small. Overall, I am satisfied.
B003MAJWCW comfy! These shoes are so light, very comfortable. They make my feet look small, not easy for a size 9! Runs just a touch big, will order a half size smaller next time.
B003MAJWCW Half size too big Laces feel kind of cheap and it's a half size too big.  I also got a pair in black, which fit a little better, but are still a bit big.  Comfortable enough, with decent support.
B003MAJWCW Awkward fit These shoes do not fit well around the ankle.  I originally thought the first size I got was too small (my toes were touching the end) but then I went up a size and the ankle gaps no matter how much I tighten the laces...bummer they looked so cute on line :(
B003MAJWCW had to return for larger size I usually wear an 8 but bought 7.5 because of previous reviews. I returned them for 8.5 and they fit great. Fast and easyreturns I love Amason prime
B003MAJWCW These shoes run big. The shoes run big. I wanted to return them, but could not reach the seller. So I had to keep them. They are just sitting in my closet. I cannot find anyone that fits in these shoes. I ordered a 6 and I should have gotten a full size smaller, like a 5. They are pretty, but just way too big.
B003MAJWCW Good Fit Comfortable Shoe It's impossible to find anything over a size 10 puma in retail locations and even though I am usually a size 10, I am not in Puma. So buying a size 11 was a little bit of a risk (size 10.5 was out of stock.) Needless to say, these fit perfectly and I am glad I had them to wander around E3 in.
B003MAJWCW wrong order I ordered a black n steel gray size 9.5 for my mom.....and i got what appears to be blue n steel gray size 8. I live in the Caribbean and its not that easy to send them back, so it was a waste of my money.If i had ordered them for myself they wudve been a great fit.Amazon needs to be more vigilant in dealing with peoples orders.
B003MAJWCW True to size I wear them all the time.I'd recommend buying them.They are exactly what you'd expect.There  are no surprises here.
B003MAJWCW Cool shoes! I love this shoes, love PUMA!! They look awesome with jean, shorts, leggings, sweat pants. They run true size (at least in my case, size 8 heels and all puma footwear I have) a little bit narrow but not a big issue.
B003MAJWCW I needed a men sneakers I tried to change but it was late already, my size is 11 but because it`s a female sneakers it`s tight.
B003MSMI2K Puma I loved the appearance of the shoes but they are a bit too narrow in the front.  I wear a size 9.5 and I always go up a half size just in case they aren't wide enough.  I did consider getting a wider size shoe, but they wear out of stock.  I would definitely buy a EE size next time, but I'm satisfied with my purchase.  Only time will tell as to the durability of the shoe!!!!
B003S3SX6E I don't know who to blame this on As I had read in other brand's reviews, the sizing is off. First of, too narrow. Second, it says it is a 12, but I believe it is 11.5. I have other Pumas, Adidas, Reebok... all of them are 12.Is this a manufacturer deficiency. I think so. Is it a retailer problem. I think so too... if this is a known issue, why is not taken care of somehow?. For instance, talking to the manufacturer, or, suggesting customers to request a size larger, etc.You may ask: why did you not ask a size larger then, if you knew the problem? well, the issue seems to be just for certain makers/models, so, what if I buy a size larger and it turns out that it actually fits too big? can I complain?. The answer is NO. So, I preferred to ask for the (supposed) right size, and hope for the best... but it didn't happen. Now, this retailer specifically didn't want to exchange or refund at no cost; I had to pay S&H.; So I returned it and lost ~$10.Next time, when it comes to shoes, I'll go for Amanzon's FREE RETURN. No retailers. At least not the retailers who haven't figured out yet how tricky buying shoes is online, and the need for FREE RETURNS for shoes.
B003SX0QUK Cute but small We really like this pullover, our daughter especially. Cute design, good weight, etc. For our 9 year old daughter who likes athletic clothing and for my wife who still wants her to look like a girl, this pullover was a good middle road solution.The only downside is that we ordered 3 sizes (each time a size bigger) until we got the proper fit. If you're ordering one, order up a size.
B003U6ZTK2 Don't fit true to size. These are just as cute in person as they are online; however, they do not fit true to size.  Most toddlers have little chubby feet, and these shoes are made for skinny feet.  The length even seems to be a little long.  They will not stay on my daughter's feet for more than 5 minutes before falling off.  I purchased them in size 5 for my 18-month-old (whose weight is in the 50th %-ile), so I'm hoping sometime between now and 24 months, her feet might lengthen and slim down a bit so that maybe these will fit.  Not sure that's going to happen, and if not, these will have been a waste of money.
B003UBTTLM Cheap Too narrow, hurt my feet. The bigger size i got, the longer they got so they are not true to the size
B003UBTU7K Great for begginers!! Shoe laces always get loose. Change them if you can. It great though! I am a size 8 in women shoe size and I got this in 6.5 children's size so it will be cheaper. This was the cheapest pair of soccer shoes I found online for my size. Geat quality for the price you pay. Doesnt break easily. Veru durable. Your feet fits snugly inside it. My only complaints are the shoe laces. I always have to tie them every 30 minutes or I have to make a knot after making a ribbon. Wear thick socks!! Kinf of hurts a little when I run for a long time. Maybe also because I have huge feet and Im an adult lol and these are children's size pair of shoes.
B003ZJ8KKU Good buy Good shoe for the money. Hard to find a decent SpeedCat at the right price these days.Sizing seemed a bit large for Puma; I usually need a 1/2 size larger than true, but in this case the true size would have been fine.
B003ZW2FJO Run much bigger then expected Way too big had to return and get a smaller size. The quality was fine, i wish there were more variety.
B003ZW2FJO Love these Sweats I bought these for my husband recently as he never buys any sweat pants. He loves the fit and size, they are very true to size and look great. He loves the new zippered pockets and they fit lose but still comfy.
B00416BXUU Great Sneakers These are very comfortable sneakers.  I had to order a half size bigger than I normally would though... Very cute style.
B0041D8LMG perfect The best hand bag I have from PUMA .. The size is just perfect, not too big not too small. You get crazy with all the stuff you can put inside hehe but it still has a normal size. I really like it
B0042AN2K4 Love them I got these a while ago and I'm very happy. they look great, and are comfortable. However if you plan on ordering them, and you're American, or perhapsfrom some other country in the Americas, be prepared to order it a size larger than what you normally wear. I love Puma's ingeneral but I always end up having to do that. I generally wear a size 12 on most brands but here i order a size 13.Setting that aside you wont regret getting these shoes. I might just get another pair just because i like them that much.
B0042AN4C0 comfy cool Great shoes. Comfortable and cool style. Like most Puma shoes they run a size small. Order one size bigger than usual.
B0042AN4C0 Good looking shoes. I usually wear a size 10, but ordered a half a size larger based on complaints about them running small. I have a normal width foot so I only went a half a size larger. These shoes do fit pretty narrow as they were designed to be a driving shoe.
B0042ANAQA Size Info. I got these in size 10.5 (almost impossible on sale) and for those of you who wear a 10W and find that "normal" 10.5 are too long, these are just right.  They are a bit short for a true 10.5 so the additional width makes them work.  Overall, the finish and materials are great, once you get past a German shoe being made in Vietnam.
B0042ANF6K 2ndtimer bought these for my husband because they looked nice.  He loves them, however he says they are a bit tight at the toes.  He ordered a half size up from his shoe size so be careful! Good quality as well.
B004324566 Not "Fleece" I bought the grey puma set size 12 months for my 7 month old son.  They are very cute and fit great.  They are a wonderful thick cotton material, BUT not fleece as the adertisment says.  I kept them anyways. Not a huge deal, but it is the reason I am giving them a 5.  I would say they are true to size, if not more similar to a size 12-18 months compared to other brands (I have a tall baby).
B00439GBOS size way too small than standatd The shoe is awesome but the size is not standard.I night a size 10. Normally I wear a 9.Even after fencing the insole it hits my toenail.Considering to sell it on Craigslist.
B00439GBOS Cool shoes. I like em!! Great shoes! They look cooler on the picture, but when I got them I still liked them. Worth the money. It's just I got little bit confused when I had to choose a size, because I have addidas size 9 and they feel the same way as puma size 9.5. Be careful before buying those.
B00439GCEM Good product Great item, I ordered a half size up from my regular size and I am glad that I did. Very comfortable shoe.
B00439GCEM Happy I ordered!! I am always leery of ordering shoes online because I am very finicky and would prefer to try them on first...but I am happy I ordered these!!  I read a couple of reviews before I ordered and was surprised the ones that said they were true to size and fit wider feet were true!  I took a chance because I have wide feet and I like a lot of toe maneuverability so these shoes worked fine not to mention they are very pretty! (I got the grey color)
B00439GCEM Love these Had to exchange them for a smaller size and even still the smaller size is a little too big, but I didn't want to exchange again, so I'm happy with them.  The shoelaces in the first pair were really cool, and the second pair were kind of cheap, which I found really strange.
B00439GCEM Nice shoes but they run big These shoes are quite comfortable, but they run big. I am size 8 and ordered them in 8.5, as some ladies indicated in their reviews that they run small. For me, it was quite the opposite. I returned the shoes and ordered half a size smaller. Hopefully they will fit. The soles are slightly raised in the middle which gives them a slightly different feel. The heel feels a bit too low for me. Overall, nice looking shoes, but order them in your size, as they run big.
B00439GCEM True to size Loved it! I bought the black, now I want the grey, I love swede! It is true to the size, very confortable.
B00439GCEM cute black athletic shoe I normally wear a size 10 but know that Puma's run small, so opted to get a half size bigger. Glad I did- they fit perfectly.
B00439GCEM Great but order 1/2 size up Shoes are great. They look even better in person.  But order a half size up. They run small.  I will be returning these and getting a bigger size.
B00439GCEM LOVE these shoes!! I had sketchers shape ups and another pair of really old sketchers shoes (since 2006) and just got sick of wearing them, they were big and bulky and heavy, not to mention that they were really out of style. My friend has these shoes and said she loves them, they're cute, comfy and go with almost every casual outfit! I originally bought a size 8 (I'm usually a 8 or 8.5), and they were too big, but I was able to return then with no problems at all and exchange them for a smaller size.I could not be happier with these shoes!
B00439GCEM it is small I requested size US 8, should be size 39, I got size US but the size is 38.50it is small for me.
B00439GCEM Size I replacing a grey pair I have and ordered the same size but these were a little larger.  I bought the others in a store so was able to try.
B00439GCEM 1st pair of Puma's for me...definitely not the last! Ordered these shoes 1/2 size larger, as I tried them on in the store and my size was tight.  Now they're a little roomy, but very comfortable.  I wear them all day on a jobsite with lots of walking, after a week they're already molding to my feet, love them!
B00439GCEM size down sent these back for a smaller size.  great shoes and wonderful quality, as puma usually is.  the laces are unlike what you are used to and can come untied if you aren't following through when you tie em up the first time.
B00439GCEM Weird fit & uncomfortable. Ordered size 7, was too small and exchanged to 7 1/2 and was too big.I ordered (my regular size 7) shoes/sneakers by "gotta flurt" that i never heard of before fits perfect. I FREAKIN LOVE IT.What's up with that? PUMA, u disappoint me.
B00439GCEM Wonderful I really love these shoes. I usually run a size 7.5 I'm women's, but I run a size 7 in dance shoes and these shoes for great. Very comfortable. And they were delivered on time.
B00439GCEM Bigger than expected I ordered my normal size however should have gone a half size smaller.  I wore then around the house to see if it was just me and maybe I needed to get adjusted to them. I wore them for 20 mins and the toe area scuffs up really easily.
B00439GCEM puma women's soleil suede sneaker,black/steel grey size too large.tried to exchange for size 9 told would have to return shoe and reorder.tried to reorder but price went up.
B00439GCEM Luv them Love them perfect size great color very good ill be buying more as long as they keep caring my size.
B00439GCEM ok shoe comfy shoe besides other reviews saying it ran small, so I got half a size bigger. well they are half a size to big.
B00439GCEM Not to Size Love the Shoe.  I usually take a size 11 in Puma.  Purchased a size 11 which were too big.  Returned for a size 10 which were too small.  Will keep checking for a 10.5.
B00439GCEM True to size I ordered 1/2 size up after reading reviews & could've gone w my regular size (same as running sneakers in other brands)... These fit true to size in my opinion. Really cute sneaker, I wear them with yoga pants or jeans almost every day. Wish the laces were elasticized to just slide on.
B0044F1OGG Buy a size larger I thought this was a good buy. Good looking shirt but the problem is I ordered an XL and it wears like a L.  Purchase the next size up on this item.
B0045EP77I Small for size, but adoraable I bought a size 4 of these for my 3 1/2 year old and they barely fit at all. She'll grow out of them soon. Having said that, they are adorable on.
B0049J57OM Light wonder... I am a moderate runner. I run about 30 miles in a week on treadmill.I bought these shoes for running on treadmill, and they are perfect.They are so light and comfortable. It is definitely surprising.The sole seems as thin but very supportive, no weight feel on heels.Inner ventilation is surprisingly well. They let the foot breath well.However, be careful about selecting the correct size when you want to buy these shoes.I wear size 9 1/2 D(M), but on these shoes, size 11 D(M) fit well.These shoes are just superb.
B0049J57OM i don't like it made a mistake with the size of the shoes, but the quality is excellent due to this failure I will give only 2 stars!
B004DKQY0I careful re size Great shoe; but as others have noted, "size matters".Have worn size 10,forever, but ordered a 9 1/2, per review advice. They delivered a 10, and it's too small! Probably should not have ordered a shoe like this, that has to fit just right, without trying fit first.My bad....
B004DKQY0I They're Great but too big I ordered my regular size & they're huge! What makes it worse is that there's no printer in my area is I can't print out the return labels. I'm so dissapointed. I should've picked a smaller size.
B004DKQY0I Puma's Great Design is Brought to Sprint Shoes This is a great pair of sprint shoes which have design and functionality. They make your feet look sharp, have smooth shiny surfaces, are lightweight, and come with solid spikes. Also, a variety of sizes is available so you are sure to find your exact size. If it is the first time you buy sprint shoes, you need to select a smaller size than that of the sneakers you daily wear. You may want them from 1/2 to 1 smaller in US sizes for good sprint performance. Overall the shoes are excellent. I am a big fan of Puma's sneakers since it has succeeded in producing sophisticated sneakers. If you are one of the sprinters who loves Puma, just get them.
B004DPKEJA Puma Golf's men The shirt is very nice good quality materials and stitching, the only slight downside is that the size of this store are great. For example I bought I measure 1.65cm in size S was too big and I like size M. Outside this small detail all excellent
B004DSLVGC Room at the top. The size is a &#34;true fit.&#34;  Often, I need a size 10 for my normally wide foot.  However, one doesn't have to worry about it with this model of shoe.  While I like the style, I will buy a 9.5 next time.  Otherwise, it's excatly as I wanted.  Comfort is worth modifying my overall satisfaction.  My advice to you is &#34;just order the right size for you.&#34;  Satisfied AL.
B004EWFKOQ o.k. Product I returned it because it was to big for my son. the waist is not adjustable. So the size that I ordered did not work.
B004GB0RZM Buy a size up! When these came in I was so excited because they look AWESOME and I was really hoping to improve my jumps with them; however, when I tried them on they were much too small for me. I'm going to reorder the next half size.
B004GB0SNS Fabulous! love it! wanted it! purchased it! got it! and rocking it!will buy it again!do have to say it was a little smaller than i thought i am a size 9 foot i bought a size 9.5 it felt like i was squeezing into a size 8 shoe, after wearing it for 1 day i was seriously considering returning it, i even went online and requested the return label, but i love it so much i decided to keep it and try and rock it out, so like on the 3rd the sneaker got softer and stretched out a but, on the 6 day of wearing it my foot slips right in without me pulling and tugging on it, and now its so comfortable. so i guess you have to be patient and break it in.GREAT BUY!
B004GB0TMI More sizes, please I want to know if the PUMA Tazon 4 cross trainer in white/silver/blue aster is available in size 12 from your site.  I have been tantalized for several days and want to order it--in size 12.  For now, only size 10 is offered.
B004GB0U6S Oh, darn! I really like this shoe- it's good-looking and lightweight. Although size 10 Pumas ordinarily fit me, these were snug so I returned them and ordered size 10 1/2. Unfortunately, they are still too small, my big toe is painfully crowded, but as I wore them all day the day they arrived, can't return them and only hope they will stretch. So be aware: this shoe runs one full size small. Order up one full size to be on the safe side. But they're so nice-looking that I can forgive them!
B004GB0V3A nice shoes These shoes look great. I bought them in the size that I wear all of my shoes. The problem is that they are indeed a little small when I wear them with regular socks. I have to wear thin socks with them for them to fit right. If ordering online, I would recommend either getting a half size larger or even going to the store to try on some Pumas to get the right size before you buy.***EDIT: Almost a year and a half after buying these and wearing them to work 4 days a week, I finally threw them away.  They made my feet hurt and my foot wouldn't even stay on the shoe, it would slide off to the side because they are so narrow.  Bad support.
B004GB0X8S Fantastic! Product was exactly as described, shoes fit brilliantly and are super comfortable. They are very sturdy and true to size. So happy with this purchase and will definitely buy shoes from this brand in the future!
B004GB0X8S wrong size on shoe right size on box I love these shoes so much. The only problem was they gave me the wrong size. O ordered a 9 and the box said it was a 9 but the shoes said 8 1/2 which isn't really a big deal cuz they still fit comfortably.
B004GB0XVA PUMA replicat III S This shoe is awesome! If you have long toes or wide feet I suggest ordering one size up! not half size up one whole size up. Lucky for me I didn't have to...at first shoe will feel snug, but after they are broken in you will LOVE them and they make any foot look chic! I have these short stubby small feet and the way they look with these on is great!
B004GB0ZW2 Great Shoe but Fit Small The shoes looked great coming out of the box. Seemed to be a high quality product for the price. They did have one downfall. The size 14 I had ordered were more like a size 12. Sold the shoes to my brother who ironically wears a size 12 shoe. I would recommend them for quality but order a size larger than needed.
B004GB1120 Very good shoes This is a very good shoes, i recomend it 100%. and the size is standard and is confortable, try to buy one.
B004GB11H0 GREAT, DURABLE, VALUE FOR MONEY!!! These are amazing and comfortable shoes. I would recommend these but the same precaution try to buy one size bigger than your accutal size and they will fit perfect. If you want broad toe then order one size big but in D category whoch means they are for broad toe. they look really good. I am planning to buy another one in same model.GREAT WORK PUMA!!!
B004GB11O8 Size incorrect in this size box labeled 9.5 but this 9.0 shoes, the shoes es spectacular but disappointed with the incorrect size.
B004GB11O8 I love it I love my new shoes. I can wear it on any pants like denims and chinos. 7.5 US size fits perfectly on my feet. I like the shoes released by PUMA nowadays. . .
B004GB1242 Very cool and comfortable. Shoes look and feel great.  Took a half size larger after reading another review and glad i did.  Don't know what it is with Puma's and Adidas sizing being a half size smaller than everyone else.  In any event, the color is exactly as pictured and perfect for cross-training wear.
B004GB1242 Love these shoes.... These shoes are so lightweight and comfortable, I love these shoe! My only complaint would be that the color selection is great, but most of them are not available in my size.  Speaking of size.... I had read several reviews on these shoes along with other similar style Pumas, and a common theme was that the can run a1 /2-1 size smaller. So I finally decided to go with the full size larger than the normal 11 I wear. I think that a  1/2 size bigger would've done the trick but the 12's are not too big. Would definitely recommend these shoes to a friend
B004GB1242 Grat retro shoe and true to size When ordering the Whirlwinds online, I was skeptical on what size to order after reading that Puma shoes tend to run small.  I ordered a pair in my normal size of 9 mens, and luckily for me, they fit really well. The Whirlwinds do run a bit on the narrow-ish side, but I would say that this model does run true to size.  Overall it's a great looking Retro shoe, lightweight and looks good worn casually with a pair of jeans or khakis. Cheers
B004GB1242 I almost cancelled the order... But so glad I didnt.  I thought I had the wrong size ordered but let them get delivered anyway.  I usually wear an 11.5 wide and these are an 11.5 medium and these are still, hands down the most comfortable shoe I've ever put on.  I will be buying more in other colors soon.  Great buy.
B004GB1242 Buy a size larger Shoes are good quality but they are sized too small.  Buy a size larger if you want to be comfortable.  Mine will make a nice donation.
B004GB1242 PUMA Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker,Amazon/White,10.5 D US The Puma Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker, Amazon/White, 10.5 D US.I didn't purchase the above for a distance running shoe, but for a comfortabe walking facility. Unfortunately, the 10.5 size should have been purchased in size 10. Still, it's (almost?) worth the money - as I'm wearing the above Puma shoes with two socks. It's OK.
B004GB140Y LOVE these!! These shoes are true to size and very comfortable to play in or just walk in, and very stylish, Awesome!
B004GB14HM Great but wrong size I ordered 9.5 size, but sent me a 11 one, i couldn't return it and gave it to my cousin, and he loves it, really good stuff
B004GB14HM Great look. Wrong women's sizing. The shoes look great but the sizing is wrong. The product page said it was a "Women's 6.5 / Men's 8." Too bad women's sizes are 1.5 HIGHER than men's, not the other way around. So for the other ladies out there, make sure to subtract 1.5 from the Men's size instead of going by what the women's size is listed.March2013
B004GB14HM Beacause of the size I chose a number 9.5 for women and I get a 11, man, I really loved that tennis but I can not use it because it doesn't fit me. I would like to receive me some tips of sizes to buy the next time, if I could.Thanks any way
B004GB14HM Super comfy and lightweight I love how comfy these are, and they are super lightweight, which is also great. The style is nice and not over the top.My only concern is that they're exactly my size, with zero wiggle room in the toes. My toes are right up against the fronts. I ordered my normal size in &#34;M&#34; (didn't even realize that - just noticed, so I'm not sure I even had a choice). I ordered another paid of Pumas in a different model and just noticed the size was &#34;D&#34;. Not sure what the difference is, but those fit better - with more wiggle room.I'd say you'd want to either order these 1/2 size larger or research the &#34;D&#34; and &#34;M&#34; sizing and see where that takes you.
B004GB19WW Puma Men's Tech MA Fashion Sneakers Very nice shoes, stylish with mostly leather uppers, great Amazon pricing.  I read reviews and noted most said that their shoes were to tight so to order larger then your usual.  I took this advice and ordered the shoes 1/2 size larger than I usually would, they are snug to say the least but not bad, and after breaking in I'm sure that the 1/2 size larger then normal will be very adequate.  I'm more than pleased with Amazon purchase so far.
B004GB19WW It's true that shoes are smaller than we expect Today I've received my Puma Tech MA. I sized them and found out that they're very tight. I recommend you order Puma shoes little bit bigger than your size (for example I've gotten 6,5 size, which is my usual size, but in this case 7 or 7,5 would be ok.Shoes are very beatiful, I like their design.
B004GB19WW These are indeed a full size smaller My tens were too tight to squeeze my 9.5 foot into, so I took a tape measure to the interiors and they measure out to be what the sizing chart says should be a size 9.I've had Pumas run small before, but these are rather extreme. Beautiful shoe. Order 1 size up.
B004GB19WW Get a half size larger Good shoe and as I wanted but these do run small.  I recommend buying a half size larger.  Unfortunately, I don't see a half size larger for myself and will just have to live with it.  Puma should also swap the positions of the velco.
B004GB19WW sizing upon recieving my puma shoes(as i am accustomed ordering from amazon)my shoe size was corrrect. I tried it on and it fitted like a 10.5 and i looked at my order to verify and the order and shoes was correct sizing. apparently this shoes is smaller internally so it would seem that a normal pair of 11.5US fits like a 10.5US. I found this to be very discomforting. this was not my first shoe order from amazon because i ordered shoes before 11.5US puma and they fitted excellent. so just a reminder to those interested in buying these shoes.....orde a size bigger than what u normally wear for this individual brand(PUMA)....All in all the shoes are very cool but unforunately i will never be able to see them on my feet
B004GB1A8U Sweet!!! She loves them! Enough said!PS: They seem to run about a half size largeHope that helps...
B004GB1A8U Shoe size I bought this pair of Pumas because I have another pair of Pumas that I really like. I wear a woman's size 8. When I got this pair though, they were far larger than the other pair of Pumas that I have even though they are both women's size 8 shoes.
B004GB1CN8 Love my purple Puma's I absolutely love my purple puma. They are so great to workout in because of how lightweight they are. Ordered half size larger for working out in. They are perfect!
B004GB1CXI cool These are very comfortable street shoes. I would recommend ordering a half size larger, but I still like them. thanks.
B004GB1CXI great product I bought these for my husband, he loves the Puma brand and these fit right in, true to size, and comfortable.
B004GEAW8G Love Pumas My son has narrow,flat feet, so he gets a pair of PUMA sneakers every year.  They last pretty much all through the school year with some track fading for him.  I just got these in the mail, and the fit is always the same for him everytime.  If you have NEVER bought PUMAS before, then I highly recommend that you try them on in the mall first to see if your foot fits them.  They run a whole size SMALLer.  Everytime I order PUMAs online, I order one size up from my son's normal size and we have had no problems or complaints that his feet hurt with the PUMA fashion sneaker styles.I have read other reviews that PUMAs fall apart easily, but I have not had that experience with PUMA.
B004GEAXRQ LOVE My 2 year old loves his 'cat' sneakers!  And, I love the way they look -- sooo cute!  I ordered a size 6 for him about 2 months ago and now I'm on the hunt to replace them -- as well as the size 5 DC's and Nike's that he's still wearing; so, in my opinion these shoes run a little small.
B004GEB27G to cute! i bought these for myself. i love them. they however run big. i ordered a size 6 1/2 and they are way to big. i wish i could wear these because they are really pretty. i may exchange them for a smaller size and if so i'l update and tell how the quality is.
B004GNQIOE A WARNING about the size! These shoes are great! They are certainly built with quality and are comfortable. The only thing is that they are a bit on the snug side although after wearing them for some time they have loosened up but make sure to get possibly get one size bigger if you are unsure.
B004IESFRY Very narrow and form fitting - buy 1/2 size up? I usually take a size 9 in both Adidas and Puma.  I tried on a Samba and a Liga which both felt good in size 9 at a local store prior to ordering these, also in size 9.  (A side note - the Liga was a bit wider than the Samba)  The Puma Sala's arrived and fit VERY NARROW.  Narrower than any other Adidas / Puma I've owned which by this point is a considerable collection.  I thought about returning them for a full size up, but then wore them at home for a few hours.  I became accustomed to the tightness and considering that I'm intending to use these for indoor soccer use exclusively, the form fitting style may actually be a good thing.  I anticipate that they will stretch a little as there is leather construction on the inside.  One star off for no documentation on how narrow they fit, whether by design or accident.EDIT AFTER 2 MONTHS OF IN-GAME USE:These now receive 5 stars!  The snug fit turned out to be exactly what was necessary to keep my foot planted firmly in the correct position.  I love these and will purchase again WITHOUT buying 1/2 size up!
B004IETKWS Awesome cleats Lightweight shoe and my son says has good padding eventhough it is very light. My 11 year old son is a little under a size 7.  Which is where mens sizes start.  Size 7.5 fits him good with breathing room for the toe.  Size 8 was too big which i ordered first and then had to return.  Happy with this puma, especially at this price.
B004IETKWS Size runs too small I'm a long time Amazon shopper, and this is my first review. Basically I don't want anyone to make the same mistake I did. These shoes run too small and seem to have the same issues as the Finale II TT Soccer Cleat (See: http://www.amazon.com/Puma-Esito-Finale-Soccer-Cleat/product-reviews/B004IETLOA/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1)I ordered a size 9.5 and they fit more like a 8.5. There are no free returns for the wrong size, so be sure to order a larger size if you use Amazon.
B004IETKWS true size The comments are some what contradictory creating a doubt as to the quality and true size would like to buy. Please inform my size 7.5. Should I purchase 7.5 or 8.5.
B004IETLOA Zising way off I'm  11.5 and I ordered that size and they did not fit me, a friend of mine that wear 10.5 tried them and they fit him good, that's mean that they said a size and it is a full complete down. Waste my money!!
B004IETLOA Wrong size The shoes are OK, but I couldn't use them because it wasn't my size.I ordered 8 but feels like 7, first time I have this problem with puma shoes.
B004IETLOA Very small size Buy these shoes and the information of the size is incorrect, my foot measures 11 inches  toe to heel I ordered a 11.5, got a 11.5, and could barely squeeze my 11 sized foot into it.I was very disappointed
B004IETLOA Very Comfortable.....Ordered 1 Size Larger I am very happy with my soccer shoe purchase.  I read the other reviews carefully before buying and therefore chose one size larger than I normally would.  The shoes fit perfectly.  I'm very pleased.
B004IETLOA Sizing WAY off!! I really like the style, look and feel of this shoe.  I ordered a 10.5, got a 10.5, and could barely squeeze my 10.5 sized foot into it.  They run extremely small.  A friend, who wears a 9.5, tried them on and said they were still a little too tight for him.  Another friend, who wears a 9, said they are a tad big but wearable for him so he got himself a free pair of kicks.  They were over a full size off!  And unfortunatley, with Amazon there is no paid shipping for returns with size issues.  That is considered customer error.  I would rather gift them to a friend then lose money returning them to Amazon.  I'm still a fan of Puma shoes, but will never order another pair online without sizing them in real life first.
B004IETLOA too small!! these shoes seem OK, at first i though maybe they are fake pumas but they seem legit, however, the size is a full size too small, i returned them and am now waiting for the larger size.
B004J4X4TW As expected The shoes where as expected. I love the colors, they definitely make you stand out. I personally do not use them for sports (just casual use) so I cannot comment on wear and tear. What I can say is that because of the style they are narrow on the front so you might one to select them half a size bigger than your usual size, or maybe an entire size. I am normally 12 and decided to go for 12 shoes and the first two days I did feel them a bit narrow on the front, but because they are sport shoes it's just a matter of the shoe being brand new. Now they fit perfectly and the back side of the shoe feels very comfortable as oppose to some other shoes. So if up to you if you want them an extra size or not, but they are definitely worth the price ($45) bucks.
B004J4X4TW nice and good price These were snug when I first tried them on, but I ordered them a half size smaller than my casual shoes assuming they will stretch to conform to my foot.  I played once with them and they are very comfy and I was able to run extra fast in them... :-)
B004J4X4Z6 i need a size 8 us it is very large size was mistakenly i need a size 8 us i need please you change this size for un 8 us  thanks
B004J4X4Z6 look cool, but came too small I ordered a 10.5 size cleat because that is the size I normally wear on shoes, but the cleat didn't fit me at all.  I had to return the shoes and purchase this same set of cleats (size 11) at a local sporting store.  As I run and make sharp turns, I feel like my ankle is going to roll over.  Also, no matter how tight I tie the shoe laces, they seem to always get loose...I'm not sure if the two issues are related, but it's pretty annoying.  I'm hoping that as I break them in, these problems will go away.  One things for sure though...they look pretty cool.
B004J4X4Z6 Too small I got a size 12 pair of these (all my other shoes are size 12) and they were too small. I thought it would just be a matter of breaking them in, but after using them a few times, I vowed I would never wear them again. I pretty much destroyed my toes the last time I used them, like someone took a hammer to each one of my toenails. So, nothing wrong with the cleats, except they were too small. Actually, considering that I had to jam my foot to get it in there, I'd actually say these have a very durable build. They held up very nicely against my foot. So, good shoe, just lean towards a bigger size than you might normally get. I think I might order a size 13 and see how they feel.
B004J4XHMQ Great I love these Pumas.  I have the grey with teal.  They are very breathable, great for summer.  I ordered these half a size larger, like all Pumas I buy.
B004J4XJBK Wonderful shoes! I have been wanting these shoes, but was hesitate from the other reviews that I have read about the sizing issue. I took the reviewers advice an ordered a larger size, and they fit great! I usually wear a 8 to an 8 1/2 depending on how the shoe is made. So, I ordered a 9, and they fit great and are very comfortable. I would recommend these shoes, but do order a bigger size. Puma's seem to run very small.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoes ... WAY too small! I always wear size 8 PUMAs but these feel like 6.5! I had to pay $15.00 to send them back for the correct size.
B004J4XJBK love the look I bought these shoes but sadly had to return them.  I ALWAYS wear a size 10, but found these seemed AT LEAST one size too small so I had to return them and ate the $9.00 in shipping.  I really love the way they look and thought that, had they fit right, I would have loved the way they felt.  They are very unique which is partly why I want them so badly but I am hesitant to purchase them in a bigger size. Not sure if my situation was a fluke and others found them to fit true to size but I don't want to waste more money.
B004J4XNNO Ready for Italy I was looking for a pair of shoes that are comfortable and cute that I can wear to Italy for a 2 week vacation.  These are great.  They feel like tennis shoes but look dressy.  I listened to the other comments and ordered a half size up and they fit perfect.  This was great advise from other reviewers and I wanted to say thanks because that really helped me.  I hope this review helps someone else find the right shoe and right size.
B004J4XNNO received the worng size I don't know why you sand to me 5 US if i request 6.5. How can i do to get back the puma shoes to change to the real size.
B004J4XNNO Cute And comfy but too big - as in way too big. Smaller size not available so I sm out of luck for now.
B004J4XNNO Buy a half size smaller than regular shoe size I had to return the original size 6. they were way too big. 5.5 fit perfectly, and their very comfortable as an everyday flat ballet shoe.Love em!
B004J4XNNO Extremely Comfortable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was skeptical at first to purchase this item after reading several reviews on it.  Contrary to what I read, I guess it depends on each person's foot size and shape.  I could see why some reviewers thought it was tight at the front.  If you usually wear wide width then this shoe is not for you.  The size was perfect.
B004J4XNNO Love the Puma Zandy! I ordered my regular size and the shoes fit perfectly. They are comfortable and look great with jeans or a skirt.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable work shoes Great shoes for work! I walk around in the office a lot and these shoes help! I normally have shoe size 8.5 but I bought these shoes size 9 as I heard from other review saying that these shoes are a bit narrow.  The size 9 shoes fit nicely on my feet.  One minor complaint I have about these shoes is that it has velvet sole padding so my feets tend to get hot in them.
B004J4XNNO Use care in ordering due to size. Need to return. Too small.nice shoe but smaller than others of same size.good packaging and quality.  Looks perfect of it fit.
B004J4XNNO LOVE THESE SHOWS!!! Absolutely love these shoes, if you want comfortable shoes that you can take out of the box and wear all day...these are the shoes!  I highly recommend them.  They run true to size so order the size you would normaly wear in a flat.ENJOY!!!
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes! I love these shoes!  They are comfortable and stylish.  They are true to size.  I usually wear a 7 1/2, that is what I ordered and the fit was perfect.
B004J4XPMI Runs a little small but they look great! I always go on the converse "chuck" sneakers as my way of sizing and I need to learn my lesson! this shoe touches my big toe up the front when in chucks, the same size, gives me a little room. So I would order a half size bigger since Amazon won't do an exchange and cost to return them. Otherwise I love these sneakers, they are comfy, cute and have nice fatty laces
B004J4XRJ4 wrong size when i order the pumas i ask for a size 8 and half . i got a size 16 not the size i ask for.
B004J4XSAW Great fit! The measuring devise says 12 so I bought a 12 and 12 is what I got. It's winter so I&#8217;m wearing thicker socks so my next pair will be .5-1 size bigger.Great stability, size, and weight.
B004JF5R1Y Chic and cool, but run a size smaller These shoes are uber chic, sleek, and cool for toddlers.  The only issue is that they run a full size smaller.  My daughter is a 9 and we couldn't put the shoe all the way on.  I'm exchanging them for a larger size.  Order up a size and you won't be disappointed.
B004JF5T3K Even cuter in person I purchased these shoes for my 3 year old daughter.  They run small, I originally purchased a size 9 because my daughter's size 8 shoes were getting snug, but they were too tight, so I ordered them in a size 10.  They are a little big, but there are no half sizes so she will have to grow into them.  The shoes are much cuter in person.  They are soft and flexible so they are comfortable for her.  She is able to put them on herself as well which is important.  They have held up well so far.
B004K00GLE Good quality but too small basically I couldn&#8217;t use it, it doesn't have the right standard size, you better ask for one size bigger than you usually use.
B004K00GLE Correct size and very comfortable. Great price too! After reading all the reviews i was a little nervous about the size. However my regular size is a 12 and the 12 in these seemed to fit perfect. These are soccer shoes and will tend to be 'slightly' tight from the toes becasue they are supposed to narrow from the front. Cant wear loose shoes for soccer. I really liked the feel, very comfortable and overall great price!
B004K00GLE Great fit but better looks on my feet. The shoes size seems a bit smaller than other brand that's why I bought 10 1/2 for the size 10 that I need. It's not only fit well but look better on my feet. It depends on your level of skill but for sure this has the promise of many goals.
B004K00GLE Very nice shoes just what I'm looking for It's a very nice shoes for the porpuse that I'm buying it for. The only reason I took out one star is because it's seems a 1/2 size smaller than what I wanted it for. I need a size 10 1/2 size and this one seems just 10 compared to other brand.
B004K00GLE Size doesn't fit I went to sports authority and checked my foot size properly, before  ordering online and I was surprised that its still 1/2&#34; smaller. Its tight on my foot and not at all comfortable when playing. I specifically took precaution by knowing the foot size that fits me before ordering to avoid such problems, yet this happened.
B004KP73OC I LOVE SHOES! great transaction and the shoes are awesome.  Puma's seem to run a bit smaller than other brands but I already knew that and ordered a 1/2 size up from my normal and they fit perfectly!
B004KP73OC Great shoes Love the shoes. They are a smaller size 10 which was good for me. But someone else may want to get the half size up. I had a pair of these before. Super happy with my purchases
B004MF8ITO Good I like my new golf shoes and what is so funny is that my school colors are purple and gold so they match perfect. My foot fits well in my normal shoes size 10 M US. and my feet are almost flat so they fit great even for me.
B004MF8KW4 There good Part of it is my fault,i should of bought it one-half size up. I bought a 9 1/2 EE wide. I wear a 9 1/2 eee. When this happens i go a half size up. But to the review, they are very comprtable well worth the money.
B004QXE4EA These make my feet happy I love these shoes. The colors are just as vibrant as in the pictures and for less than $40 I figured I couldn't go wrong. These were a steal! However, I must say that the actual shoe is rather thin (but lightweight). I normally wear a men's size 12 and I would recommend buying a size down regarding these shoes.
B004RLA0TE Nice shorts. Wrong size The shorts are nice, I really like the Puma logo in yellow and the material overall. The only problem and the reason I give 3 stars is I ordered a size M and got an S.
B004S08HE4 Way too big The Size was too big to my 9 years old....fit my 11 years old who is tall...you need to re check your size cart
B004SH1Y10 size way smaller be aware of the size. I bought size 7, however, it is shorter than regular size 6!My sun had been wearing under armour size 6 for a year, after it got shorter, I bought Puma-kids boys pants, size 7, it is even shorter than size 6!
B004SKQTGW Super Cute! I really love the shoes.  They are very stylish.  My ONLY complaint (and thus, the reason for only 4 stars) is that I think they run a little tight.  Therefore, the size we ordered (which is the size my son wears) is a bit snug on him, so he won't get to wear them as long as we'd hoped.  Since it was an online order, we couldn't have him try them on.  We also could not send them back for an exchange as we needed them sooner.
B004SUANZU AA++ I ordered them to small and was able to exchange them for size Mens 11.5, they fit perfect, excellent sneaks,,,,,
B004SUANZU Love them Love them, they're comfortable and they look awesome. Always go up a half size with Puma. I usually wear a size 7, but always get a &#34;W 7.5/M 6&#34; (US size) when I buy Pumas as they run a half size smaller. Perfect fit.
B004SUANZU Comfortable shoe, but smaller than other shoes I had to return my first order because they were way too small.  I compared them to some of my other shoes and these are a full size shorter than my other shoes of the same size.  I ordered a size larger than my regular size and these fit fine.
B004SUANZU Nice shoes As all the other reviews said they do run small.  I ordered a half size bigger and they fit fine.  The suede looks really nice.
B004SUANZU Love the shoes...order a size bigger As many of the above comments suggest, you should get these in a size bigger than what you normally get. I had to send mine back and get a larger size.After that, there was no problem with them. I love these shoes. they are very comfortable and quite stylish. Goes great with a lot of things
B004SUANZU Pay attention to the size chart. I normally wear size 10, but decided to go with 10.5 because of other reviews. I looked at my other shoes for the EU size which is 44. This size corresponded with 10.5 US on the Puma mens size chart. Still yet they are a little tight due to the narrow toe box. However, they seem to be stretching in all the right places and just might end up fitting like a glove. We'll see. Oh, and they look great!
B004SUANZU Great product, fast shipping The shoe is just great! I was worried when people said to order a size up from your normal size, but i ordered my normal size anyway and it was perfect. I'm not sure why others are saying to order up a size because if i had done that they would have been too big. I suggest that if you surely know your size, order that. Other than that the shipping was very fast, i got it the next day!!!
B004SUANZU buy about a  size bigger than your usual size . . . My 14-yr-old break/hip hop dancer boy loves these! Puma's run on the wider side (my child has fairly wide size 8 feet . . . buying shoes can be a nightmare), but Puma's run too small in the length (established fact of life). I read that one man said to go up an entire 1.5 sizes, so I did (knowing that my son's feet might still be growing). The 9.5 fits great, and he LOVES the silver swish/yellow laces! I like the quality. The shoe is lightweight and seems to work well for his advanced dance classes.
B004SUANZU True to Size These shoes look and feel great. They are true to size.  Just be sure you are purchasing a men's size if you are a male and a women's size if you are a female.  It's a little hard to differentiate the way Amazon lists them.
B004SUANZU The size is a bit small compared to my other shoes of the same size. I would like to exchange for a larger size.
B004SUANZU The reality of the shoe size(clearing up the FUD) After seeing so many reviews talk about the shoe size I had to make a comment once I actually got these about all the FUD being spread. The shoe runs fairly accurate to size. I have a wide foot and most of my shoes bought are size 44 1/2 EU size. Why do I use EU size? Well, for one it is far more constant than having to guess my size in USA since it varies 1/2 from manufacture to manufacture while the EU size doesn't. Many companies run a 44 1/2 in size 10.5 male and many run it in about 11. I ordered an 11 from here(which is what the PUMA chart said for EU) and I must say after checking their charts at their company I would venture to say this shoe does not really run small. Check the makers site to see whether they run on the proper or big size when buying online. This one runs on the proper scale that most use and I had no issues with size.The truth is:-This shoe runs extra wide. It actually feels lose without having to break it in. There is no break in as this thing is huge. Unless you're severely overweight or have deformed feet to the oblivion you will not have any problems with tightness. I weigh about 165 pounds, which is pretty heavy for someone 5'10, and have a wide foot so I am not exaggerating on how spacious it is.-Considering how affordable they are, I would say that their shock support is of above average quality.-They seem very well built for the few hrs I have put on these and they are light too. Should be comfortable for long walking distances(if you're in the USA chances are you drive to the corner CVS so I don't know how important this is.)
B004SUANZU Great product I read reviews of these shoes about how you should order a size up from your regular size for shoes since Puma's run a tad small. They fit perfectly a size up. The blue looks great and they're super comfy. can't wait to play some indoor soccer :)
B004SUANZU TINY! I wear a 10-10. 5 in most ... TINY! I wear a 10-10.5 in most shoes, and the 10.5s were tiny! As everyone else says, order a size larger! Very stylish shoes.
B004SUANZU size these shoes' size is smaller than other shoes. I wear size 11 normlly, and I ordered size 11 for these shoes but they feel smaller than 11 and they are tight.
B004SUANZU parker I received the item in very short time. But I recognized that it is a summer shoes. Furthermore, the size fits small. I'm a 7 feet size and the item I purchased is 7.5 but is small for my feet. I advise larger size, at least 1 numeber more than your regular size. Thanks
B004SUANZU Awesome shoe I have 4 pairs of these shoes. My first two pairs were bought quite a while back, when they where still named Puma 10. They are very comfortable and durable. I still wear my first pair. They are made of real suede, so they have quite a bit of give. Because they are technically soccer shoes, they feel snug on first couple of wears as they are supposed to. I'm normally a size US 10. Usually US 10 = UK 9 = EUR 44 = 28cm and US 10.5 = UK 9.5 = EUR 44.5 = 28.5cm. However these pumas are US 10.5 = UK 9.5 = EUR 44 = 28.5cm (emphasis on the European size). The US 10.5 is the one that fits me best. So it seems that the European size is the &#34;correct&#34; one, in the sense that it describes best how the shoe fits. I'd like to emphasize that I only encountered this in classic Puma, such as Suede and the Liga/10. Other models of Puma the US 10 (EUR 44) fits best. So with Puma always go with your European size. Apart from size, awesome is an understatement. These shoes are close to perfect. Durable, comfortable and stylish.
B004SUANZU Comfortable and snazzy Great quality shoes at a reasonable price.  They look nice and fit very comfortably.  I wear a size 9 in women's, so I ordered the 7.5 men's size.  I was afraid from other reviews that they might be too tight, but they were not.  However, I like my shoes a bit snug, so if you prefer a looser fit, going up a half size isn't a bad idea.  Arrived very quickly.
B004SUANZU Good Quality At a Good Price But size is a hair Smaller than my last shoes same size 12 should have gotten 12.5 but they will stretch to the right size in a few months
B004SUANZU Great shoes! Great shoes! I love the marigold accent. I have gotten a lot of complements. I'm normally a size 7.5 but from everyone's reviews i  ordered a size 8.5 (thanks everyone!) They are pretty comfortable for a dressy sneaker but after a long day of walking they do start to hurt. I like them cause they are dressier than a running sneaker so when I'm wearing a nicer top I can use these without it looking weird. It's my first puma sneaker and I'll def be buying them again.
B004SUANZU wrong size The wrong size was send but my son need shoes so we took the soles out so he could have room but i can take a picture and sure they are wrong size but what good would that be none i just want buy from your company again thanks for the wrong shoes
B004SUANZU PUMA Liga Sneaker Now for fyi I recently ordered and brought them at DSW's website because of free shipping and memeber discount, but I would have got them on amazon if that wasn't the case. I am a size 9 men and I was little wary about the issue with size since I read on various sites about comments regarding this little issues, but luckily for me the sneakers fitted perfectly and felt comfortable. I was almost about to consider a 9.5 size but I went with my gut on this decision, so if anyone is a bit unsure whether to follows what other comments have stated, I am one person who didn't need to pick a bigger size.
B004T3M57K Good I like the shoes but there is no support on the back of the heels. Just need to order one size smaller
B004TAAV7E US/EU for Puma really stylish and fashionable sneaker. Fully convinient design for guys about 35 :-) The only negativeness: you should online order Puma +1 size you assume your foot is (I have EU40/US7, but was small, thus I had to order another one US8).
B004TLB4GU Great shoes They were delivered in a timely fashion. I read some of the reviews and they told me to order a size bigger but because I knew what size I needed they fit perfectly. I really like them.
B004TPDNJC shame on amazon I ordered this product all the way from Australia with the firm knowledge that I am a size US8. The pumas arrived and as beautiful as they are are at least half a size too small! This style is clearly a narrow fit and not true to size. Now I have to send this product back which will cost me money. Shame on you amazon- you should clearly state if a product such as this runs smaller and is NOT true to size. How very dissapointing; a classic case of "caveat emptor"- let the buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B004TPEW1K El Ace Womens LOVE THEM!  They are super comfortable...and I'm a size 10 and they don't make my feet look big.  The colour is so different and it goes with everything.  I wear them all day and no complaints.  True to size.
B004VW5BOI did not fit my feet are wide for a woman's size, and these still did not fit me. It is way too big and way too wide. I had to order it twice, first to see if a smaller size would work for me, even though i wear a 6 and ordered a 5 and a half, that didn't fit. so i returned the first pair and ordered a smaller size, 5 this time, still did not fit, still looked like clown shoes because it is way too long. I guess this is good for women with big, long feet. Not for a 6 wide though.
B004WLEF6S size 10 Puma has great sneakers, but this one was ok. as size, I ordered 10, but received 10.5. So, when you order, check size
B004ZIP4U4 great size is correct 4 USA buyers great size is correct 4 USA buyers, wrong coIors ere sent to me but am  Pleased . my sneaker is great or nice 4 bicyclers
B004ZIP5GW disappointed The size was not accurate.I always wear size 10 sneakers but in this case size 10 felt like size 8.5.But got the refund after I returned it So I guess not so disappointed
B004ZIP5GW stylish shoes Very nice looking shoes - unfortunately was sent the wrong size, but was able to return/exxchange for correct size in expeeditious manner
B004ZIP5GW Size is misleading Shoes end up with my son because the size is misleading. I'm size 9-1/2 so I was thinking that half size bigger (size 10) would be sufficient enough. Not enough! Should have posted size charts to avoid future problems.
B004ZIP5GW It was hard to change the shoes I tried to change it by smaller size but  I couldn't,Thank you Michelle for your kind help,Faiz Humadi
B004ZIP5GW Size Issue I ordered a size 10 1/2 and they shipped me a 10 1/2.  However, there was no way that shoe could fit my foot which is a 10 1/2 .  Apparently the Company has a sizing issue.  I returned the item back to amazon.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoes ever These are one of the best fitting shoes I own. If they still had my size, I will buy another one.
B004ZIP5GW Perfect I predicted the size to be different when purchasing online  and ordered half inch more than required & that did the trick :)
B004ZIPGOS Very good shoes but kinda small Very nice shoes, very comfortableI ordered the size 8 1/2 but it runs a half size smallif you order this item order half size bigger.I recommend this shoes!
B004ZIPVH0 Nice This is very good soccer cleats and very comfortable, I recomend you order this cleats one or one and half size larger then you true size it defenatly not true to size.
B004ZIPVH0 Review of Puma v1.11 I usually wear a 7 US for all of my soccer cleats and yes you do need to go up half a size. If you still want to go true to size, expect to have your big toe push back a little (if the big toe is your longest toe). Other than the sizing, the cleats feels great, very comfortable. Great touches and very easy to clean as well.
B004ZIPVH0 very good shoes but order bigger than your actual foot size the shoe is beautiful and comfortable !! but shoes does not fit to size ! you should order maybe a size or size and 1/2 bigger
B004ZIPVIE Lightning The focus of this product is speed.  The boot is very light, just as they stated.The size was perfect.  I am have true 9.5 size foot and the Puma 9.5 fit me perfect.The boot is made of some kind of plastic (I think...) because it's pretty slick.  I'm not sure if it will be great for hitting a curl on goal.
B004ZIT63U Where is it?!?!?!?!? I didn't order yet but why isn't there a size 2 or 2.5 big kid? I need either 2 or 2.5!
B004ZIT63U Love them! I bought these to go with my Bengals gear and I love them! Very comfy and stylish. I wear a women's size 7 and the kids size 6 fits great!
B004ZIT63U Great comfy sneakers The sneakers are really cute and very comfy but unfortunately they do run a bit small. I ordered a half size larger and its still a bit tight. If you like to feel room order a whole other size but other than the sizing issue they are wonderful sneakers!
B004ZIT63U Nice shoes We bought these for indoor soccer and they look cool and our son was able to maneuver well.  I thought I bought them a half-size too big to have room for bulky soccer socks, but they fit just right.  Not a bad thing, just order a half- or full-size larger than what you need would be my recommendation.
B004ZIT63U runs small The size my son normally wears did not fit so we sent back and went up half size.  They fit but he doesn't care to wear them as much as his other sneakers.  They are just a little too snug for him I guess
B004ZIT63U Great product My 5 year old loooves these shoes, (they look just like his dads) I ordered a half size bigger and ended up having to send back for a full size larger. they fit great and are worn every day.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes and great price I love these shoes and I wear them everyday. I wear a size 7 adult and a size 6 in these are the same. :-D
B004ZIT63U Stretched Out In All The Right Places I love these shoes now tht they have stretched out in the correct places. I wear a size 8 in woman's and bought a size 7 in big kids. length is awesome it they were only tight right above the arch for the first couple days. These shoes are now my daily work shoes and Im on my feet all day.
B004ZIT63U Pumpped up These shoes have made the day.  They do run a bit smaller then some other leading brands so get a 1/2 size bigger when you order
B004ZIT63U smaller than the printed size very disappointed since the shoe looks really nice but when i received it (live abroad) it is at least one size smaller than what is printed on the tag
B004ZIT63U happy I got these for my son, who likes bright and colorful shoes, he really likes them they run a little small in size but i think all pumas do so i order a size larger and they are perfect.
B004ZIT63U Great Choice! Saw that it was recommended to go up a 1/2 size from normal shoe size and was glad we did! These fit my 5 year old very well and still give him some room to grow! We love the colors of these also, so bright :)
B004ZIT63U Best product. The product arrived to my addres just in time and the qualitty is very good. The bad news is that i failed the size, the shoes not fit to my daughter.
B004ZITHZC Great style These shoes run about a half size to small. So you may want to order a bigger size. My daughter has worn these for about two months now and they wear great and are comfortable and stylish.
B004ZITHZC VERY DISSAPOINTED I was so excited to had ordered these since for the past 7 years all I have ever ordered my daughter were pumas. Then i ordered these and they were way too small. Not true to size at all. They run an entire size to size and a half too small. When I researched them after the fact it turns out that they are knock offs. I was so bummed. Needless to say I returned them.
B004ZITHZC Love Pumas These shoes are so cute and my son loves them. Fit tightly so I would order a half size bigger I'm glad I did
B004ZITHZC claim good afternoon to review the product ever knowing me that the size of the same size are 12.5 and 13.5 I need is I need to know how to make the change
B004ZITHZC Nice Pumas- does run small As per some reviews for this show I went with a size and a half bigger and they fit perfect.  My son loves his shoes and very comfortable!  Definitely glad I got a size up. ;)
B004ZITHZC Size for Brazilian boy Hi,My son is 1 year and 5 months, and we would like to know which size should we buy for him.We are from Brazil, and the Brazilian size does not match with the USA size, we are looking for this informations on the internet, and all information are confusing us.The Brazil size is 22.which Puma size should I buy?Thanks and we holpe you can help usMy e-mail is evandrolso@yahoo.com.br
B004ZITHZC Sad Customer I bought this Puma for my grand daughter but for some reason the puma did not fit her it was her size but she complain of her toes hurting so I believe they run small size ,we had to return them
B004ZITHZC Order one size up We ordered these for my 2 year old son in a size 7 (his normal shoe size). I'm not sure if they run small or because the leather is so stiff, but his foot wouldn't fit in them. Believe me, I tried several times. However, we exchanged them for a size 8, and they fit fine. He has a bit extra toe room, but it doesn't interfere with his ability to run and walk in them. They are made of quality materials and look like they will last as long as his foot fits in them.
B004ZITHZC First good kids running shoe with Velcro! My son had a size 1 in Nikes that were too big so I ordered these a half size smaller and they are very snug. He loves them though! The Velcro is very good and they stay on his feet well.
B004ZITHZC very nice I knew not to pick the size and you get a little big ... but they are comfortable and are very nice
B004ZITHZC Fit is a little large Following other reviews I ordered a size up for my 6 year old son. It fits but it's definitely too big for him. Since he's worn them outside we will be keeping them but in the future I'd stick to ordering his usual size. I did wash them (he's a filthy average little boy) and some of the threading came unsewn. Still wearable but be cautious if you attempt to wash.
B004ZITHZC Great Shoes I thought that I had ordered the right size, but my daughter's feet grew from when I checked last.  She actually cried when I told her we would have to send them back for a bigger size. We are currently exchanging them and she is so excited to get them.  They are adorable and functional.  Not clunky big tennis shoes.
B004ZITHZC A little small for a size 12. The shoes are attractive and colorful. My grandson liked them very much. He was wearing a size 11 1/2, so, I figured a size 12 would fit good. However, the shoes seemed the same size as his 11 1/2 shoes.
B004ZITHZC Super cute My son was so happy when he saw these shoes.  They give him just enough room to grow into.  We got a size 12 and he's 4 years old.
B004ZITHZC Size runs small I like the style and material but the sizing is a bit small.  I'd originally ordered a size 7 but have returned and ordered a size 8.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes Bought these shoes for my son and i couldn't be happier. This is his first pair of Puma so I was not sure how the size would run, but they fit perfectly. i love the diagrams on the insoles to show you proper placement of feet to assure you purchased the right size.
B004ZITHZC Order one size larger than current size Great shoes after the exchange for a size larger, daughter loves them! These shoes have alot of reflectors too which is great.
B004ZITHZC Love these shoes! My son just loves these shoes.  They fit great and the velcro fasteners are so much easier than shoelaces.  He gets so many compliments when he's wearing them.  Easy to keep clean too - I just throw them in the washing machine and dryer and they look nearly brand new!  I do recommend getting a half size larger than your child's normal size since PUMAs do offer half sizes and my son find the extra half size to be more comfortable for running and other sports.
B004ZITHZC very cute shoe..but sized wrong My son wears a size 9 in all others shoes but this one. It has nice that it had a built in size chart that showed that the shoe was to small. I ordered another Puma shoe one full size larger and they fit him perfect.
B004ZITHZC Sweet Shoes! I ordered these for my daughter.  They seemed a bit larger than the state size, but that's not a terrible thing.  They look awesome and she loves them.  Great sneakers!
B004ZITHZC Wish they came in my size. I love these shoes. All of the reviews say they run small, and I would agree. I bought a size 4 for my daughter who is just getting into size 4, and they fit perfect, but wont for long. I will be needing to order size 5 soon, and will have no problem doing it. She loves these shoes. When I take them off, she instantly tries putting them back on. They are adorable and comfortable and have a good amount of flex for a toddler who is still learning the ropes of walking.
B004ZIYSME Cute shoes! These shoes are so cute, and I love the colors!!  The only drawback is that these were slightly too small for me.  I wish I would have gotten a half size larger.  I usually wear 8-8 1/2, and I ordered the 8.  I really wish I would have gotten the 8 1/2, but with that said,.  they are still very comfortable, I just feel a little crowded at my toes.  I have had many compliments on these shoes, and they are very lightweight.  I would recommend for sure, just maybe go 1/2 size larger.
B0050306NS So dissappointed I ordered a size for toddlers (for my little girl) and i got the size 37!!!!!! There was a mistake in another order so i think i dont trust amazon anymore. and where i live i dont have the possibility to exchange.
B0050U7C8I Great Colors - Good Shoe I read quite a few reviews that said this shoe ran a bit small, so I ordered up a size. I wish I'd gotten my regular size because they seem to fit about the same as other Pumas I have. These work for small adult feet - sizing was more like boys youth size on the ones I got.I got the gray/black/blue ones. I really love the color and the retro style. There could be a bit more cushion in them, but I'm going to add some insoles to make the size right so I don't have to do a return. I wanted to wear them too much to wait for a new pair!
B0050U7C8I Middle School Gems! I got these for my young protege cousin who always admires my sneakers and wanted me to pick out a 'cool pair' for her. I settled on these Pumas and she was ecstatic upon opening the box. They're perfect for everyday running around and she says they're extremely comfortable. I'd call her a girly-girl, and these are the perfect medley of trendy + functional shoes. One thing I would note is that I think they're a bit narrow & to order a 1/2 size up. I ordered the larger of the two sizes she goes between and we still had to return and get another 1/2 size larger! I'm happy I made her happy & I'd recommend these shoes for anyone who loves color and comfort!
B00517RQGI A little smaller I bought the shoes for my 5 y.o son who just started to learn soccer. He's normally wear shoes size 11, so that't what I ordered. But it turned out it's smaller than normal. So if you want to order it, I suggest to order a size up.Also, the cleats are a little bit sharper than other soccer shoes. Your child has to be really carefull when wearing these shoes outside grass field, because they're really slippery.
B0053A2LWC Poor service I ordered and returned this shoe twice. Both times I ordered a size 10 and when I received it the box said it was a 10 but the shoes inside were a size 9. I think they just sent me the same shoes twice. I was really disappointed because these were going to be a gift.
B0054D3I3E Puma V1.11 SL white this boot is soooo light.good touch.very comfortable.For SL version, buy 1 size up. I am a size 8, and I need a size 9 in this version of cleats.sole plate is a lil cheap made that's my only complaint (only the mid part is carbon fiber) compare to superfly.Very happy with this boot.
B005543Z5S Good snickers for running I really enjoy these snickers and I don't regret about my purchase. The only disadvantage is that you need to clean up them periodically because of their light color. The size is perfect, you don't need to buy bigger or smaller size just order the size you usually wear.
B005547MJS Worth it! I'm kind of pleased that I bought this pair. Finishing is excellent and the design is just as eye catching as it's in the image. The first day I slipped this on right out of the box, I thought I definitely should have ordered 8.5 instead of Size 8 or maybe, a size 'wider' at the toes(I wear UK 7 and at a shoe store here in New Orleans I measured my size to be US 8). Thankfully, after 4 days of gradually reducing discomfort, it now fits like a glove. In my opinion those who wear exactly size US 8(Normal width) should consider buying this shoe in Size 8 and let it stretch for a couple of days but let me warn you, it will hurt even to keep it on and feel too narrow for a few days and you'll need to walk/run to make it stretch faster.
B005552422 One size Larger My son usually wears size 9, however, this shoe is one size larger. He likes the style but size 8 would better fit.
B005552422 Nice shoe order next larger size Nice shoe but go with next size up.i've been wearing size 12 for years and I can't even wear these their so small.going to have to give them to my son.
B005552422 Good Quality, Good Looking These shoes always get me compliments, they look nice-casual. I wear a woman's size 8.5/9 and this shoe fits in a size 8 on me, they're very roomy. Plus the bag it comes in is cool. No complaints
B0055528IM puma tx-3 i like the sneaker but i had to send it back for a smaller size otherwise i like it its a good buy
B0055528IM Wrong sizes Had to send this product back because the sizes are very misleading. Ordered one size and it was the wrong one because of how they are displayed. Also, the blue shown on the shoe is really more of a purple than it looks in the picture.
B0055BZJGY Holy Comfort, Batman! Uber comfy!  Lots of compliments!  Comes with a cute, little, canvas shoe bag - cool!  I got a size 10 which I feel are true to size and they fit my orthotics without having to remove the Puma insole.
B0055QR480 Puma shoes I wear a size 11-12 womens shoe and have a hard time buying atletic shoes in that size that don't look like battleships. Men's shoe sizes mostly don't work, don't fit right and are too big looking.  The Pumas are very sleek and small looking.  Besides, even the men sizes fit right.  Also very comfortable. I wore my previous Pumas as kick-arounds for 4 years.
B0055X9GMK Great looking and comfortable, but run a bit small. I got these sneakers in black/silver and they look a lot more different than pictured. That trademark Puma white stripe you see on them? It's actually grey in person. They also look smaller (in a good way) than pictured - they are narrow (but not too narrow), and they are not as long as the images of them would have you believe. I think they look much better than pictured and make the feet look smaller. I was surprised by how lightweight these sneakers were - practically weightless, and they slip on easily and are very comfortable, however, I think they run a bit small - the toes on my left foot felt just a little bit squeezed, so I would recommend going a half size up (unless they are going to stretch with time, sneakers/shoes sometimes do). Puma sneakers in US size 9 either fit me perfectly or feel a bit large, but these feel a little bit too small in US size 9, I think US size 9.5 would fit me better (I usually wear US size 9 or EUR 39.5-40). The upper is made of nylon and fabric, and I love the look and the feel (again, very comfortable), my only concern is the sole - I think it's way too thin, almost nonexistent, it felt like I was wearing shoes made entirely of fabric, with fabric soles, so I'm not too sure about these...right now I'm returing the pair I ordered and am considering going a half size up.
B0055XBD80 Puma They are a little bit bigger than my other Puma Imani. What is strange because it is the same size.But the are ok.Irma
B00569FWJ4 Love my Puma's! I LOVE these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are very lite andairy! These are true to size!! I had ordered the brownsuede ones (and love them too!!) they were just a littlebigger. These fit perfect!!! I am glad because I don'twant to wear socks with these!! Very comfortable!!!!!!and they are beautiful too!!
B0056WZF20 Very Cute, but they run BIG! These are very comfy, good breathing, great looking shoes, however they do run big for the women's sizing. I (a female) wear an 8 1/2 in most athletic shoes. These are unisex and the box said that it was a men's size 7 and also a women's size 8 1/2. But in my experience, men's and women's shoe sizing runs 2 sizes apart. Therefore, I sent these back in exchange for the women's size 8 (men's size 6 1/2).These also run a little wide. So, if you have narrow feet, these wouldn't be the best for you.I didn't give these 5 stars because the shock absorbancy on these don't seem to be all that great for "running shoes". Good thing I'm just going to be using them for mild impact, core strengthening aerobic classes.
B0056WZN2W Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome...I was looking for nice and comfy shoes for months...Finally, I found them. I read one review that was not the best, but I totally disagreeThese shoes are comfortable (I wear these shoes for the whole day while working), there are enough tight, and size is perfect (of course I checked the size at store, where the had same shoes but different colors..anyway size does not run small or big)This were my first shoes ordered by the internet and I am totally satisfied. The color is so nice, enough fancy but not to muchThere are lots of fancy style shoes are on the market, but honestly you could not wear all of them to work...I highly recommend these shoes...plus the price was the lowest...
B0056X0FVK Very light and airy! These are very light to wear. I feel as if I'm not even wearing tennis shoes when I wear them. Very comfortable, but I wish I would have went with a smaller size. They do fit true to size.. If you were 8 1/2, but think you want to get a little bigger than that, I wouldn't suggest it. I did that and am wishing I would have just gone with an 8 1/2.
B0056X0FVK Stylin' workout shoe Needed a cross trainer sneaker for working out.. (Primarily doing my workout DVD's ...Jillian Michael's!!!) Needed something with that medial- lateral stability & these &#34;fit the bill&#34;.  They're very comfortable & pretty true to size but I do need to wear a thin sock. (I'd order a half size up if you like wearing a thick sock.) I'm a first time Puma buyer & will buy them again.
B0056YD1QK way too large and couldn't exchange I typically wear an 8.5 in running shoes, so that is what I ordered.  When they arrived, they were at least a whole size larger than I needed.  I went online to see if I could exchange them for a different size, and I could not.  Then, I decided to return them (because there was nooo way I could possibly run in them), and had to pay for the shipping to send them back... so I ended up losing 5 or 6 dollars.
B0056YD1QK They sent a size twice as big to order... Buy shoes size 7.5, but I got size 9. Two sizes larger than those you buy, the shoebox size 7.5 I was saying but they were size 9. Obviously I have left enormous shoes. I'm from Venezuela and buy from here and now I lost my purchase. Totally irresponsible and careless, not recommend at all. Tricksters. Never again will buy it.
B0056YH1PW Great Style I love the look of these shoes. They are very cute, and vibrant. They are very comfortable, the only problem I had is that they run very small. I ordered a size 11, and considering I am usually a 10 1/2, and never am I bigger than 11, I thought it would be no problem. But, they were definitely snug in the toe (too tight), so I would order a size up if I were you.
B0056YRCTW not true to size great cleats but were too small and i couldn't stretch them.  normally wear a 10, ordered a 10.  and these don't fit, so now, because i wore them, have to sell them at less value and order a 10.5.
B0057DPSQG Bad quiality, wrong Size Dont buy them!! They arrived and were one ot two sizes bigger than expected!. The I washed them and got even bigger!!!  Hate them!
B0057DPSQG Size Reviews of this product stated that the size ran somewhat small however I found the opposite to be the case.
B0057DPSQG I hate this product. It's a fake. Wrong size, poor quality. It's a bad idea buy this item. i bought the size Medium, but when arrived, the size is XXXL... really bad product.
B0057DPSQG Buy smaller than what you would think! I read several reviews about the fitment of these undies and glad I listened about getting a size smaller. I normally wear a size M, but went with smalls on these and they fit snug at first but loosen up after a bit. Seems to be a good product so far but I have only had them for a couple of weeks now.
B0057DPSQG A little too large but very soft Good material but a little larger than expected. The fabric is very stretchy so if you're unsure what size to buy I would recommend going down a size because they will fit better than getting a size larger. Did not shrink very well...
B0057DPSQG Too big Good quality material but the are too big. If in doubt go one size smaller and the will stretch out a bit
B0057DPSQG To big The boxer are okay, mais the size is to big. I always take medium size usually, but, for that boxer, its really big. It's look like a large... So if you want to by one, you are better to take one size smaller.
B0057DPSQG Runs a little big. I am a natural medium and thats the size I got and they are a bit too big for me. I'm gunna keep them because their comfortable but beware of sizes.
B0057DPSQG love them great fit and very soft and made well. i like the colors and will buy again. buy a size smaller.
B0058PE3FA doesn't fit right on the shoulders I'm an average muscular man 5"11 190 lbs , and i had a puma shirt before different model but also microfibber in small size and it fits cool, but i wanted a little more room so i bought 2 medium size, come to see my surprise when i put them on, there was a strange baggy shape around the trapecious-shoulder area and even if i stretched down, it will show up again in both shirts. never the less its breathability its ok and i already bought 2 so....i'm gonna wear it anyway XD
B0058XE334 Excellent choice I was looking for comfort and quality at a reasonable price and got everything I wanted. A small observation though on the fitting a bit bigger than regular standard size charts. If you buy it go one size down.
B0058XEE88 My son loved them...Yes my son. Bought them for my son because I couldn't find men track shoes in the correct size so he asked can he get them and I thought well they all look weird anyway so why not...Don't usually by women shoes for men but they look the same just had to get a bigger size. Fit him great and he made it to state in them...
B0058XEE88 even though i ordered half size bigger, the shoes still did not fit! even though i ordered half size bigger, the shoes still did not fit!  otherwise, the shoes appear to be good quality.
B0058XF0PO Was bad i was sent the wrong size. It's bad ?what do i do now....I asked for 11.5US size / 45UK size but was give a size 9US...That's very bad.. what where they think and more over the spikes nails where not there nor the spike keys?
B0058XF1V2 size doesnt fit The. 9 size which I ordered is too small and very fit.usually us 9 size in other models is very comfortable to me.
B0058XF1V2 it fit perfect like if it was my actual size My size here in the US is 9 but ordered a 9.5 to be sure it was snuggy and roomy for my foot....then I got them and it was too tight, So I exchanged them for a 10 and somehow....it fit perfect like if it was my actual size. I got tons of other shoes with size 9-9.5 so...I dont know if its just the shoe or what.
B0058XF1V2 They're smaller and narower but looks awesome i ordered them 0.5 size bigger than i actually use and they fit just fine. And they look really well, lots of compliments but remember theyre narrower, that or i have wider foots...
B0058XF1V2 good product but seems like little bit small I like this this product very much. Everything as expected accept size. I guess i screw up with size.I guess shoe size in my country slightly different than in US:)
B0058XF1V2 buy half size larger LIke with all Pumas, buy half size larger. Other than that, this is a shoe, it fits, has no laces, only Velcro strap that gives a clean look.
B0058XF1V2 Somewhat small This is my size 9.5 but somewhat this were a litle bit thight but they are ok, if u going to buy this shoes try asking a .5 bigger your size
B0058XF1V2 perfect I order this pairof shoes half size than I am, and confortable, grat loking i recomend this one for walking
B0058XF1V2 I love them! I ordered a half a size larger then I normally wear after reading the reviews and they fit perfect. These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have! I originally got them just for Kung Fu and now I find myself wearing them almost every time I go out!
B0058XF1V2 just ok this puma sneaker is just ok, no more no less but it worth the money i spentremember one thing - puma brand has its own size chart!
B0058XF1V2 Be wary about sizing. What you need to know.Pros:1.  The shoe is easy to clean.2.  It looks fairly stylish3.  It hugs your ankle well so it fits to the foot well and isn't loose.4.  It's fairly comfortable not to bad.5.  It's priced fairly good for what your paying.Cons:1.  The shoe materials are some what average, and some parts don't really seem to sturdy in the construction which concerns me already. (The lip in front and sides)2.  SIZING!  I am generally a size 11, however I have a wide foot.  Some people have stated on here it's puma sizing and so you should go a size larger.  This is not correct in my opinion.  First off if you order a size bigger it's simply going to be slightly wider and longer.  However when you put the shoe on, it's going to feel comfortable but your going to have about 3/4 inch extra in the front.  So to correctly get the size that's best for you I recommend only going a size above IF the current size you've been wearing in other shoes is always tight and your toes are cramped in the front of the shoe.  If you find the size your wearing is tight on the sides where the shoe curves in, then just get a wider size.  People have also said that you should order a size larger because it can feel tight on your feet even if it fits, but being the owner of numerous Puma shoes in the past, I've found that after about 1 month the shoes break in and don't feel tight anymore.  So in conclusion if you are normally a size 9,10,11,12 etc then stay with that size and just get a size wider if your concerned about it being a little tight around the curve.  However if your all about maximum comfort then yes go for a size larger so you can have maximum space.
B0058XF6JY Bad Design!  Make sure you get one size over your actual size....or ur screwd!! When I first received this item, it was all over "FANCY" website, and looking as though its a hip item to have, I doved in and bought this item.  Upon receiving, the first thing I noticed is that the Tounge portion of the shoes is actually a one piece sewed in together...therefore, you cannot adjust and stuck in trying to fit the shoes to comofort.  Do not buy this product, and if you do, make sure you buy 1 ....one....size over your actual size.  I do like the lightness of the shoes...its super light, and that's about it.  I give this shoe 2 star...for its POOR QUALITY DESIGN......I guest that's what happen when u buy things from CHINA....useless! no Quality oversight! Made in QUANDUNG-CHENG-CHENG-----CHINA! BAD...NO GOOD!  NIHOW!
B0058XF6Q2 Just Great! Great fit and feel.  It seems that Pumas run a little smaller than Adidas, so ordering a half-size larger is a good idea.
B0058XF6Q2 ran small Didn't seem true to size. Fit is very snug compared even compared to another size 7 pumas of the same style.
B0058XF6Q2 Men's puma fast cat Great shoes. I love them, had to get them a half size bigger to make sure they fit properly. Anyone wanting to buy these should get them a half size bigger
B0058XF6Q2 not good shoes arived latewhen i tried these on im a size 10 but these shoes for some reason are very tight and hard to put oncan i please get a partial refund on these shoesthank you
B0058XF6Q2 uNSAT THIS ITEM SAID THAT IT WAS A SIZE 10 BUT DIDNT EVEN COME CLOSE TO FITTING. WOULD NOT BUY THIS ITEM ONLINE AGAIN.
B0058XFAJU too big fits much larger than size 12. it fits almost like a 12.5 or a 13. Definitely buy a half size smaller than your normal size.
B0058XFAMC puma sneakers I love the look , once i tried them on they were very tight&#8230;I ordered a bigger size and now they are too big
B0058XFAMC Puma Drift Cat Best fashion sneakers from Puma. Buy one size larger than your size if you don't want the fit to be like your soccer shoes.
B0058XFAMC Awesome The shoes were great however I ordered the wrong size and had to return them which were promptly refunded and ordered the right size.
B0058XFJTQ Good shoe, wrong sizing. Based on the Puma size chart and the current pair I own, I should have fit the size I ordered, W8.For some reason, these are extremely generous!Like an entire size too large.  Maybe they made it larger to allow for 'hiking socks'?Either way, I had to return them...sigh...
B0058XFJTQ they work They're cute, Lakers colors, we hike all the time and these are great, I just want to get some heel pads for comfort. i got a half size bigger than normal and they fit wonderfully....
B0058XFP86 Love them! Wish the other colors were in my size.
B0058XFP86 Love da shoes . . .not the size These Pumas are a fantastic slip-on shoe. Love the color selections as well. The only issue is the size. These shoes tend to run small. I ended up getting a full size up from my usual size. I love the Puma brand and would buy another pair in a heart beat. These shoes were shipped out quick which is always a plus. Thanks. Another happy customer.
B0058XFP86 CHose bigger than your size They have real problem with sizes ..I couldn't wear it even once ..Its good to order the size added 1 or 2 (EUR)
B0058XFP86 Watch for size!!! Loved the shoes, they were small but the return was fast and I'm already waiting the new size.I will update in case .5 more is not enough.
B0058XFP86 I like them I should have got a half size larger, my fault. It didn't take too long to break them in. Great shoes and very light.
B0058XFP86 nice great looking shoes great shoes, very well in support, and actually it holds well to my leg as i was worried with it not having any laces,only pointer i need to flag is when buying a puma you would probably better buy it half a size bigger than what you usually wear, but eventually it will stretch out to your size,great shoes :)
B0058XFP86 Look great but be careful when choosing the size if you don't have amazon prime Love the way the shoes look..  Size can be a bit tricky.. try any puma shoe on to get the right before ordering them
B0058XFP86 Not the greatest I purchased two pair of these shoes for my son for school. They run about a half size to a size smaller than other brands of running shoes.I had to send the first pair back for a different size. The rubber on the toe came off after about 3 months of wear. The seams also came apart. He liked them because he likes velcro instead of laces, but the quality isn't there for $70 a piece.
B0058XFP86 Don't buy shoes online! These shoes are exactly what I was looking for and more. However, they are not true to size. The "D" after the US size is not explained, but even though I bought (& returned) 2 pairs, both sizes were extremely narrow & impossible to wear. Had I tried them on at a shoe store, I wouldn't have been disappointed by waiting for them (twice) in the mail.
B0058XFP86 Don't think twice, very comfortable shoe ! Very comfortable sneaker.Take in mind they are like gloves so consider taking one size more ( even half size more ).
B0058XFPLS Good I was debating between this and another puma which had similar looks.  Many of the reviews on that one said it ran at least a full size small but none on this one did.  I went a half size up to be safe and it is plenty big length wise so I would say stick with your size for this one.  However, it does feel narrow.  My Dad wears wides but I have never had an issue with regular shoes but these are my first pumas which I hear run narrow.  I have only wore them about 10 seconds so we will see how they test out after the slush outside goes away.  They come in cool eco friendly packaging too.
B0058XFPLS My size was not available during the time of purchase Nice good looking shoe that will fit well if you wear a size 12 1/2 with a heavy athlete sock.
B0058XFXA6 Not true 2 size I ordered many shoes in this style. First time ever I have not been happy with the size. Too late to return them I've worn them a few times thinking it was just me and not the shoe. I'm thinking they may have sent the male size versus the female size. The box does not state male or female to verify.
B0058XFYDC Puma old school Wearing size 15 shoe makes finding foot wear a challenging test of comfort and fashion. Normally shoes are basketball or track shoes in my size. Puma does not sell larger size in retail outlets, which is a shame. Nice finding these on Amazon, and the fit perfect and look great. I get compliments on them all the time and people ask wear did I buy them. I intend to get a couple more pairs.
B0058XG1CA I really liked it Comfortable and as shown in the pictures. My normal size is 11.5 and I got 12 as 11.5 is not available. But this size fit me nice and comfy too.. I am using it for daily usage and it does its job well. I would definitely recommend it and am glad that its in Prime
B0058XG7RO excelente Compra Excellent shoe.I usually wear a size 9.5 but this shoe size is a bit smaller so the 10 or 10.5 is my perfect size, has a very interesting way casual 100% recommendation. Excellent seller.
B0058XGI5A Buy larger size Definitely buy a size larger than normal, but otherwise good. Hopefully they'll hold together better than my last pair of pumas.
B0058XGI5A Great but 1/2 size too small I got these for my husband and he loves them!  However, I did have to exchange my original order for a pair that was a 1/2 size larger than his normal shoe size.  When he first got the larger pair, he still found them to be a little snug but Puma's have always been a little narrow in my opinion.  You just have to break them in.  He wears them all the time now.  Thank you, Amazon!
B0058XGI5A not match size I only use puma brand, i use 8 for men, and this size in this item is too small, this item is very thin,very small, i do not like , if you buy this item add one size more in my case i should buy size 9. Really puma brand is exellent quality, only this unisex sizes not match such as only men or women.I hope to help you
B0058XGI5A Beautiful shoes size 14D fits greats for someone who has a size 13 shoe size.  I'll recommend going a size up for a nice and better fit.  Quality of the leather is great and shoes looks very stylish.  Love my Pumas!
B0058XGI5A Outstanding quality and comfort. As I've found with most Puma shoes, I ordered them 1/2 size above my normal size and they fit perfectly. I really like the look of these &#34;motorsports&#34; inspired shoes.
B0058XGI5A Shoes smaller than expected They are too tight on my feet.  Should have gotten one size bigger.  Although I do wear size eleven in many other shoe brands. Now I have shoes that don't fit me and no one to give them to.
B0058XGI5A Seem to run a full size small. I really like the shoes, i just need a half size larger. I ordered a half size larger but they seem to run a full size small.
B0058XGI5A Nice shoe,  you need to buy half a size larger Cool design, but you need to buy half a size larger. (I purchased chocolate / brown / black / fossil color)
B0058XGI5A great shoe I love these pumas they are comfortable and I find them very appealing. I will say that you need to buy half a size larger than you normally wear. I'm a 10.5 but, this is my second pair of pumas and I've had to get an 11 both times.
B0058XGLKC Fits perfect and light as can be! I received a pair of these shoes to review and I had a choice of sizes. I wear a 13 so I got a 13, I'm not sure why other reviewers are knocking these shoes when they didn't order the size they wear, and if they didn't have the size they wore and they still ordered them it's a mistake on the users part and not a fault of the shoe itself. Order a size you wear and you'll love these!Now I never have owned a pair of puma shoes so when I got these I wasn't sure what to expect. They come packaged in the coolest red bag, they call it "a clever little bag" and I gave it to my wife and shes using it for misc stuff. It's a neat packaging concept and goes away from just a standard cardboard box, +1 for creativity.The shoes themselves are extremely light weight. I don't "run" professionally but I do have a treadmill and I do go for walks with my wife. I also mountain bike occasionally and these shoes are a perfect fit for all of those activities. They have great traction, they don't weigh you down and they provide enough support and protection without going overboard.In the end these shoes I can't complain. If you like how they look in the picture you'll love them. They are really nice shoes and Amazon has a great return policy where if there is anything wrong you can return them free, why wouldn't you try them out?
B0058XH1F6 Very comfortable! Really fast delivery from Amazon (as usual) and they are not only very comfortable but good looking. Wish their color selection was bigger.Oh, I took a chance and ordered an 8 1/2 med. since this was the closest to my size 8, and they fit perfect. So they must run a little smaller to-size.
B0058XH1F6 So cute These are so cute and comfortable. After reading all the reviews about size, i made sure to order a size bigger. I wear a size 8 but ordered a 8 1/2 , still just fitting snug. A nine would have been perfect. Either way they are really cute and can be worn with anything.
B0058XH4L2 Get a bigger size! They are super cute but I can't wear them because they are too small and hurt. Get a bigger size!
B0058XH4L2 Fun Shoes! I read the other reviews before ordering.  I typically wear a 9, but ordered a half size larger.  Ordering a half size larger was the right route to go. The 9.5 fit perfect.  I think it is a cute shoe. They are comfy and like having a casual shoe that I can pair with jeans.
B0058XH4L2 the size a little biger i wear EU size 37 usually,but for this pair,a little biger,i should buy 6 or 6.2it wears very light.  most materials is leather,but some parts is made by foam,not like expecting
B0058XH4L2 LOVE the shoe HATE the size The inside of the heel is stiff and the whole thing runs narrow - even though I have this exact item in 5 other colors THIS one cut holes in my heels in 15 minutes.  I ended up having to pay $15 to get them stretched out.  Make sure you can send them back - I should have worn them indoors first instead of outside, otherwise I would have sent them back for a half-size larger.
B0058XH4SA OK! Lightweight, Comfortable and Stable OK! These Pumas fit my needs. They are stable and give ankle and foot support. They are lightweight and flexible. They are not gaudy to the point of looking ridiculous. I find them great for jogging, but they would not be good for walking or for casual wear to the mall. The shape of the sole is designed to roll with the running foot, so they are not suited for walking or everyday use. One caveat:  I wear size medium 9 or 9 1/2, although 9 1/2 is a bit long for my foot. Still, I ordered 9 1/2, thinking my feet might expand a bit after a long, pounding run on hot pavement. Good idea, in theory, anyway. Bad idea with these shoes. 9 1/2 is too small. They are tight as soon as I put them on at daybreak to go jogging. I have never bought any shoe or boot in size 10, but if I could order again, I would order size 10.
B0058XH56Q shoes size smaller than expected. Someone say Puma size is smaller than others actual size. Might be true for me in this case. I ordered 91/2R (all my sneakers are 91/2), however its like kickin' in my butt cant stand for longer than 30'.  Get a pair of 10 n its fits right in.
B0058XH5D4 Size up If you wear a half size I suggest ordering up. I usually always were an 8.5 but I had to go up to a 9 and they fit great. Love the color and fit.
B0058XH5D4 Very Comfortable and Correct Size These shoes are great.  They are very comfortable and of good quality.  I bought these shoes while on sale; in past when I bought Puma's on sale they were on sale because they were sized wrong - no so with these shoes!  I ordered the size I normally wear and they fit perfectly.  I highly recommend this product.
B0058XH5D4 I love them! I really enjoy these shoes! They are true to size. I love the sparkles and the bright pink and purple colors!!
B0058XH5D4 Size run SMALL I don't recommend ordering online, unless you've tried them on at a store first. I sadly had to return my size 8 for a refund.  Would have enjoyed them, if they fit.  Purchased for $43 (Amazon sale),  normally $80.  I would NEVER pay $80 for any shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Stylish athletic shoe Bought the pink & purple version while they were on sale because I was looking for an obnoxiously colorful workout shoe, and these fit the bill. They are bright, and I get many compliments on them.  I bought mine a half size bigger (like alot of other posts say), but I always buy my workout shoes a half size larger anyhow, so I was confused as to whether to go a full size up or not, I took a chance and just went with my usual half size up and I'm happy I did, they fit well adn very roomy in the toes.  There is not enough arch support for my arch, but I still find them comfortable after a 2 hour workout.  Wish there was a bit more padding in the soles though, that's the reason for the 4 stars.  Definately satisfied with the shoe, would buy other colors just for leisure wear.
B0058XH5D4 Comphy , but a little stiff I think I just need to break them in. I ordered a size up, based on the previous reviews. Good for walking.
B0058XH5PM Very comfortable Size is right on.I wear a 10.5 in other shoes and the 10.5 fits perfect.Feels more like a glove for your feet ,rather then shoes.
B0058XH5PM Size was off Pumas vary too much in thier size. Unfortunately these were way too large for me. And the style of slip on doesn't allow you to tighten the shoe around your foot
B0058XH5PM not bad it was somewhere tight at the begining,and i felled hurt at my toes.but afer a week later,i felled better.i should buy a half bigger size and my regular.
B0058XH5PM Had to send back the first pair and order a second a half size larger Great shoe, almost as comfy as a bedroom slipper. But it's sized small, and ordering a half size larger is wise. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it isn't offered in all white. Failing that, the gray stripe is the least obtrusive design.
B0058XH5PM Larger size than normal was needed for me. Shoe was smaller in size than laced up pumas of same type. Will need a larger size for a comfortable fit. Sent back. Will order larger size.  I love these shoes, for some reason a larger size is needed.
B0058XH5PM Go a Half Size larger than you need These fit about a half size too small. I'm a 12 in every style of shoe, except, apparently, these. Should have ordered the 12.5.
B0058XH5PM very cool! I went the half-size larger and they fit perfectly..after about 2 days of wearing them--the stiffness had subsided. luv em!
B0058XH854 SHOES I BOUGHT THESE SHOES AND GOT THEM BUT TO SMALL AND REORDERED ANOTHER SIZE...I LOVE PUMA SHOES....I HAVE BOUGHT 3 MORE PAIR
B0058XHCDM Purchase half size up This sneaker is very sleek but tends to fit on the narrow side.  My suggestion is to order a half size bigger than your usual shoe size.  I usually wear a 7.5B US but ordered a size 8.0B US and it was more roomier and allows me to wear socks.
B0058XHD86 True size Well its true to size, durable, but I just use it in the locker room. I know it has good grip, cos I  was almost falling one day on the slippery wet locker room floor and was able to hold my feet firm on the ground.
B0058XHD86 Love the flp flop Very comfortable and fits perfectly. I got a half size bigger than I normally wear and they still fit very nicely. I would order again.
B0058XHD86 Very True to Size These flippy floppies are SUPER comfortable. And I love the colors! I have the white/green ones and the pink/grey ones. I wear puma tennis shoes and the 10.5 fits me perfectly, so I ordered the 10.5 flops as well. They fit, but they are made to fit perfectly to a 10.5 size foot. So if you're like me and like to wear flops a little big, get a size bigger than what you need. The 10.5 still fit and I don't think I'm going to get the bigger size, but I'll have to break them in a bit before they fit the way I like. They are great though, and seem really durable. Worth every penny.
B0058XHD86 Love these sandals (fits half size smaller to true shoe size) I love these flip flops! Very simple, comfortable and cute. They fit about 1/2 size smaller than true shoe size though. For example, I'm a size 8 in all other shoes, but these sandals size 7 1/2 fit perfectly!
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! Can't go wrong with the Romas. Pumas run slightly small so I ordered a 1/2 size larger and they fit fine.
B0058XHEBM Nice and Comfy! These shoes have nice styling and are comfortable.I ordered the size I normally wear for Puma's Whirlwind and Fast Cat, however this one was actually a bit too large, so I had to bring it down a half-size.Thanks Amazon for letting me return and exchange it hassle free!
B0058XHEBM Puma Shoes Puma shoes are great, only one thing that bother's me is the way they size the shoe.  I wear a 10.5 I had to get an 11 which is fine but a 11.5 would probably be better.  If you order this shoe, be sure and go one size bigger.
B0058XHEBM Need to make wider sizes!!! Wanted a wider size and thought the D/ M would fit but it didn't therefore sent them back and contuine to look for the large size. NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.If and when I find the wider size ill then be able to give a better opinion about the shoe.On the quest!
B0058XHEBM True to size great gift They were a gift for my husband. He likes them and says they are comfortable and fit true to size. It's nice to find an all white pair of shoes that are also stylish.
B0058XHEBM I'm wrong in size I'm wrong on the size, I think due order a size larger, maybe 8 , well err is human just cost me some money, but omitting that the shoe is comfortable sumamendo when walking
B0058XHEBM Love this Shoes! I read a lot of the reviews already made for these boots by other customers, the one recommendation i saw a lot, was to order half size larger than the actual size you want.And i want to highlight that recommendation, because i did that when ordering the sneakers, and the fit couldn't be more perfect.The sneakers are beautiful.
B0058XHEBM too small I like the product but it doesn't fit the size acording to your size chart and i would like to change it for a size 8 or 8.5 because i think by the size of the shoes it must be two size bigger for fit correctly
B0058XHEBM Not true to size. I got these shoes for my boyfriend.  He usually wears 10.5, but when he tried these on, he said he would need an 11.5 instead. His toes were smooshed in. They're a nice pair of kicks, don't get me wrong (looks wise). They offer no arch support and are kinda stiff.
B0058XHO94 Pumas classics Well, for starters, I ordered the wrong size. So I returned them and received the correct size with no hassle and with very quick shipping. Overall it was very simple and pleasant!
B0058XHQN8 Good Shoes for Cardio I use these for a kickboxing cardio class at the gym, my feet are comfortable for the entire hour. I recommend these shoes. I like Puma shoes in general and know what my size is, they fit true to size.
B0058XHY3K Still no running shoes. The shoes aren't too bad for the amount paid but I'm unable to wear them because they are 1 size too small... Who's is funny because u just ordered another pair of shoes at the same time and they fit perfectly.Little hint for future buyers... Go a size up.
B0058XHY3K Best tennies and overall walking shoes I tend to run between 8 1/2 and 9 and shoe size, so I usually have a pair in each size. I absolutely adore these shoes and have amassed seven pairs so far!0
B0058XHY3K Classic, BUT BUY A SIZE LARGE! Great color, love the turbulence grey. As with all puma get a size up. I'm a 9 in converse, a 9 1/2 in regular shoes, and a PERFECT fit in size 10 puma. Hope that helps, I know a lot of you have the classic converse so just get a full size larger than that and you should be good to go unless your feet are ultra wide. If your feet are really wide avoid puma shoes you will not get along.
B0058XIHF4 Size runs small This shoe runs a 1/2 size too small so I will be returning it.  Although I ordered the size I always wear and the shoe size is not true, Amazon ischarging for the return.  My advice if you want to buy shoes online is to doublecheck the return policy.  I would have kept the shoes if they fit.
B0058XIVRS just okay Shoe is okay...but not true to size....about a half size to small ......don't like the bulky sole .......and to tight over arch
B0058XIVRS Size is a quite small I bought size 39 cause I read this shoe was small size (I'm usually fit 38 - 38.5), but the shoe is almost one size smaller. Other than that is a nice shoe
B0058XIVRS osu sneakers I love the sneakers but I need to get them in a bigger size unless I wear them with very thin socks. Even then them are snug. I have actually gotten a pair of mens in my size and they are fine.
B0058XJJ88 so comfy i can walk in these shoes the ENTIRE day. my go-to for exploring the city and travel abroad with the added plus of being stylish - love this version of charcoal and pink (though not as fuschia looking as in the photos...more like a pinkish-coral). i also bought a half size bigger than my normal size.
B0058XKUMM Love them! I've owned Pumas in the past, so I ordered my size based on what I already own. These are a little roomier, but it's fine. They're super cute and comfy!
B0058ZYXFA what I expected fine, fits.  Pumas run small so I ordered 1/2 size bigger, even a full  size more than some shoes. that is all I have to say
B005901IP2 Too small Not true to size. I had to return it because it was completely unwearable in my size. I couldn't even just try to wear it out.
B00594F444 Cute shoe - runs a little big I have had several different pair of Puma fashion sneakers over the years, and I have always had to get a size 11. I ordered a size 11 in these and they were way too big. I debated whether to go down 1/2 or a full size and ultimately decided to get the 10 1/2. I'm glad I did because it fits just as I like. I prefer to wear these with no socks which leaves me with a little extra room but not so much that they're slipping off. And if I ever did want to wear a thin sock, there's definitely room. I got the 'ebony' color which looks just like it does in the photo - sort of shimmery grey/grey-blue leather combo with a black strap across the top of the foot. The shimmer is a nice touch and isn't over-the-top at all.
B00595IT2W Great!! Love these shoes! They even arrived 2 days earlier than I thought! :-)They are very comfortable and the size is accurate!
B00595JO44 Awesome! These shoes are just what I expected.  They are pretty comfortable, and the color is great (If you like LA Lakers purple / yellow).  I normally wear a size 12, and these size 12's fit me fine.
B00595JOOY If you can try on first, at a local store. Size:If you can try on first, at a local store. I have been size 12 for years by now, and most of my shoe are puma shoes. I always read that you should take them one size bigger cuz most PUMA shoes are narrower than the average shoe,but I have never had any problem. However, for the first time i actually felt that the shoe was slightly Larger (instead of smaller) than my other shoes. It has a narrow weight, but that didn't affect wide feet, and a longer pointy length. My feet are normally wider and that is why I am a size 12. So since I had no problem with the wide it ended up being a bit bigger than expected because of its pointy style. Although, they fit ok I should have selected 11.5 size.Shoe:Awesome, shoe for both casual and a bit more formal wear. I wish puma made more similar style shoes like this. Very conformable to.
B00595JOOY AWESOME! but get a slighter larger size I love it, my fave shoes ever. Will have to wait an see how durable they are. I'm concerned that they will wear out easilyYou should definitely get 0.5 size higher than your usual foot size, which I did and it fits great.
B00595JOOY Looks great but size is bit small Looks great but size is bit small, go for an size higher than your usual size. Worth the money! I love it!
B00595JOOY Fits Exact. TOO EXACT (Buy 1/2 size Larger or 1 Size Up If Intend to use for long periods of time) I would recommend buying a 1 Size Up if you intend to Use this shoe on a day to Day as it is an EXACT Fit. Come to think of it, I use this for work and I would recommend buying a Size Up. I had to put plasters on the back of my feet the first couple times using this shoe, making its way. well i still have to use it but i know this is only because it is NEW. so Consider A Size up or atleast 1/2. I use Size 13.UPDATE:Ok so I can no Longer Use these! They were indeed tight but I thought hey They'll Fix up EventuallyThat did not happen. One side is actually Tighter than the other due to a slight difference at the back. (heel). the other side is very snug and tight, this I can work with. I cannot wear these shoes for more than 35 minutes before the tighter side (Right) irritates the back of my foot leaving it RED! and aching. the other side(Left) however feels normal just Really Exact.I Really Wish I could give this shoe 5 Stars as I Previously Did but I'm Going to have to Take out 1.5 Star Leaving it at 3 Stars total Due to the Sizing and Inequality of the Pair.Other than that: These Shoes are BEAUTIFUL! From the time you put them on Its just a whole level of "Awesome". had they been the right size they too would be very comfortable. narrow but comfortable.There was no way that I could return these as I live in the Caribbean and shipping is VERY EXPENSIVE so I'm at a Major Loss Here.
B00595JOOY stylish and confortable From my previous purchases of Puma's shoes I knew I had to order a size bigger than my actual size and that worked in this case. This pair of shoes are very stylish/trendy and show craftsmanship and quality from upper to sole. If you figure out the correct size for your feet, they'll fit like a glove.
B00595JOOY Sizes run smaller than other sneakers I Had never seen this sneaker up close but they looked pretty cool in the pictures.  I normally wear a size 9.5 so I decided to lean on the safe side and ordered size 10.  They look great but did not fit as loose as I expected but will work if I wear some thin socks.
B00595JOOY One of the best Pumas This pair of sneakers is well designed, fits perfect and is extremely comfortable. It often makes me feel I  walking on air. I am accustom to buying Puma sneakers and the Vedano stands out as another Puma product which has stolen my heart. The seller was very timely in organizing and having this item delivered to my door step. As another purchaser had reviewed it is always good to buy a half size larger than your actual foot size, so I did and I can't regret that decision.
B00595JOOY Nice shoes I like the shoes, good quality.They just fit tighter than all the other size 10 1/2 shoes that I have bought in stores.
B00595JOOY Beautiful,  yet tight I've ordered these shoes on the internet, size 12.I only wear size 12 with no previous missfits.When arrived, shoes were too tight and unfurtinately I had to ship them back. (At my own expense as I ship intenationaly...) Shame there is no width option selection for this shoe.
B00595JOOY Be sure about your size b4 you order this shoes I loved how it looks.The only one thing you should keep in mind is to order the correct size, As I ordered it with my puma sports shoes in mind & it is a bit large for my foot. I would suggest to order a half size smaller than your sports shoes as its a leather shoe & without shoelace. So eventually it will fit you comfortably after you wear it a couple of times.As far as you sure about your size this shoe looks amazing & very comfortable to wear..
B00595JOOY very good very good product and very fast delivery. the size of this shoe is a litlle small. When you order, add a 1/2 of your regular size.
B00595JOOY Great quality Love these shoes. Wearing them in the rain today, have kept my feet warm and dry. I am a size 10(USA), and the fit is perfect!!!
B00595JOOY Awesome!! Very comfortable, and am getting the brown one as well.I can't wait to get it.What I like the most is the comfort, I normally wear size 10, but, size 11 was what I ordered, bcus I learnt to order it slightly higher.
B00595JOOY Nice looking gray Should have ordered half size larger, but I think it will stretch out. Nice looking gray.
B00595JOOY Get at least one size larger It's not what showing on the pics.I usually get size 8 but when I got this one on size 8 it was way small .Uncomfortable and too tight.Totally unhappy with this purchase.
B00595JOOY Wrong size... I have a small feet, I wear size 6 1/2 and 7, I bought size 7 on this one, it's too too small, I can't even put half of my foot in the shoe....I think they need to relabel the sizes....
B00595JOOY good choice After reading all the posted reviews I decided to purchase this item one size bigger than my fit. The fit is a perfect fit so anyone buying this shoe should buy a size larger.
B00595JOOY size The shoes were nice, in great condition.  But, the size did not match the item I baught.  They were too small.  I ordered at 9.5 and they were 8.5.  I didn't complain, and I baught a new pair of shoes.
B00595JOOY Good Production but wrong size !! It is a sleek & sharp shoe and may not fit for broad feet. Ordered this per my size but doesnt fit (little tight) so I go with .5 inch more to make myself comfort with it. But the product was good and durable.
B00595JOOY Good Quality but Too Small The shoe is beautiful in design and quality but is much smaller than the size indicated. I wear a 10.5 and bought a size 11. Should have gone to size 11.5.
B00595JOOY Wish they come with wider size I wish they come with wider width,it's kind of tight...but over all,like the style. Shipping was fast.If they do have my size,i will order again.
B00599DBJO Should've purchased a 1/2 size bigger I'm a size 11 and I purchased a size 11 but realized immediately when I put my foot in that I should've gone a 1/2 size bigger.  I love the color, the style; sizes run narrow, the product description should've implied this so that customers have the choice to purchase a 1/2 size or 1 full size bigger.
B00599E1GQ The size does not fit as indicated Before buying I checked the size but were very small and narrow. I should have considered the views of the other buyers are like criterion.
B00599E1GQ Very happy I ordered my shoes and recieved them in Australia within 8 days. I took on board what others reviewed and ordered 1 size bigger than my usual and they fit perfect. Have played two games in them so far and happy with them to this point.
B0059B4WV8 Great My daughter complained about her gym shoes that they made her slide inside the gym. I bought her these and no more sliding. She is a size 8 in woman's shoe. This are boys shoes so I got her a size 6 and it fit perfectly. Great soccer shoes.
B0059BE484 Nice looking shoes I got this shoes in 4 I normally wear 6 or 6 in ladys size and they fit really good. They're very comfy.
B0059BI3Z4 I love the design and colors Odered my size, but had to send them back because they were too small.  Got a 1/2 size larger and the fit is good.  Comfortable, but stiff. I'm told they will fit like a glove when they are broken in. But I bought them because the style and colors just jumped out at me.
B0059BJES4 Runs Way Too Big These shoes are really cute, and they are packaged well. They also seem pretty comfy. Unfortunately they run about an entire size too big. I am a size 9 in women's in every other pair of shoes that I own (and I own a lot of shoes), but in these the size 9 was about an inch too big for my foot. Now I have to go through the trouble of returning. I'm still excited to get my exchange though, because they do look really cute. I would just really recommend going about an entire size down from whatever you normally wear.
B0059BJES4 Great Shoes I absolutely love these shoes! Before this pair, I bought some DC's that can't compete with the Puma's when it comes to the comfort. I usually wear a size 7.5, but for the Puma's I would recommend to order 1 full size up. I ordered the size 8 at first and they were to snug so I had to return them for a 8.5. Size 8.5 fits perfect and I will see if I can find these in other colours!
B0059BJF7E Best low profile shoe Super stylish, low profile and very comfortable. I bought them a half size too big and I'm glad that I did. They fit perfectly. So I would recommend buying a half size bigger
B0059BJT8O ontime This product came early and was exactly as it said it would be.  It was a shame that I ordered the wrong size, but returning was easy, I plan on re-ordering in the right size.
B005B2H1FE reggae sneakers the unisex size was too big but i still like it because i was still able to wear it for ts intended purpose
B005B2H1FE A woman wear I wear these to my sons football games to go with his teams colors and they are very comfortable.  I ordered a small size the shoes would fit a size 7 on a woman and worked perfect for me.
B005BBADW8 These are adorable! I normally wear a size 8 but ordered an 8.5 based on the other reviews.8.5 had a little room, but were still fine.I liked them so much I ordered another color in a size 8.  I can't tell too much difference between the 8 and 8.5.They are a wonderful mesh material so they are SUPER comfortable.Great purchase.
B005BBADW8 Super cute I have owned a pair of Puma Anjans for about 7-8 years, and I LOVED them. I saw these online and had to have them. I typically always wear a size 9 (my old Puma Anjans were a 9, too) so I ordered the size nine and they were a little too small. I kept them, hoping they would stretch out and they have a little bit.These shoes are very comfortable (aside from the tightness). One complaint would be that I wore them to school one day when it was raining and I fell flat on my butt. They don't have great traction. Hopefully this will improve with time/wear. I would still recommend these shoes, but might suggest potential buyers to order a half size larger than they normally would.
B005CAYLM6 Careful with sizing... When buying this, careful of the sizing. If you intend on buying your shoe size make sure you buy one size higher! I bought a size 10.5 but really fits a 10. My toes had to be scrunched to fit into the shoe. Otherwise, if you  have a chance to try this one on first, find the right size, then purchase. The price is right, but the sizing is misleading and now I have to return it.
B005CAYLM6 Great Shoes, Although You Will Need a Bigger Size! These are great shoes and are very comfortable once you break them in. And they look fantastic with the large puma on the side. But be warned, these shoes run a bit narrow and smaller than natural size. I am a natural 10 and had to purchase an 11 to fit after returning a 10.5. So you may need to go a whole two sizes to get the right fit.Nevertheless, don't let the shoe running small detract you. These are good shoes and I recommend them to anyone.
B005CAYYOQ Do not buy this shoes, size incorrect! I bought the Puma Powercat 3.12 size 9.5 d (m) and this shoes looks like 8 so I could not put them on. I recommend not to buy this shoes.
B005CAYYOQ Looks can be deceiving Don't get me wrong, I gave it 4 stars just because they come a little bit bigger then your average size. I'm a 10.5 and they seem a bit slightly bigger then a 10.5. Other then that it doesn't affect my game on the field and I'm able to do what I do best, BUT you can still feel the over sized shoe.I got these because I'm a puma brand fan boy. They have all the qualifications I look in shoes. But specially they have 2 most important ones, Quality and comfortableness. Other brands just have quality and looks, but not that comfortableness that'll make your feet feel like Cinderella (Guy Version).I recommend this product to you if you're looking around. Just remember about the size issue.
B005CB59N0 Good Cleats! Not The Best Fit! These are very good and comfy soccer cleats that I just wish were available in a WIDER size. As I searched around and didn't find a wide one, I had to order a size 10 (I usually wear 9) so that my wider feet could fit. The cleats do fit well, but it would have been even more comfortable if they just designed a wider one for real men's feet.
B005CB59N0 Nice! I've had these shoes for about 2 months now and I've played soccer in them at least once every week. They're great shoes. All I have to say is that you make sure you get the right size, because I ordered a size that was a little small, but it still fits comfortably after wearing them often. They'd eventually stretch to fit your foot.
B005CC3PL2 great product it was a great product, unfortunately i ordered  a smaller size since it was in european sizing, so i gave it to my mother..and she is enjoying it
B005CCPVAK This shoe is in a women's size I thought the size listed was for men. No idea what the 6M means...must mean medium. I had to return.
B005CK4QE4 Great sneaker I bought a pair of sneakers for my 4 years old granson. They are so adorable,light, comfortable. He didn't want to get them out. The size is true. He is sise 10. I bought him size 10.5 and they will be great for summer. This feet look great. And he likes the color. I  will recomend it to my friends
B005CK4QE4 Trendy and can take some roughing I ordered this show in a size 10 because i read the reviews that it ran in a small size BUT IT DOES NOT .... my toddler daughter is a size nine and this 10 is miles tooo big! try and order the size that is exact for your child other than that GREAT SHOE from puma as usual!
B005CK4QE4 Great shoes Got these for my daughter and I love them. They're cute and the material they are made of is soft to the touch. It's pretty cool because you wouldn't know just looking at them. They are also kind of light weight. Which I can only assume make them more comfortable. The only complaint is they run a little small. Though size 12 still fits my daughter I got these in size 13 to give her room to grow but they are probably only a half size bigger than a 12. Overall, great shoes for a great price.
B005CK4QE4 runs really small I ordered these in an 11.5 for my son.  When they arrived, I saw that they are exactly the same size as his other 10.5 size Pumas, which are a slightly different style.  As a comparison, I just got another brand in the same size, 11.5, and they are more than half an inch longer.For these Pumas, order up at least a full size.  I wish I had returned mine.
B005CK4QE4 Great purchase! I bought these Pumas for my son with laces and I was constantly telling him to tie his laces! I loved the way they looked on him, so I tried these with velcro.  He got them for Christmas and he loves them (almost as much as his mom). I bought a half a size bigger than his size and they fit great. He doesn't complain of discomfort at all.  The leather is soft but the sneaker is sturdy.  I will definitely purchase again.
B005CK8YHO Lights are Amazing! Please order a size up. My son wears a size 1,  I originally I ordered a 1.5, it was a bit too tight. So I bought a 2 and they fit perfectly. Very light-weight and super cute. Perfect for your outgoing little one.
B005CKB0WA Puma Sneaker, blue Love these shoes..I bought them a half size too big so my toddler had room to grow. They are super durable, easy to get on and match everything my son wears!
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes True to size and very light weight!  My daughter is in first grade and is very excited about her new purple shoes.
B005CKB0WA Size smaller My daughter wears 8. I bought size 9 to be used in the near future, but it's just right for her know...
B005CKB0WA Great product/run small I ordered a size 9 for my son. They were a bit small- fit but not like other size 9 shoes- he would have def out grown them within like the next week. I exchanged for the size 10 1/2. Hoping they fit when they arrive. I am prepared for them to be a little bit big- growing room :)
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes! Order 1/2 size up They sure are cute! My little girl loves them. They have held up pretty well,  but I think Puma tends to run a bit small, so I'll order 1/2 size up next time.
B005CKB0WA Love the shoes, but had to go 2 sizes up My 2 year old has a different set of Pumas in a size 6 that fit perfect right now. I wanted to buy him a new pair that were a little bigger for when his size 6 becomes too small, and that had a little extra room to grow into. I bought him the size 7 in these shoes thinking they would be perfect but they were the same size as his other Pumas in a 6. We are waiting for the size 8 in these shoes, I'm hoping they will be bigger. My son doesn't have very big feet either, so it was surprising when the other Pumas in a 6 and these Pumas in a 7 were the same size. When in doubt with these Pumas go 2 sizes bigger. I still gave a 5 star because they are very nice shoes, even though the size was off for us.
B005CKB0WA Love these shoes This is the second pair of Puma shoes that I have bought for my toddler twin girls (we bought a second pair only because they outgrew the first). They love them and we love them. We did have to buy a size bigger because they run small. (i.e. size 6 fits great with these but they are wearing size 5 in other brands). Fit well, durable, very cute - lots of compliments.
B005CKB0WA Difficult to clean. This is not our first pair of Pumas so we knew that they run about 1 size smaller than other sneakers ( if your little one usually wears a 10, order 11).
B005CKB0WA Shoes run 1 size smaller We had to return these for shoes 1 size larger than his regular size.  The new size (2.5) give him a little more room.  He loves them!
B005CKB0WA Small!!! My son fits in a size 8.5 perfectly fine.  Bought these for the next size up and they are smaller than his current shoes.
B005CKB0WA Nice Shoe- order 1/2 size up My son loves these shoes. I followed other reviewers' advice and ordered 1/2 size bigger and they fit perfect (His regular size would have been too small). He says they are very comfortable, they look very well made, are light, easy to put on and take off, and they stay on. He even thinks they make him run wayyyyyyy faster.
B005CKB0WA i like the item, but it is too smal and my daughter can't use it the design is pretty, excellent collors, durability, shape, and  prestigious Brand, easy to wear, but the size showed posted, doesn't match wirth other shoes with the same size, so when  I choosed this pair, it fixes too small
B005CKB0WA Way too small Bought a size 12 for my son.  His size 11 foot would not even fit into the shoe.  Obviously mismatked.
B005CKB0WA This size 6 M US Toddler. Everything look nice! Only thing, this size look like small with 6 M US Toddler. I hope you investigate more to improve the size better, look like not right with their foot.
B005CKB0WA nice sneakers! They might be smaller than regular sizes! But very nice fabric and colors. I ordered size 2 (my son is regularly size 1, and they are kind of tight).
B005CKDW76 True to size. These shoes are adorable.  They seem to be pretty true to size and the quality is very good.  I will be buying in a larger size when she grows out of these.
B005CKHBP0 cool shoes but runs small this puma shoe is really noticeable but you have to consider the size before ordering..i bought adam stacy's drees shoes for my son in size 11 which has a lot of room for him to grow so i guess size 10.5 fits him. reading the other reviews about the size i ordered size 12 thinking that it will have room to grow but size 12 actually fits him with no room to grow so i returned it and get the 13.5 which actually is a bit big but his feet does not come out when he walks...well kids grow so fast atleast i can use it for a year.overall i am satisfied with the purchase, price and specially the customer service by amazon, which help me returning the smaller size and giving me the same amout of discount i used previously.thanks amazon.
B005CKHBP0 Great shoes, size run a little small Great shoes overall and as others said the size run a little small, get the next size up for your kid:Pro:SoftGreat lookingCon:Size run small, size 8 is a snug fit for my toddler, who is normally a size 7.Velcro/latch system isn't very intuitive, but works fine.
B005CKHVKK Love them After reading the reviews i went with a half size bigger to be on the safe side and they fit perfectly.:)
B005CKHVKK Watch out for size.. Very nice looking shoes..comfy n all but really be careful with the sizeeither try them in some stores then order online (bcz it's always cheaper online)ororder 1 size plus to what you regularly wear, (ex: if u wear 7 order 8)I wear 7 1/2 still I order 8 it fits so easily but my toes hurts bcz it is so not wide enough..n there was no wide option..I'm stuck with it( don't have chance to return) ..you guys be careful...
B005CKQ5S4 Great The price was nice  and the packaging was on point. The shoes are true to size and my little girl loves them.
B005COYRD0 one size to big I were a size 10 but did not know these tekkies run a whole size bigger.  No vacation sneakers, horrible....
B005CPBU2K Decent The size is exact should have went a half size bigger for my 8 year old to get a second season out of them he'll out grow them before any apparent wear good value good quality no complaints
B005CPEUG8 why pay for adult shoes whe my feet are the size of a kid I'm 25, 4'11&#34; and wear either size 3 in kids or 5 in womens. Depending on the shoe, I can go a half size up. Pumas usually fit tight, and for soccer you want a tighter fit for more stability, but I might have been able to go a half size up.
B005CPLYR6 Good Shoes - True to size I purchased these for my daughters soccer league and has worn them through 2 seasons so far.  No complaints.  True to size.
B005CPLYR6 Attractive, fits well, true to size I bought these 1 size larger than what my 7yo typically wears since Pumas are typically very fitted, soccer socks are thicker, and in past experience I have found soccer shoes tend to run small.  These soccer shoes were true to size.  7 yo has worn to practice and they were slipping off the heel, however, there was one more shoelace hole to use and this made it tighter.  Overall, a good buy, I am happy with these shoes.
B005CVWYPG Love the shoes. I love the shoes, but I ordered the wrong size. I will have to return for a larger size. It was my fault, not that of Amazon.
B005CVY9RW Size I'm wanting to buy this shoe for my now 5 month old, but am confused with the 1M and so on. Any idea on what size I should get? I'm rating this a 1 star for now since it doesn't really specify what ages can wear which size.
B005CVY9RW Perfect crib shoe! I love these crib shoes! They are perfect for my daughter who is 11 months old and beginning to walk. She goes to day care and we put shoes on her every day. I love the Velcro closure, let's you adjust how tight the shoe fits. Aside from the fit, they are very cute!I have found kids shoes to be really inconsistent in size; but generally, my daughter is growing out of her size 2 shoes (other brands) and so I purchased these Pumas in a size 3. There is some room for her to grow into them, so they seem to be true to size in length. They are wide if you have a baby with a wide foot and need the room these would be perfect.
B005DH3LS8 Puma Striped Pocket Tee I am 5'10" 160 lbs. Ordered a size medium. From the picture I did not think it would be as loose. Should have ordered a size down for a snugger fit around the waist. Shoulder/sleeves are perfect though. Colors are just like the picture.
B005DIQU9Y Feels great on. These pants are nice material! They are soft, smooth, flexible and all around comfy! I love the pockets and the drawstring. The bottom of the pant legs are looser than pictured, I personally prefer them to be more fitted. Same with the pant legs, they are not as fitted as they look in the picture. I bought the wrong size, could do with how loose they are in the leg, and I would buy a smaller size but I found something else that better suits me. Shipping is really fast, it shipped to me by standard shipping in 2 days. The seller is fast with responses. Great service as well! Also, if you're going by the size chart, go by the pant size. I followed the waist and hip size and it ended up being way too big.
B005DTR72W A size 12 I thought a size 13 would do but it was a little big , i want a size 12 thankyou
B005DTR72W Excellent Look Looks great, just as I expected it to look. The it is just a half size off from the true size. Overall I am pleased.
B005DTR72W nice I put on my black Levi straight jeans, Sean john white fitted t-shirt and put on this piece of red shoe and stare at the mirror....Hmmmm.... I nod my head and say to myself i love the way the red Puma makes me look...EPIC!!!!!! Its a must have people.... I wear a size 10.5 but for puma u need an inch higher.....I bought a size 11 and it fits perfectly
B005F17KYI Super cute and as described The shipping was super fast and the item is as described and fits true to size. The only thing I thought was weird was the size of the box it came in. Could of fit into a 8x11 envelope if folded right. Instead it came in a HUGE box that was the size of my kitchen table (which seats 6).
B005F17KYI Good Experiance This transaction worked well.  I ordered the wrong size and sent it back.  They allowed me to pick another outfit and re-order.  Smooth as can be.
B005F17KYI buy a little bigger We bought this for our 3 year old (bought a size 5T) and it fit him like a glove... we should have gone a bit bigger, but he has gotten about 9 months of wear out of it and it is still in great shape!
B005F17KYI Very nice but runs a little small My son loves this outfit but it fits closer to a size 5. He is outgrowing size 5 but still not quite tall enough for most size 6 pants and these pants fit so perfect that he will only get a few more months out of them.
B005F17KYI Sweet kids size track suit Well made, and accurate fit comparable to Adidas sizing, size 5 is the same for both brands.  My son was very happy to wear this to soccer practice and to school.
B005FWV85O Puma Women's Winning Diva Fashion Sneaker,White/Raspberry Rose/Orange these shoes are very comfortable. They look very feminine. I love the colors. excellent quality. I used the size chart to select my size and they fit perfect. I am very happy with my purchase.
B005HEJHYO Puma A little tight , should have ordered  a half size larger. One shoe lace was 5 inches shorter than the other.Seem very light.
B005HEJK3W Golf shoes i think the size i ordered was a 1/2 size too small. nevertheless they are very comfortable after a few rounds.  very stylish.  they have handled water on the course well. keeping me dry.
B005HEJK3W OWWW!!! my feet hurt The shoe label and the box label say size 11 which they were not size 10 at best, there is no indication pertaining to width. These shoes hurt my feet so much after nine holes they had to be removed. I had talked with an Amazon rep prior to wearing and she guaranteed me that these were the correct size. Needless to say these were returned, I was hoping to purchase another product but had to exchange for the same shoe in a larger size. We'll see when the new pair shows up.
B005HEL4W2 Run Small Very stylish and modern, however the size chart Run smaller than suggested...I would get a half size larger than normal
B005HEL4W2 Great product These golf shoes are perfect! They run true to size and look fantastic. I will be purchasing these shoes again and again.
B005HELTCM Puma Women's Golf Cat shoes size 11 Very pleased with the comfortable fit & soft soles.  I am looking forward to wearing them during our Summer months here.Normally I have to buy Mens shoes as it is not easy to get the larger sizes for Women.
B005HEN3GW HUSBAND &#9829;s these! These are by far the best golf shoes out there. They fit true to size, and my husband loves them!
B005HEP57C Very stylish and comfortable. Wore them the first time and played 18 holes with a cart. Feet felt fine. Everyone really likes the way they look. I wear a 10 1/2 or 11 sometimes... mostly 11s with tennis shoes. Got size 11 with these and they fit great. 10 1/2 would have been to small.
B005HEP57C Great lightweight shoe Just got these and I'm in heaven!  Lightweight and comfortable, these are just right for summer golf. The soft spike system does a great job of gripping on the course.  Just a note about sizing for those who are not regular Puma buyers. Personally I have found you need to size up one full size (I regularly wear an 8.5, but ordered these in a 9.5).
B005HEP57C What an odd size I have been a big fan of puma and have never had any problem with the shoe size till this time around. I order 7.5 as usual, but it appeared 1 or 1.5 size too big! :(
B005I70A96 great i would go up 1/2 a size from what your regular shoe size is. other than that these are great!
B005LCE58A Size It arrived on time and love the color and the size.  It fits perfectly in a Gym locker and yet has room for everything
B005LCE58A Excellent bag! Great price, great size, very durable. I work out 5 days a week and I am able to store 3 t-shirts, shorts, my shoes, random toiletries with room to spare. It also fits perfectly in a standard size locker. I can't think of any cons offhand.
B005LCE58A Good size This bag seems very durable and is the perfect size for fitting the average person's need for the gym.ads isdfbu hew
B005LCENDC Mistake The problem is mine to begin with,I should have check the size before purchase it, the size is to big for me to use it for my need.
B005LJ2VUC normal shoes nomal normal price :) materials are normal and the size is feeting :) its flexeable :) buy it dont think twice :)
B005OKXALW Classic My husband loves this style for summer. The size 12 in the color was a bit tighter than the size 12 in another pair we purchased at Nordstrom.
B005OKZ600 Runs really big These are really great looking but when I purchased for my husband - they run almost a size too big. And because of how the order is fulfilled - Amazon can't exchange or price match. So, I had to return them. The packaging is really cool and these sneakers are very light - would have been so great if the sizing was accurate.
B005OLK5QO Gotta Love my Pumas Big fan of Puma and there classic fashionable take on shoes. Bought with slight hesitance because I thought they where going to be to small. Turns out they are true to size. Slightly loose, but true.
B005OLLNII size difference They're a nice enough looking shoe, but be careful when ordering. My son got a pair of El Ace shoes last Christmas and has since worn them out. I ordered him this pair in the same size as the original style El Ace shoes that he already had, but they are MUCH larger, by at least a full size.
B005OT1UI8 Wrong size Unfortunately I ordered 1/2 size down as suggested by another customer, and it is too small. I should have kept to my own size . The silver is very pretty and they do run narrow, so that they will stay on while walking. My size is no longer available so back they go. It is a tough call when ordering shoes/sneakers on line. I usually depend on written reviews as to whether the shoes runs small or big, now I will have to think twice before ordering.
B005OT25G4 It was just too small I should know by now what size of shoe to buy.  These are great shoes I just had to get my regular size.  I now have that information written in ink on my wrist for easy reference when I order online.
B005OT9Q98 Love these! I have been wearing Puma speed cats for years. They are so comfortable and just all around the best shoes money can buy. Unfortunately for an unknown reason Puma discontinued the sale of the black and white suede speed cats and now only sells them in blue and red. Anyway this was the closest I could thing I could find. After reading several reviews I was a little bit nervous about ordering them and what size to order in the first place: some say order a half a size bigger others say a full-size. On a wing and a prayer I ordered a half-size bigger and hoped for the best. Just got them in the mail and they fit perfectly so there you have it order at least one half-size bigger.
B005OTA9R6 Puma Dance Sneakers The shoes are fine.  Had to return first order because they ran a little short.  Was able to reorder and get a half-size larger.
B005PVNAT2 The style is fresh but... it's true, they run 1 size too big I saw reviews on this shoe that mentioned this style runs a size too big. So being a guy, I ignored that and chose my size, ha.When they came in, I was excited to try them on... and yes, they felt a size too big. So, I returned them and got 1 size smaller. They're perfect.
B005R531DG Excellent pick Excellent pair of sneakers. My daughter loves them and so do I. They are true to size but should have picked a size bigger because she has long feet and might soon outgrow them. They are very beautiful and the quality is excellent.
B005S0PF1G Beautiful but size not true These sneakers are absolutely beautiful and so cute on the little feet but not really true to size.  Would definitely order a size or even two sizes bigger.  I had to return the product twice to get the right size.
B005S0PF1G comfortable and ligthweight I have bought puma sneakers for my toddler kids for about 3 years and they are very nice, comfortable and modern shoes, runs true to size and ligthweight to wear them every day.
B005S0QEXE Wrong Size I bought this as a size 4 Big Kid and received a size 4 small kid...the sizing is too confusing
B005S0QEXE runs small My daughter is a size 9 in most shoes, some 8.5 and I originally ordered size 9.. WAYYY too tight and small. I exchanged them for size 10, which seems HUGE b/c she's nowhere near a size 10 in anything but these seem to work in Puma. Order next size up, they run small.
B005S0QEXE Wrong size I ordered size 8, but arrived #6 inside a #8 bag. Didn't expect great brands could make big mistakes. Lost Money!!!
B005SF8SE2 Size This is a nice pair of shorts, but the mesh inlay is too small. Cuts into my thighs right at the groin area. Buy a larger size, or cut the mesh out.
B005SFAYVW "Runs SMALL" is an understatement My mom purchased the purple one for me for Christmas in a size XL since the previous review said to size up one size.  The jacket itself was adorable and I loved it, but it was TINY.  It fit my sister who wears an XS.  I honestly thought maybe it was mis-labeled and was a child's jacket, but it wasn't.  Unfortunately, the jacket doesn't exist anywhere anymore in any size larger than an XS.  I am so bummed!
B005SFW16S great track pants, but sizing issues Puma have a weird way to chart their sizes. Almost any track jacket runs one size smaller, but with pants there no consistency. Sometime they run true size and other times too large. Other than that Puma is great in any other aspect. Quality is always tops.
B005ZFCUIA Great Sneakers This shoes is very comfortable and looks even better than the picture.  I usually wear size 8 but bought 8 1/2.  Highly recommended.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy, albeit it a bit snug I ordered half a size up from what I usually wear and they're a tiny bit more snug than I would have expected. Don't get me wrong, they're not awful and I didn't exchange for bigger size, just know there is no room to spare. I absolutely love the colors and they are comfy, so I have been wearing them all the time. Running, walking, elliptical, biking...I've done it all and they haven't failed my expectations yet! :)
B005ZFCUIA True to size! They were not as narrow as I thought they were gunna be! They are true to size. If you're a size 9 buy the size 9. I bought the 9.5 and had to return th! But the return process was a breeze!!! I love amazon!
B005ZFCUIA Order at least half a size larger than your normal size I normally wear a size 8 in sneakers, however I needed an 8.5 for a perfect fit. Once you find the right size they are very comfortable. I work in healthcare and am always on my feet standing or walking for extended periods. They do the trick, I am very happy with these sneakers.
B005ZFCUIA Buy a half size larger than normal As other reviewers had mentioned these run about .5 a size too small. Buy up a half size and they fit perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Bad experience! I ordered puma running shoes and order 5& 1/2  size but they are like 6 because they are too big and gave me a blister right foot on first day I wear them ;(
B005ZFCUIA They Run Small I'm glad I read the reviews before buying. I wear a size 8 and was glad I opted for a size 8.5. They fit perfectly. They are incredibly comfortable and stylish of course ;) All in all, it was a great buy! And Amazon Prime's free two day shipping is always on point!
B005ZFCUIA love the shoes They run just a tad small in size but would struggle if I get a bigger size... love the color and the support.
B005ZFCUIA size fit small I wear an 8 or 8.5. I ordered a nine so I can have wiggle room. The size 9 is snug no wiggle room. But they are still comfy.
B005ZFCUIA Three Stars Comfortable but definitely order one size bigger than your normal size.
B005ZFCUIA Too Small Go a size bigger! They will be too tight around the toes if you do not order either a half size or one size bigger then your normal size. Kinda disappointing when i first went to try them on and my toe went straight to the top of the shoe. But once i got the right size they are comfortable to walk all day in. Would not recommend running in this shoes, not enough support on the arch area for that. Still love them!
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoes I love these sneakers so comfortable! And love the colors! I usually wear a 7.5 but got them in an 8 prefect! I would go a half size bigger when buying them
B005ZT6ODS Product as described They were the right size and comfortable for my daughter.  She wears a size 16.  The quality seems comparable to the price.
B005ZT6ODS Waist band is not good quality and way larger for size 8-10. Material is thin and good for the summer but Waist band is not good quality and way larger for size 8-10.
B005ZT6RZ8 Adorable My daughter looks adorable in this set. Held up/washed well. Fits true to size. Excellent price. Overall happy with purchase and will probably buy the next size when she grows out of this one in a different color!
B005ZTUX76 Loving it! I ordered one for my daughter, size 2, (true to size, great material, very pretty) I fall in love with it, ordered another one, bigger size, for when my daughter is bigger. that's how much I loved it :)
B006455HN0 Size runs LARGE! I normally wear a 7 1/2 in a sneaker so my husband surprised me with this shoe since it is EXACTLY what I have been looking for. When I received it was HUGE! So he returned and I went ahead an ordered a 7 thinking that should do it. Nope it was HUGE also. I own a pair of Pumas and they are a size 7. So they do run smaller, but this particular shoe must run even smaller. Hoping that with this return a size 6 1/2 will be the correct size... I will update when I receive. ;)
B0064V7UUM Sizing runs a tad small I rely on size 9-11 products to be true to size fit and these unfortunately are not.  I realize they are no-shows and will be low but they slide down on the heel now and then and that's a bad fit.  I have found Champion brand to have a more comfortable fit for larger sized feet.  I can wear these but I am glad I only bought one three pack and I won't be buying any more.
B006IWD6HS Great Cleat. looks great My oldest son use them for Rugby, great quality. He loves them. The only thing that you must pay attention is in what size to choose this cleats fits tighter the other brands in the same size. Order 1/2 size bigger or 1 than other brands.
B006IYT7ZG Fits well and very durable They fit well, true to size and I cannot get my son to take them off now. Will order more as he grows out of them.
B006IYTB1Q My son loved the shoes My son ordered the wrong size then sent it back.  The return process was easy and quick.  The shoes are exactly what he expected and friends & family love the look.
B006J7WSEY Great shoes! My 10 yr. old daughter loves them!  I did order up one whole size and they fit perfect! Will be buying again!
B006J7WSEY Runs a little small We ordered size 1.5 for our son who wears size 1 shoes normally. I wish I'd gotten a size 2 because these are already quite tight. Other than that, they're fine--just cleats for kids soccer.
B006J7WSEY Nice cleats but run extremely small. These are great looking cleats but they run at least a full size smaller, my 8 year old daughter wears a size 3 in running shoes (Adidas), I got her a size 4 hoping she could wear them the whole season but they were smaller than her size 3 sneakers.
B006J7WSEY Good quality.  Buy bigger size Fits comfortably.  Seems to be built well.  But buy larger!  My son wears size 1 running shoes.  We bought size 2.5 in this Puma because of other reviews.  They were right.  Fits small already.  Plus adding 2 socks = 1.5 sizes.
B006J7WSEY sized smaller then expected Bought for my daughter who out grew her size 1. Was worried a 2.5 would be to big bur size 2 was sold out so I purchased a 2.5 and its a good thing I did. I will be lucky to get 1 season out of these cleats which is sad because they are super cute.
B006J7WSEY Good Fit My daughter loves that they are pink and black. Seem to fit narrow (works well with her feet), also the laces keep coming untied. I'm not sure if this is the type of laces or that she messes with them. She wears a size 10.5/11 is regular shoes. I ordered size 12. They are a little big but she does fine in them. Overall great shoe for the price.
B006J7WSEY just OK my son loves these soccer shoes, unfortunately the size is not so accurate to other shoes of the same brand
B006J7WSEY shipping wrong size I orderd size 5. When I received them I didn't check the size.Next day my son weared the shoes to the football class.After he came back home from school he complaint that the shoes are too small.Firstly I don't believe because I thought size 5 is enough for him.But he said his feet are really painful.Then I checked the size in the shoes and I found they are exactly size 4.I don't know if I can return the shoes.
B006J7WSEY Buy a half size up. Bought these shoes a half size up because of what other reviewers said.  They are well made and fit well.  We're several weeks into the soccer season and my son has no complaints.
B006JCTRDO Wrong size Size description through me off don't understand some of the abbreviations I ordered the wrong size more than once because of a poor description on the main page.
B006OEY2NC Order Larger Normally wear 11 or 11W.Ordered 11.5W and too tight.Probably needed a 12W or 12.5W...although correct size is apprximately $40 additional.Fine other than small size.
B006OEY2NC WRONG SIZE SENT! Golf Anything sent a 9.5 instead of the size I ordered, which was a 12.  Hassle to return the shoes.
B006OEY2NC Exchanging for Larger Size Great quality, my husband loves the color schemes, and the brand. We just ordered a size too small. Package was delivered early, well-wrapped, and in great condition. No complaints, only accolades!
B006OEY2NC too small must be sized wrong They must be sized wrong. Too tight and short. How do I return them for refund. Do not want to try another size
B006OEY2NC nice and functional shoes. Should have ordered true size and not half up as recommended Can't say a thing bad so far but have only used them twice. For the price, it's a steal so far.Being 9 D shoe size, I let myself go with other reviewers and ordered half up. The shoes fit a bit long and had to lace them up tight. But it works. I won't return them, as I feel very comfortable in them. I think that in my case my true size would have worked fine. Worst case scenario, a tad bit narrow but as the shoes are so soft I don't think it would have mattered
B006OEY2NC beautiful the shoes are beautifully designed and the size was just as I expected. I can't wait to go out with these!
B006OEY2NC size it right I normally wear size US 11.  That is what I ordered but had to return them, waaaay to small , reordered US 11 1/2, still a bit tight on one toe but usable.  other than the size issue they are comfortable, stable, and look very good.
B006OEY2NC A bit snug, but good shoe First time having a pair of spikeless shoes, and let me say, there's not need to worry about a lack of grip, as there's plenty of it.Now, in regards to fit itself, I wear Pumas a lot.  To me, they're my favorite brand of sneakers, and I fit their size 12 perfectly.  However, this shoe, was a bit snug.  Not small enough to warrant a return from me, because the next size is a 13, and I think it would then become too big.  But if there's a half of a size you can go up, do it.
B006OEY2NC Order a larger shoe I wear a 12, I ordered a 12, it came in 12  but feels like 11.If you order this shoe make sure you order a size larger than you wear.
B006OEY2NC Very pleased. My size is 9 1/2 2E.and the Puma golf shoes fit great. I ordered online as i couldn't find my size  in any store I went to. The quality was very good, but I did water proof them just to be on the safe side. I am glad I orderd them and will order again when I need new ones.
B006OG0FA4 You need more wide sizes... They seem kind of tight across the toes.  I wish you had a wide size in more of your shoes.  I'm not sure I can use them.
B006OG0FA4 size issue I like the design.It is a little bit smaller than other brands. I changed one size bigger and it fits.
B006PF0UTA GREAT QUALITY PUMA's material is great quality, doesn't fade, but does tend to run small or true to size. I would order a size up if you aren't quite sure.
B006QNQSV0 Uber cute but sizing off I love the Puma Zandy, and I own 2 pairs. Unfortunately sizing is very inconsistent in this shoe. Even between the two pairs that I own, one is a little snug and the other fits just right.I tried these in the purple in the size I already own. They are at least 1/2 size too big.Such a pity that the same Brand, same model is not the same in different colors and textures.
B006QNQUH2 Not very comfortable I normally wear size 8 of Puma running shoes, so I purchased size 8. However, my foot hurts because it is too tight and not sure if I can still return it.
B006QNQUH2 2 left shoes Would have loved the shoes in a size nine, but two left shoes were sent. One a size 8 and one a size 9.
B006QO2SD6 Puma Puma brand is always true to size and Amazon always sends me messages when they have something new in stock.
B006QO2XP4 Lightweight but sturdy These shoes are really comfortable!  If you are unsure of what size to order, go up a size as they fit a little snug.  They also look great on and are a great option when you want to wear sneakers but not a standard running shoe.
B006QO4NHK Nice shoes for the price I usually wear Nike LunarFlys, so I ordered the same size shoe for these.  The fit is perfect, and they're very light.  I've only had them out a few times on the trails.  They dig into the dirt really well, especially on up hill climbs.
B006QOI4L6 Puma shoe I ordered this for a class I will be taking tomorrow in Portland. I ordered the European size 40, the size I normally wear, but they will require some stretching. I fear I will have sore feet after 4 days of wearing them...OR, they may finally be comfortable. They arrived on time and they are very attractive.
B006QOI4L6 PUMA PERFECT! Love the feel and style of this shoe.  PUMA tends to run a half size smaller in my experience. I wear a 71/2 normally, but ordered an 8 and fits beautifully!  I will most definitely purchase similar products here in the future. Arrived as specified.
B006QOI4L6 Nice shoe but size is off I've always liked Puma shoes,  but finding a standard size is difficultI've had t buy anything from a 6 /12 to an 8  Puma needs to make it's sizes more standard
B006QOIEY8 i liked i liked it very much it is true to size, it is very comfortable and looks very pretty :)) It is not big fits well
B006QOIGTG Puma GV Special Game Shoe My husband loves these sneakers.  Great fit. But would recommend a bigger size than your original size. I might have to get him another pair.
B006QOIP88 Run smaller Very nice looking sneakers. Very light, breathable and comfortable. I give them 4 stars, because they run smaller in sizing. You have to order half size bigger than you normally wear.
B006QOJ3HK Happy Birthday to me! I ordered my normal size, and they fit just right. Comfortable and lightweight, and I have received several compliments on how they look.
B006QOJ3HK too big It should be precise this model is for men. the size I got is to big for me, looks like men's size not women
B006QOJ8PM Great buy! Not at all as some reviews stated. They fit very good, I am a tweener, 9 1\2, and 10, I ordered a size 10 and they're a perfect fit and they look great.
B006QOJ8PM awesome but... great shoes very comfy awesome quality but they run small i actually bought them an size bigger than what i am and still had to exchange them for a bigger size ,,, i do have too say amazon makes it very easy and fast to return or exchange things and so i am waiting for bigger size shoes which will arrive tomorrow ...
B006QOJ8PM Too small Shoes are smaller than size stated, especially in the width. I'm a size 9 1/2 US and the size ten fits way to small. So it's best to order 1.5 size larger. Quality shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Puma Tazon 5 Sneaker I love these shoes, especially the looks of them, which about beat anything on the market as of this writing.I would buy more of these shoes if there was a greater choice of sizes.  I wear size 12, and many of the Puma shoes available on the Amazon website are in smaller (sometimes larger) sizes only.  Is it possible to remedy this?
B006QOJ8PM Awesome These shoes are great. They fit snug and low profile like most Pumas. Other reviews are exactly right however, order a size bigger. I normally wear a 10.5 but ordered an 11.5 and they fit great. Very light weight and stylish.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe I have ordered many shoes.  I wear a size 10.5 but the last 3 Puma's I have ordered in 11 for the fit.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Great shoes! I am really happy with them. They are certainly true to size though. If you aren't sure what size your foot is, don't guess.
B006QOJ8PM Nice sneaker Really nice sneaker...very sharp looking.  Ordered a half size bigger than I normally get and it fits well.  With so many sneakers out there to choose from, I always go to my good old reliable Pumas.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome but buy a half size bigger than usual I bought these for my brother for Christmas and he loved them.  And then my husband was jealous so we bought him a pair too.  Just be aware that Pumas seem to run a half size small so you need to order a half size up from your usual size.
B006QOJ8PM Puma still makes a great shoe Initially ordered a 1/2 size larger as I did with my last two pair of Pumas.  Well, this model runs true to size.  Great return policy by Amazon.  Just got the correct size and they look and feel great.  I bought them for walking not running.  Sturdy heel, flexible front and good cushioning combined with breathability and comfort.  Yes, they are narrow but I prefer that.  They fit snug but not too snug.
B006QOJ8PM Loving them so far! I've had my Puma Tazon 5's awhile now, and I am currently pleased with them!I did NOT order a size/half size bigger, and I'm glad I didn't, as they fit perfectly... No pun intended, but I believe some people people do not know their actual shoe size, is all...Anywho, the shoe is super comfy, lightweight, and excellent support!.. I needed these cross-training shoes for help with weightlifting. Traditional running-shoes(my Reebok Zigtechs) just broke down, due to the flimsy foam-like base of the shoes, which they obviously make that way for lightweight running. However, the Tazon 5 has a durable base, so I can train in them efficiently, and comfortably! Thanks Puma!
B006QOJ8PM Buy a larger size than normal I usually wear a size 9. I bought a 9.5 as some reviewers stated these shoes run small. I have narrow feet. These fit me perfectly going up a half size. Someone with wider feet would be unhappy with these. They are great for me however.
B006QOJ8PM Buy one size bigger I have had experience with Puma shoes before, so I knew to buy one size larger due to how narrow they normally are. Fit was great and very comfortable out of the box.
B006QOJ8PM Love them~ They run about a half size big, but still fit well.  Exactly as pictured. Very comfortable. Look great with scrubs.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe but sizes are off I love the style of the shoe but they do not fit . What ever size u are go up one size . I ordered a size 9 and they are very tight . I guess i shouldve read the other reviews . Im gonna return and see if i can get the next size .
B006QOJ8PM PUMA SHOE I WARE A SIZE 10, THESE ARE NOT A SIZE 10, UNFORTUNATELY I HAD TO RETURN THEM FOR THIS REASON. IF THEY HAD FIT I COULD HAVE GIVEN A BETTER REVIEW.
B006QOJ8PM Order your normal size. I gave these Puma Tazon running shoes 5 stars for the quality and fit. After reading all the reviews I was really wondering what size to get. Should I order a half size up or just stick with my usual shoe size of 13? After much thinking I decided to go with my usual size and they fit perfectly. I consider myself to have average feet and never need to get the wide or narrow version of a shoe.As for the quaity? I have had then a few weeks and even ran them through the washing machine once to keep them fresh and they still look new. This is my 3rd pair of Puma's and the previous two pair held up very well. Shoes like these make me a loyal brand name shopper so far.
B006QOJ8PM The quality of the shoe is excellent. I ordered a size larger because of the comment on the web site that they may be a size small.
B006QOJ8PM they are half size smaller not a full size in the reviews every body said that it was  1 size smaller and it is not it s half size smaller i am a size 10 and i odder a size 11 and it was a little big not too much but it was big , so go for half a size bigger not a full size .
B006QOJ8PM wrong size returned them.  my hubby wears the same size in almost all shoes... this was too tight and small to keep. nice shoe though. he did not want to exchange he wants to try them on
B006QOJ8PM Great, light running shoes These shoes look and feel great, very light and comfortable. Definitely go up a size if you have normal size or big feet.
B006QOJ8PM Order 1/2 size larger The sneakers look and fit great.  As others have mentioned, they run a bit small.  I ordered mine 1/2 size bigger and they are perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Love puma These shoes are great and fitted just right. I thought about ordering a half size up but I went ahead and got my regular size and it fits just right.
B006QOJ8PM consider upping a +0.5 on your shoe size I'm glad I purchase this after reading all the review on how it's a little tight on the side.Shoes fit perfectly after I ordered it as 10 instead of my usual 9.5 size
B006QOJ8PM The texsture of this product is very hard. Not a very comfortable to wear especially on a long walk. Size 9D is the size I wear for any Athletic shoes but this one is too small and it was hurting my feet. Had to return via UPS.
B006QOJ8PM GREAT SHOE! Fit Very nice, a half size i thought was necessary at first, but after walking for 10 seconds in them, they were perfect!
B006QOJ8PM nice looking sneakers. got it for my son who is very picky about his shoes and he loves it, fits true to size.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes Thanks to all who said to order a half size up!  The shoes are good for cross training, or where a flatter sole is needed.  Happy with purchase so far.
B006QOJ8PM Order a size bigger Shoes were a gift. I ordered them a size bigger and they fit perfectly. Shoes are very comfortable. . .
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Fit well on a wide foot with a classy look. I ordered a half size up from usual shoe size.
B006QOJ8PM Another great pair of Puma's!! Great Puma shoe, just as described. The shoes are very comfortable and perfect fit even for me as I typically wear a wide size. These are a running shoe, however I wear them as I my street shoes or sometimes to workout in as they look great even with jeans.This is my 10th pair of Puma's and I love them all! I would recommend to anyone getting a pair to buy a half to a full size bigger than normal because they do run small. I typically wear size 10, but with Puma shoes I buy size 11 and they fit just perfect. I can't wait to check out the BioWeb Elite Running Shoes, they look awesome!!!
B006QOJ8PM Puma's a great shoe The first mistake was to read the other reviews which stated the shoes run small, and to get them a size bigger. Doe's this mean a full size or a half size? My shoes are a true size. The statement about the width is correct, they are thin, but these are running shoes and most runners are fit, and don't have wide feet. My first pair of Puma's were in 1976 when my dad was stationed at then West Germany, during the Cold War. Loved them then love them now.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Shoe - Looks Great Had to return because size did not fit.Sad because they looked great.  Like puma shoes.Did not have my size so had to order a diff pair :(
B006QOJ8PM Get bigger size The sizes run a little small so I would recommend to get a size larger. Plus they kinda squeeze my feet
B006QOJ8PM Runs small I originally ordered 10.5, but had to return for an 11.  Just ordered a different pair of Puma's in 10.5 and fit perfectly.  I would go 1 size up if purchasing this item.
B006QOJ8PM Great buy Just as described, no problem with the size I ordered.  I have ordered Puma's in the past - great quality.
B006QOJ8PM Puma is my old skool kicks Thanks to other peoples review, I got the right size and they fit perfect.  I'm a size 10.5, so I got me a size 11.  Get a half size bigger and you won't go wrong.  Wait for a sale, price drops way more!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe overall. I ordered these a 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear in Nike and Skechers.  Glad I did because otherwise they'd have been too small for me.  These are a bit snug in the arch area but not so much as to be uncomfortable. I wore them all day without any discomfort and when I put on my old Nikes they felt &#34;loose&#34; on my feet after the snug fit of the Puma.  If you already own a pair of Puma crosstrainers like my wife does, do not order larger than your other puma crosstrainer.  I did that for my wife's because of reviewers and hers were too large going a 1/2 size up.  Apparently all the Puma crosstrainer style shoes run about the same size.
B006QOJ8PM expect them to be tight, expected them to give, but haven't experienced it. I would advise a half size from your normal size, they are very snug and could have used a half size larger for comfort. Expected them to loosen up by now. But they are enjoyable but snug.
B006QOJ8PM had to go up in size... this fit small, had to go up one full size than my normal shoe size. these are great shoes though!
B006QOJDAW Too short I really liked the look of the shoes. I ordered my size, but unfortunately they were too short. I typically wear a size 10. I gave the shoes to my daughter who wears a 9 and they fit her perfectly.
B006QOJDAW Kill your feet order a hole size bigger Because the front toe is so narrow it like putting it in pointy dress shoes . And rips at the big toe on top . Order a hole size bigger half is not enough
B006QOJDAW size how come size 8.5 ballerinas don't have the same fit as my size 8.5 sneakers?? Seriously, is it so difficult to do?
B006QOJSXE Disappointed in the fit I have many Puma sneakers, but this one is so small at the toes!  I ordered my usual size and even a size larger.  My usual size squeezes my toes so much they are uncomfortable.  The larger size (only 1/2 size) larger my feet come right out of the shoe.  I am very disappointed with this shoe.  I love my other Puma's though.
B006QOK6TY Cute shoes I bought these shoes to use for Zumba.  I love the color (gray) and the design plus it looks very well-made.  But I have to return it and exchange for a bigger size.  I ordered 7.5 which is my actual size but it is too small and narrow.  I usually wear a 7.5 medium so I have a regular size foot.  Hopefully the 8M will be a better fit for me since I really like this shoe.
B006QOL57G Very cute-Love the colors! After reading the other reviews, I ordered a size up from what I normally wear (half size up wasn't available). Needless to say, they fit huge.  I love the colors so I do plan to return them for my usual size.
B006QOL57G Fitting Per other customer reviews I also ordered half a size bigger. I normally wear a size 6.5 and I ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly. I have been using them to exercise at home doing Zumba and weight lifing. I like them very much. They feel very stable. We are traveling to Europe for vacation and I also needed a cute, casual low profile walking shoe. I'm sure these will work out just perfectly for that as well.
B006QOL57G Nice shoes! Comfy. Nice shoes! Comfy. I do beloved they run a little small. I'd get a half a size larger than your shoe size.
B006QP1URU Not a fan If you have the narrowest feet in the world, these are the shoes for you! They shipped quickly and I had no issues with a return, but the shoes themselves I didn't like, they don't fit like other Puma size 9's.
B006QP1URU Great shoes! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so cute and sleek which is great for my big feet! Whenever I buy Pumas I always go a half size to a full size up. For instance, I usually buy a size 9 in pumps and sandals but for Puma tennis shoes I always buy a 10. These shoes fit great and are really comfortable!
B006QP1URU Love these! I wear size 8, bought size 8 and they fit just a TAD tight around my toes, but I love that about these shoes. Very comfortable, and look amazing. I work a semi-casual job and I wear these regularly.
B006QP1W0U Wanted to like I wear a women's size 8.  I ordered the 6.5/8 initially.  They were huge.  I returned them for a 1/2 size smaller to be safe..still too big.  Returned again for 1/2 size smaller and they are too snug.  They are super cute and I wanted to love them, but they are a weird cut.  I have pretty wide feet (not terribly), but they are really slim.Five stars to Amazon for their return policy.  I returned these twice and will probably return the last pair, and the process was incredible.  I printed the label and dropped it off at a UPS location...my account was credited before they even received the return.  Well done.
B006QP37LW Very nice sneaker Looks much better in person. I have gotten so many compliments and they make my feetlook smaller than they really are. I wear a size 11 so that is a plus.
B006QPN3ZW Make sure to order 1 size up Huge fan of Puma Motorsports line and as usual, the shoe came a little small. Make sure you order 1 size up or it will be way too tight.
B006QPN75I Love these shoes I love puma shoes I've always had big feet for my size (I'm 5'3 wearing a size 9 1/2) and everytime I buy puma shoes they always make my feel look smaller that what they are! My only problem is they may not be the most comfortable shoes ever...they could use more padding...but for the price I am still a happy customer!!
B006QPND1G Great shoes Perfect shoes for a wedding photographer.  Formal, yet stylish.  Please note that if you want these shoes, get a half size larger.
B006QQ0WYG Nice but not perfect great designuncomfortable but worth the lookgot a size larger - still tight on toes, feels like its the design and not the size issue
B006QQ0Y7G Sexy stripes Ordered 1 size up (wears a size 13) and it fits great.  This pair of shoes are very sexy and easy to care for.  The leather is of great quality.
B006QQ1B3W Husband loves these,! Loves these new Pumas, look great with jeans, sweats. Recommended to get half size bigger, he stayed with his regular size since he has a narrow foot and they fit perfectly.  Still probably a good idea to half size up if you have a regular width.
B006QQ1C5E Size Issue Awesome shoes, very comfortable.  Size was a problem.  I had to return twice because they didn't fit right.  I had to order two sizes bigger.  Also, they are slim, so fat feet won't really be comfortable.
B006QQ1C5E Pumas Run Small I got this in what I thought was the right size. Remember when ordering Pumas to always get a half size larger.
B006QQ1C5E Like it Very comfortable. My actualy size is 10, but after reading reviews I purchase 10,5 and it was perffect. Good look quality.
B006QQ1C5E A lot smaller than regular sizes Good product but really should order about 2 sizes larger than you really are.  Very hard to strap the velcro over.  A size 11 felt like a size 9.
B006QQI3ZQ Great product Like most reviewers advice, always go a 1/2 size larger than what you would normal wear. I am size 11 for adidas, but these 11.5 is perfect. My new favorite brand, love this shoe.
B006QQI76Q Somewhat Small I love the style of the shoe the size is a little snug I would recommend going up a half size larger than regular  size.
B006QQI76Q I love this shoes But as usual when i order puma shoes they are a little bit small in size, but i knew it and ordered one size bigger than my size and fits perfect.
B006QQI76Q Awesome shoes Great shoes, but make sure you get a half size bigger than your normal shoe size because they are small to fit.
B006QX9X80 Nice color and size No complaints on the shirt.  It looks exactly like the picture and it is true to size. They need more colors.
B006QXPZT6 I expected more Now, I always buy the same size and the size with these pants ( I bought 2 pairs) just wasn't right. They were too long and and I had to give them away to some friends of mine. One of them also tore up while I wore it the first day at home. I have to note I was studying in bed the entire day so it's weird how that even happened. Nevertheless, if you happen to hit the perfect size, they look great and will be a good buy.
B006QZFAGC True To Size This jacket fit true to size although I sized up one size because I like loose fitting things, but I have no doubt that my size would have fit perfectly. Beware though if you have long arms as the sleeves are ALMOST too short. Keeps me warm on runs in the 20's and high teens but probably wouldn't in single digit weather. A good jacket, good value. 2 zip pockets.
B006R0P1SS Goo product I liked the pant, good material, really warm. I just think the size charts of the brand are not very good, since my boy is a little 7 yo and the size 8 almost didnt fit him...
B006VDQNHE Size smaller The same product we bought before was 4,5 and its almostno difference at all, we didn't return the productbecause he had game at that time
B006VE7KVG good but only 9month... It was okay.Size are little smaller than other brand shoes.Also, he has only 9month then stich was pop!!!!
B006VE9712 wrong size shipped I ordered US size 5.5 and they shipped 6.5 US size. We are supposed to go to a relative's place in next few days and now my wife is mad because we won't have a gift for her nephew!
B006VEPKTK These fit really small. I ordered these for my daughter in a size 5.5.  When they arrived, it was actually a size 6 in the box (size 38 EU) should be about 7.5-8 Ladies size.  They were small on my daughter, who is usually a size 7.  Unfortunately, size 6 is the biggest junior size and you can't jump up to men's sizes, because they start at 7.5 (about 9-9.5 ladies). and the selection in ladies' turf shoes is small!  What to do?  I'm going to order some Nikes and see if they fit bigger.
B006VEQ0ZI Great cleat!!! These are as expected and true to size. They look good on the field and my son is really enjoying them
B006VEQH42 Great Cleats Just what we needed!  My daughter loves these cleats.  They fit well  (after we ordered the correct size) and have held up well throughout the season.  We had to size up one full size to fit my daughter.
B006VEQH42 Phew, it fits and he likes them! These fit true to size. My son has worn them all season and has never had an issue with any part being uncomfortable. I would buy them again when he grows out of this size.
B006W1DT1I Nice shoes. Buy a little big , at least half a size. I bought THESE 1 WHOLE SIZE bigger so it wouldn't be too small as in the past Pumas tend to fit narrow and smaller. So while he wears 9.5 I bought a 10.5 because it would compensate for being small and with room to grow without being just too big. They are NICE THOUGH.
B006W1DWOW Just what I wanted but I received the wrong size The box said 3.5 but sadly I received  a size 1.5 instead.  The shipper was great and send be a shipping label to return them.  Other than that they were well made and flexible.
B006WBB4D8 exellent as usually i wear 8.5 size, i ordered that size and it's perfect. Material and quality is more than expected! very comfortable.  strongly recommended!
B006WBUL1Y Love them, but too small! I was so excited to get these shoes. I'm going to Ireland and wanted to have something more than your standard sneaker to walk around it and these fit the bill.I was so excited when I got them, alas, the love wasn't meant to last. I ordered a half size bigger than what I normally wear in Pumas because I read in the reviews that the shoes run small....and one would think that surely a half size larger than normal would accommodate the small fit....yeah, I was wrong. It was like I ordered a whole size too small. Unfortunately, they don't make the size I need in these so I had to return them and find something else.If these shoes had fit, I probably would have given them 4 stars.
B006WEGV60 Extra Lightweight Love these shoes...but tip for everyone, order a size up.  I wear an 8 but ordered the 9 because it is difficult to get your foot in a midtop. They fit perfectly.
B006WMDF9S Great purchase! Good material, great looking, true to size. I ordered two sizes for my daughter, for now and bigger for later, it's so cool, I was afraid, I wouldn't be able to find it anywhere in a yar or two. So I got 2! That's how much I loved this tee :)
B006WO90Q8 my shoes size My shoes size is exacly 7us dm. 6.5 us dm is a little small shoes size to me!Thank you for your servey!YoursAnh Tuan
B006Z66MTG Fantastic Comfort, Sizing Issue I bought these in my normal size, but I planned to wear them without socks so the shoes were way too big. If, like me, you want these to be a quick slip on and run out the door kind of shoe, with no socks, then I would order them a size down.Once I exchanged for the right size, I realized how great these shoes are. They are so comfortable, they are all I ever wear now.I recommend them highly, just be prepared to exchange if the sizing is off.
B006ZO3U0C NIce shoe, consider ordering 1/2 size larger Except for the size, the show works fine, according to my teenage son, who is using these in the 100m, 200m and 400m. Consider ordering a 1/2 size larger than you normally would. Other than that, my son likes the style and fit once he got a larger size.
B00712KP4G Cute but longer than I expected Very cute shoe. Worked well with my son's narrow feet. Size was longer than I expected so I ordered a second pair one size smaller. Saving the original pair for later.
B00712KYXI compare chart error The size info for kids in puma is up to 5.5 and the options for select are 5.5 - 6 - 6.5.
B0071BUID0 Good quality, a little bit smaller than the size posted. I gave 4 starts due the issue with the size, half number more and fit perfectly, the quality of the show is pretty good is a very confortable sneaker.
B0071BW9KK Decent shoes So everyone was saying that they wished they'd gone up a size when purchasing these, so I went up a half size and they're too big. I think maybe they were talking width? Not sure. But they DO cut your ankles. It gets better as you break them in, though. Overall, I'm glad I bought them.
B0071BW9KK cute shoes I love these shoes. Iordered them a half size bigger because a lot of reviews complained about them hurting the back of their feet. They are a little loose but otherwise lovely. I probably could have ordered my size.
B0071BW9KK TRUE-TO-SIZE!!!!!  Does NOT run small!  (Supercute.) I've been searching for Pumas in a size five.  They are adorable, but the brand rarely makes fives (which is very disappointing).  Previous reviewers claimed these ran quite small, so I gave the size 5.5 a try.  They are too big.  They are true to size, they fit like a 5.5 should (which means they are too big).I will be returning these. However, that's through no fault of the shoe.  I was simply mislead by reviews.  The size 5.5 is a true 5.5.  These Do No Run Small (unfortunately) .They are also extremely cute, of an average width, incredibly lightweight, and with a wonderfully comfortable arch.  (The little backing on the upper heel is somewhat bothersome, though, and might prove incredibly troublesome with continued wear.)  Though the shoelaces (which one reviews noted were long) are indeed long --but I forgive them that since they are also cute.Trying these only makes me more upset that Puma so rarely makes fives.  I love them! But unfortunately they do not fit, and therefore must go back.(Suggestions of similar styles in fives are welcome.)I am marking them down to 4 stars because I cannot give give stars to a brand that isn't considerate enough to make my size.
B0071BW9KK Run small These run really small. I usually wear a size 6 and I had to return for a size 7. A half size up would probably be sufficient, but if your feet are prone to swelling I suggest a full size. These have a really narrow sole through the arch area, making them a little strange to walk in. I bought them for bike riding, so it doesn't bother me. If I were using these as everyday shoes I don't know that I'd like them.
B0071DQJJU Meh... The shoes are actually quite nice. My only problem is that I was apparently suppose to order 1/2 to a full size bigger than I usually wear. I've never had to return an item to Amazon so this will likely be a first for me.Just remember, order at least 1/2 size bigger than you're use to. Seriously... my toes are pushing against the material.
B0071F0URA Sizing with this model is an issue I purchased this and returned immediately after receiving it because of sizing issues. I had ordered this shoe a half size bigger then what I wear. When I tried it I could barely get my foot inside them. They were narrow and small. I did inspect them and the label inside read the same size number I had ordered. While inspecting the shoes I noticed they were well made, but I did not want to risk another mishap with the size, so I returned them & went with different brand. If one is to get the sizing right these shoes are good.
B0071F1H9A Fantastic Value! My son loves these shoes, I originally bought him these in a smaller size, but both my son and I loved them so much I made sure to purchase them in the right size.Thanks
B0071F2DOS I'm 9.5 and a size 10 was still too tight I'm hoping that by using them many times I can widen them enough, but at the moment they are way too tight. I do have some space left in front of my toes, so it's not the actual size. going to 10.5 wouldn't help much. they are just too narrow. I have other puma indoor shoes and they are not like this one
B0071F2DOS Daughter Loves them Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.  Since she's playing more games on turf now she needed a different style of soccer shoe.  Originally we ordered a size a half size to small and Amazon made it easy to exchange the shoe.
B0071QJ2PK too large i order a size 1.5 but it was a half  size big for my 8 years old ,very disappointed ,leather was a little bit cheap
B0071QJ2PK Pink Puma These are great shoes for a young girl who likes matching colors. My daughter likes pink and so she loves them. The fit is a little smaller than her size. Perhaps order a 1/2 size bigger to be sure when ordering. They are well put together and should last a while. This is important because my daughter has been going through shoes faster than I would have expected.
B00721GPCW I wish they came in half sizes I bought this to replace my one year old nephew's Puma sneakers size 5 that were too small. I bought the size 6 and they are too big on him. I wish that Puma shoes came in half sizes. The shoes are nice, but he can't wear then yet. Next time, I'll get New Balance.
B00721I2JG Beautiful little Pumas These little Pumas are adorable!  I did not realize how Puma runs as far as size, so tbe size 7 toddler I ordered for my granddaughter was way too small and too narrow.  But they will fit our best friend's daughter, who is a size 5 1/2 toddler right now.  The sneakers are adorable, well made, vibrant pink, just precious and perfect for spring and summer.  As usual, Amazon delivers quick!
B00721I2JG True to size, but not as nice in person. They seemed true to size, but they looked nicer online than in person. We returned them because we thought they were ugly.
B00727EVWM Love it!!!!!!! They looks better than the picture!! Great quality! Size fits a little small than regular size, so make sure to add 1/2 size.
B0073G9NNO Shoe size Nice shoe as described.  As for the Size - you need to go a size and half bigger or they will be too small
B0073G9NNO Did not fit I ordered these for my bro who usually wears a size 12. Although the size 12 did not fit, I liked the quality of the shoe so much that I ordered a size 13 and that one fit.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes but be careful with the size I usually wear size 12 but for this shoe I had to order size 14, so order 2 size above your normal size. The thing is this shoe has sock like fitting so they must have messed up the sizing while designing to achieve it. I really like them though, they're extremely light weight and have decreased my typical run time considerably. I've posted a video on YouTube so go check it out, my handle is same there i.e @flawedengineer
B0073G9NNO To Small After ordering size 11.5, if was way to small. Luckily, i sold them the next day to someone who uses a size 10. The shoes looked really nice and comfortable. I order another pair, but this time size 13. So if you order these, make sure they are at least 1.5 inches bigger...what the heck is wrong with Puma's measuring system?
B0073G9NNO not the size they told me They shoes are sized wrong. I ordered the same size I always order and these sneakers would not even fit on my foot.
B0073IO2VK Love! These shoes are light-weight and super comfortable. They are great for running, but I suggest getting your true size as I got mine a little bigger thinking I would need it and don't.
B0073IO2VK Perfect for Me I've had them for a little over the week and already they're one of my favorite shoes in my wardrobe. They are very comfortable and attractive shoes and for the price they were a steal. I typically wear a size 6 and these shoes fit true to size. It should be said that I am not a serious runner and the most physical activity they see are marching band practices, but for my purposes they work perfectly and I am incredibly happy with the purchase.
B0073IO2VK Very light shoes These shoes are so comfortable to exercise in.  I will order half a size larger next time, but overall these are great shoes.
B0073IRJOW made really small In atheletic shoes, I wear a size 11. These are made smaller than any shoes I've ever tried. They were really tight. I would probably need an 11.5 if I were to order again.
B0073IRJOW wrong size I have a few pairs of Puma shoes all in the same size but this one is too small.It is too expensive to send it back so im stuck with a shoe that doesn't fit.
B0073IRJOW Had to return this product Was not wide enough at the toes and had to return this product.Is not of your regular size, i think have to take  a higher size and i don't wanted to do it going for online.I tried it instore and they don't have stock of my size.
B0073ITVP2 True to Size Hello Everyone!I ordered a size 10 pair of these awesome Pumas and they fit true to the U.S. size 10 that I universally wear. These shoes are very light on your feet and look very sleek; you will feel like a Puma. You are going turn more heads than you expect when you put these on. I would suggest this product to anyone sitting on the fence about it. I would take special care to ensure you do not break the backs of the shoes by not untying them before you put them on. I have not had any issues with blistering on my heels like I normally do with new running shoes. Overall, a great product for a steal of a price.I hope I provided an unbiased and helpful review. Good luck shopping and as always, have a great day.-CollegeGuy
B0073ITVP2 Puma! These shoes are so light and comfortable. Size runs true. I wear a 12 dress shoe and a size 12 puma. If u have to wear different shoes for work then you put these on it feels crazy. Great shoes, puma is the best!
B0073ITVP2 Great style... run half a size big These are pretty stylish shoes.... they just run big, so I'd say order half a size small or you'll be bummed to exchange it.
B0073IUO62 Nice shoes.. These are great sneakers..A bit big for a size 12 I think..I think if you're a ladies true 12 you should order an 11..
B0073XIHRA Too small I am a true size 8.5.  This pair felt like it was a 7.5 or a narrow 8.  I could barely squeez my feet in the shoes.  Had to return the item and exchange for a size 9.  After filling out the return questionnaire on Amazon, I realize it didn't offer expedite shipping & a place for me to put shipping address.  Had to send Amazon a seperate email to remind them that I need it in overnight shipping and to a different address.  Got a call next day that size 9 was sold out & they offer me a shipping tag over email to print.  I was very surprised when I looked at my band email that night that the seller has already refunded me the same day.  Wow!
B0073XIITC Fit Perfectly! My feet are weird. Most of the time I need a size 11. But my Ugg boots are size 10 and they fit perfectly.  I have a pair of size 9 pumps that I could literally live in. So when I ordered these PUMAs as a running/walking shoe, I was unsure of what size to get.  I love PUMA and usually take a size 11 anyway, but sometimes they seem a little snug and run a bit small. Not these! They fit absolutely perfectly and have become my new favorite shoe. :) I love the style, color and how durable they are! I've had them a year and use them 5 days out of the week and they're still in excellent condition. If and when these puppies ever die on me, I'll definitely purchase the exact same pair again!
B0073XIITC Love Them. I have a larger foot for a female, size 10, so I have always worn my tennis shoe a little snug with just enough wiggle room. I was nervous about purchasing these based off other comments about size & fitting, but I am so glad I got them! I love them! They feel great. They fit great.
B0073XIITC Good Fit I normally wear size 9 to 9.5. Bought a size 9.5 I. These and they fit great. Love the light weight and rounded toe.
B0073XIITC Great! Very comfortable!  My first pair of Pumas...will get more! I did order 1/2 size larger as suggested I'd other reviews and the fit is good.
B0073XIITC Very nice!! Its not too tight or too loose and its very comfortable. I did order a half size above my usual.
B0073XIITC PUMA trainers Bought them in a bit larger size (half size bigger) because of the reviews I was reading about them running smaller.  Wondering if I should have purchased them a half size smaller.  Definitely have some room.
B0073XIITC Too small even though I ordered a 1/2 size larger Pretty shoes, but too uncomfortable for me.  Tight in the toes and too loose in the heel, so ordering another 1/2 size up is not an option.
B0073XIITC Puma sneaker I like the Puma style, that is why I bought these for colder weather., found that this particular sneaker runs smaller, had to return and get a size 9, am usually a size 8.5.amazon was great with the return..
B0073XIITC nice shoes I ordered a half size larger than normal.  Good thing I did they fit perfectly.  They look nice and are really comfy.
B0073XIITC Wrong size! Google traslator  (l Love it  are beautiful, but I can not use because I ordered my size 7 and and got size 6! I'm disappointed! I really wasted my money!Est&aacute;n hermosos me encantan;  pero no los puedo usar porque orden&eacute; mi size 7 yy los recib&iacute; size 6!!! estoy decepcionada!! realmente perd&iacute; mi dinero!!
B0073XIITC And it's a big, big win for Amazon Reviewers! They fit!  They actually fit.  Except for being loose in the heel, which ALL shoes are on me these days, they fit perfectly.I never know what size to order in shoes.  I thought it was because I was getting older and could no longer fit in my lifelong 7 1/2.  Maybe that's it, but I'm now more inclined to think that various  manufacturers make up their own size standards and leave us guessing.  They want us in the shoe store, maybe?So this time I ran an experiment.  These $62-$79 shoes were in a special sale for $38.  I went to the site and read all the reviews, paying attention to (and &#34;liking&#34;) only those that discussed size and fit.  I then compared what they were saying to what my experiences have been and what sizes I have worn.I ordered 8 1/2 M, bigger than I've ever worn before (Nike is always 8.), and guess what?Yup.  Perfect fit!  I love you all, and thank you.  I am revealing the &#34;Amazon Review Shopping Method&#34; here only.  Bless you!
B0073XIITC Not too small... I read all the reviews for these sneakers, and was very tempted to order 1/2 size up due to several people mentioning how these run small. I ultimately decided against it, since I have always been a size 9 in Pumas, and ordered my regular size. They fit perfectly true to size for me, and I couldn't be happier with them, especially since I got them as a Deal of the Day for a great price.
B0073XIITC read size info carefully I used to wear 39(EUR), which correspond to 7.5 or 8. But here it correspond to 8.5, and it fits very well. Generally, it is a very comfortable shoes. I run 5 miles yesterday! But remember to choose the right size. Probably 0.5 or 1 size up!
B0073XIITC wrong sizes It is a very beautiful shoe but the size was a bit small so I had to return it for a size 10 even though I wear 9.5
B0073XIITC Great buy! Very comfy and good looking shoes. However the size does not run smaller , like I've read in some reviews. So I suggest to get the size you always wear.
B0073XIITC LOVE these shoes! I wear an 8.5 and after reading other reviews to size up I ordered a 9 and they were too big. Amazon had the replacement pair in a size 8.5 to me before I could even get the size 9 pair shipped back. The size 8.5 fit perfect! The shoes are wonderful! And Amazon customer service is amazing!
B0073XIITC Glad I read the reviews! I ordered half a size larger since I saw many people had said to in their reviews.  Thank goodness I did!
B0073XIITC Sizing My current puma sneakers are size 6 and they fit perfectly. The new ones are the same size and are much too small. I am unsure what size to order and I hate the hassle of returning items
B0073XIITC true After reading other customer reviews I ordered my pair a 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. Glad I did, they fit pertectly.
B0073XIITC Like it I really like the shoe. They are cute and feels good to walk in. However the size is a little snug sometimes.  Don't get me wrong they fit, however depending on the time of day, they just fit snug at times. So I should have gone a 1/2 size larger.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes I don't usually buy shoes online but I loved these. The size was perfect, they are comfortable and very cute. I did not have to buy a bigger size.
B0073XIITC LOVE PUMA FOR THEIR FUNCTION AND STYLE! Puma's always run small, so I always size up a half or whole size.  I have several pairs to work out in and love everyone of them.  This is no exception.  They protect your feet and look great while doing it!
B0073XIITC Decent workout shoe` I do a lot of cross-training and do a lot of research on shoes to make sure they fit properly for the amount of use they will be getting.  My true size is a 10.5 but the reviews said to order them a half size up and I'm glad I did.  A little snug but good ankle support. I would purchase them again.
B0073XIITC Great shoes Not only are they comfortable, but they are very stylish. They are also true to size. I highly recommend them.
B0073XIITC True to size and look great! Based on other reviews I was worried about my size being too small, but these fit perfectly in my normal size 7! They are great looking, well made, and super comfortable. I have issues with all kinds of shoes not fitting right or hurting my feet- even sneakers. These shoes are perfect in every way!!
B0073XIITC comfy shoes I think my feet must have grown because I ordered a pair of Pumas in a size 9 and they were too small so I returned them and ordered these in a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect.  Cute, comfy, go with my scrubs and keep my feet feeling great all day
B0073XIITC Pumas The shoes are really nice just a little big, I'm usually a size 8.5 but my feet are wide so then I have to go up a size in some shoes. So I wasn't sure if 8.5 would fit with these pumas. Now I wish I had gotten 8.5 cause sometimes I feel like they slip off my feet a little. But they are very comfortable.
B0073XIITC Same size as all other Puma crosstrainer shoes. Bought this in a 1/2 size larger for my wife because all the reviews said they run small.  Her other Puma crosstrainers were all 8's which actually are a 1/2 size larger than her Nike size.  These run the same size as all other Puma crosstrainers so if you wear an 8 in a different style Puma crosstrainer you should wear an 8 in this one.  Not sure how it compares to the other Puma shoes in the sizing area.
B0073XIITC Sizing I read the reviews and most said to order a half size up so I did and they were a little big. Exchanged them for the size I normally wear and they fit fine.
B0077244WE Amazing Cleats I have never owned a pair of Puma's before so I was a little nervous about the size.  I usually wear an 11.5 so that is what I ordered and it fits perfectly.  These are the best fitting cleats I have ever owned.
B00772O5E6 Nearly Two Sizes Too Small I purchased these cleats in a size 6, the size I have always worn in running shoes. However, I could hardly even stand in them properly because they were so small. I returned them for a half size larger, BIG MISTAKE! Even going up half a size didn't cut it. I finally got a pair a full size larger than any other shoe I wear, and I still wish I had gone up at least a size and a half. These shoes run SMALL!
B00772O5E6 Daughters cleats I bought these cleats for my daughter for soccer. She loves them! The colors are great. She has wider feet and they fit her no problem. I ordered the wrong size and Amazon was wonderful. They sent me new ones in a larger size before I even sent back the wrong sized ones so she would have them for practice instead of waiting to return them then sending new ones.
B0077C1BN4 Makes a statement without being too flashy I have wide feet. I ordered size 12 although I typically fit 11.5. That was a great decision because you'll want some space to hide your laces!
B0077CKYK0 Great! I've been looking for this style in my size, and most other sites had sold out.  Great to find so many size options here on Amazon.  I read in other reviews to get the next size up, which was a good recommendation.  (I usually where a 12, and a 13 fits well on me in this style.)  Shipping was lightning fast--ordered Thursday night and was received on Tuesday.  Great experience.
B0077CKYK0 Great shoe, but watch the size. I ordered these at first, with my normal adjustment for Puma... I have to order 1 size larger than I do with all other shoes.  However, on these, that was still too small and tight.  I returned them and got 1.5x larger size than I usually do and now they fit.  Just a warning.With the new adjustment, they are great, as usual with Puma.  I love the look, the feel, and comfort.
B0078NLMS6 Sizing One review says too big and another says too small.  I went with the reviewer that said order a 1/2 size bigger than usual and I'm glad I did.  I normally wear a Men's 9 1/2, I ordered a 10 and it is the right size. When new the shoes are a bit on the narrow side but the leather should stretch over time.
B007ER7SDE FANTASTIC Shoes When i received these i was quite amazed. They're very solid shoes and  and they have a sexy look. I break a ton and these are awesome, they provide good traction and they're extremely light for my size (Size 11). I'd highly recommend to buy.
B007IWKB7A It looks as it should but it doesn't fit as it's suppose to. I have not bought a pair of pumas in several years and had forgotten they tend to run small. I wear a size 10 in every shoe style but these pumas were just right without socks and with socks on they were stopping the circulation to my toes. Order a half size up you'll be glad you did.
B007IX3572 Love these shoes I love these shoes and am glad I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear. The colors are great.
B007IXCZZU Feels good and looks great I bought these sneakers recently and it arrived on time. Reading the reviews, I ordered a bigger size (I normally wear 8 but ordered 8.5) and fits well. I like wearing bigger shoes else my toes start to hurt. So this did the trick. I wore the shoes a couple of times and its great.
B007IXCZZU Good buy I usually wear a size 8 but ordered a size 8.5 since my feet are wide and wanted to be sure they fit. So far so good. It fits great and does not squeeze my feet. Maybe an 8 would fit but I did not want to risk it. Great buy great price.
B007IXCZZU :-( Shoes are very good but size is not like it shoud be. I wear size 8 and I ordered 8.5 and they are too small.
B007IXCZZU Gorgeous I bought 5 pairs of Puma at once and I believe this is one of the top 2 out of the 5 purchased. I love the leather, the color combination and the fit. I have purchased Puma shoes in the past and also loved them so much I wore them out. My only problem back then was the width. This shoe and the others purchased this time seem to be wider and I LOVE that detail!! I could have gone with my normal size, a size smaller if I had known they were wider. I will be keeping all 5 pair though, the size differance isn't a problem.
B007J4IBEM Good Shoes Fit great for a size 12. Clean easily.
B007J58WA4 Runs big I'm normally a 10 or 10.5. I ordered the 10.5 and it was at least 2 sizes too big so I returned them. I also didn't like how there's no padding at all in the heel area. They look good though, I'm still undecided if I want to get a smaller size.
B007J5K734 Puma If you wear a half size in shoes I recommend getting a size up, but I like the shoes just narrow at the toes.
B007J5K734 LOVE IT THIS SHOE IS SOOO CUTE. LOVE IT. I RECOMMEND THIS SHOE, BUT IT IS A SIZE SMALLER. SO IF YOUR A SIZE 8 1/2 LIKE ME, GET A SIZE 9.
B007J5K734 Comfortable however..... This was really comfortable however when purchasing, purchase a half size bigger than you would normerly wear because its a bit tight across the instep. Very nice sneaker for the price, I would definitely buy it again, just a half size bigger though
B007JAN1I2 Awesome shoes! Order at least a half size up. I've owned several Pumas. They all tend to run a little narrow, especially these. Definitely order a half size up, maybe a full size if you have wide feet. I sprayed mine with a water/stain protector, and they still look as fly as the day I bought them.
B007JAN4FM Great shoes My son loves these shoes. They do run a little bit big, so I might go half a size smaller in the future, but he loves them so much he wears them anyway , very sharp looking.
B007JAN9K2 I love these shoes! I just don't give it 5 stars because of the size. My size is  8 1/2, and my only complain is that every brand has different sizes, this one almost doesn't fit my feet :(Despite that, I love these shoes, good materials, excelent quality, and soo good looking! My 5 year old nephew asked me if now I can run faster hahah
B007JASSKI Very nice shoes These were for my 12 year old son and he loves them!  He's hard to find shoes that he likes since he a size 12 and has wide feet. These did the trick.  Perfect fit!
B007JASSKI you feel good After reading a different comments, I went for a size next to mine. My usual size is 9.5 and I ordered one for 10. It fits perfectly. If your foot is broad, probably you shouldn't go for this.Pros: Style, soft, feels like walking on a carpetCon: size is deceiving - you need to be more careful
B007JASSKI 14D I am a size size 13 but in Pumas I have to order 1 size bigger due to their smaller sizing.  The shoes fits great, looks amazing and very sturdy.
B007JASSYO Way, way too small I wear an 11, ordered an 11, and the actual size is closer to a 10 or 9 and 1/2.  Great shoe, just order one size above what you normally wear.
B007JASSYO Bought these for driving. So, after i purchased my first manual car, I wanted a pair of shoes that are thin, and can improve my feel of the clutch and overall, make me a better driver. These shoes are awesome. Puma's always run slightly smaller. Im usually a size 11-11.5, I went with 12 and they fit perfect.
B007JAT2EY nice Puma pair Nice Puma shoes. I always used size 11. In these case 11 feels like 10.5.I recommend buying half number more o 1 number more from normal size.
B007JAT2EY Size Matters Had to return shoes. They were a full size in length too small. Order big or you will have to return also.
B007JAT2EY FITS SMALLER THAN WHAT I ORDERED I BOUGHT SEVERAL SHOES ON LINE BEFORE AND THIS SIZE IS SMALLER THAN WHAT I ORDERED. IT SAYS A SIZE 12 BUT IT FITS LIKE A SIZE 11. I CAN NOT EVEN GET MY FEET IN THIS SHOE. WITH OR WITHOUT SOCKS.
B007JAT2EY I like my puma's but I don't have these. I like my puma's but I do not have these shoes because I ordered the wrong size. But all my puma's I have had in the past are great.
B007JATJWE Order a size larger! Even though I knew they would run small, I had no idea how small. I normally wear a size 8.5. I finally had to order a size 10US. At this size they fit perfect. I really love them.Michael DiVincent, Secaucus,NJ
B007M6B9A0 shoe size What size is 12.5 us/14.5 us d? How is it two different sizes for one option? I want to order this item but it is unclear as to what the shoe size actually is.
B007M6CB3E Great shoes, but run a half size small I normally wear a 10.5.  I needed an 11.0 for these.  The 10.5 fit much too tight and I like my soccer shoes to be tight.  Definitely order a half size larger than you normally wear.
B007MAYD2C My daughter's favorite! My 4yr old has size 11 feet according to Puma. She absolutely LOVES her Puma shoes whenever we go up a size and get a new pair. I find that the sizing tends to run small... so Puma says she's an 11, but in other boxy-toed shoes she's a solid size 10 still. Otherwise, they seem to hold up under the pressure of an extremely active kid with access to woods, creeks, pastures, etc. :) We'll be Puma supporters for a long time to come!
B007MAYD2C runs small My daughter wears a size 8 but the size 8 that I bought JUST fits her, she will be grown out of these in less than a months time, which sucks.  Buy a size above what you think you should buy
B007MAYD2C So cute! These runners are super cute, very comfy, lightweight and my daughter loves them too! They run really really small so you may want to go up at least 1-2 sizes. My duaghter is 2 and wears a size 8 shoe and the 9 fit a little too snug so I had to re order her the size 10. They now fit great with room to grow.
B007MAYD2C Great shoes Very cute. My daughter loves them & we've received lots of compliments. I'd definitely size up at least 1/2 a size; they run small, as Pumas tend to. Good price for Pumas on amazon.
B007MF7IRY Recommended I thought it will be smaller than a normal size, but it is a great sneaker from PUMA, very comfort to wear it all the way and good for driving, furthermore it is lightweight.
B007NQ658A Sizing problem A nice pair of sneakers and very comfortable. Well, in some reviews some people advice to buy a size or half size bigger, because according them the sneakers come smaller, which isn't like that. I followed somebody's advice and bought a size bigger and they are extremely big, seems like 2 size bigger. I would rather say it comes a little bit bigger, so the best option is to buy the exact size.Well, I suppose everything depends on the shape of the foot, so everybody writes from their experience.
B007NQ658A Exactly as Expected Item arrived exactly as the photo and description indicated.  The sizing runs true.. I ordered my usual size and it fit perfectly.
B007NQC2OQ eh i have had almost the same pair of puma sneakers, same size and all that i've been living in for too many years. these just don't fit the same even though they're the same size-a bit disappointing
B007P3PQHC Bigger I got these in a size bigger because I would be wearing these in the winter when it's cold out to keep my feet warm. I'm a size 8 so I got 8.5 even with thick socks their a little big, but overall I love them. Cushiony and their high up the material however very delicate and soft don't think I would wear them if it's foggy or wet.
B007P4L4L8 Careful with size the quality is perfect, My choosing of the size maybe being the first time buying this pants is a little too big.
B007P4O2LM Very Good. This jacket of M size,and suit for me.It has a right size of right code,and good looking.May be another one I will buy is PUMA too.
B007P4OF5A size corresponds! size corresponds! height 180, weight 80, size L. perfectly came up! Free! fur-super! quality, super! height 180, weight 80, size L. perfectly came up! Free! fur-super! quality, super!
B007P5Y5WW Sizing Loved the color but the size was just to tight not much stretch anywhere. I returned the product.Wished there was a bigger size to exchange.
B007P5Z5DU Puma hoodie, Size M Usually I wear size S or XS of pants, but..Too tight at the bottom.Too loose at the top. Hoodie doesn't cover the neck, so you're NOT protected from the wind , etc. I returned this item. Sorry, Puma, it's not your best trial.
B007PK5T0Y Love this shoe! I love this shoe. It does run small.  So when the size 5.5 pair didn't fit I donated it to a shelter and reordered a 6.  The size 6 came and fit perfectly. I LOVE THEM.  Unfortunately I went back to order another size 6 and there's none available.  I'm sad. But, at least I have one pair. I'm going to wear them in a 5k Foam Run for arthritis. Yay!!
B007PK5T0Y Running shoes The shoes were like size 7.5 or smaller they are not size 8.5, and I could not return them I still have them in its box.
B007PK5T0Y No Response from Distributer # 1  I contacted this seller 2 times (2) weeks before the shoes were even sent out from the facility. He did not respond until AFTER he sent them, knowing I needed a size change. The shoes look great, but if they don't fit...what use are they? I have been too busy to send them back and will not use the seller again considering he chooses to not respond!
B007PK5T0Y Received wrong size I ordered a 9 and got a 6.5. Not too happy about it, but i love the shoe feel, and there's even spikes included.
B007PK5T0Y Nice shoe, fit runs very small This is a great shoe. I had to give mine to a friend though because the fit runs very small. I am typically a size 10, and even though I tend to buy my running shoes about 1/2 size bigger, since the foot expands, I can still comfortably fit into a size 10 shoe. I ordered these in a size 10 --- and had to give them to a friend. The shoes themselves fit fine when I first put them on, a bit snug, but I'm thinking I just need to break them in --- not the case. The two times I wore them, my feet were throbbing about 30 minutes into my workout.So just be aware that the fit runs small, either order a size up, or consider a different shoe.
B007PK5T0Y Unbelievable price! I love Puma shoes and these did not disappoint me. I was thrilled to get them in just a few days and they fit perfectly. I had read the reviews and most had said they ran a half size too small so I ordered a half size up and they were perfect! The sale price was unbelievable.  They are so light weight and great for running. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to where them inside, but the removable spikes work out wonderfully.
B007PK5T0Y Definitely buy half a size up I LOVE these shoes.  They support my ankles when I jog and they're a great fit.  Definitely buy half a size up.  I am a 9 and bought a 9.5 and they fit perfectly snug.
B007Q36ALC nice i bought this sneaker for my son 6 years old he love it still not his size but is very nice the model
B007SLGLX4 to small My son have size 9.but puma tune cat size 9 is to small.if you like puma shoes buy bigger size.thank you.
B007SM2M2W my mistake I made &#8203;&#8203;a mistake to order them, I ordered size 3 kid and what i need is 3 toddler, i try to contact the seller but received no response, the shoes are beautiful only was this detail
B007SM2M2W Great buy So cute, goes with everything, durable, fits true to size. We used these shoes for playtime at the park and got so much use of them until she grew in size.
B007TH1UYC Very good but you should take 1 size bigger The shoes are very good for running and sports, they are very soft and flexible. Overall they are comfortable! Quality is good. However I recommend to take one or a half size bigger because the elastic stripes on the upper side are very tight.
B007TH22WQ Short on Size, but  Long on Potential These rare sneakers were hard to find in the Men's Dept of Amazon.  But I did overcome all odds and secure these size 4.5 running shoes in a medium width.LINK:B007TH22WQAs a private investigator, who just happens to be a little person, I am always on the run.  These light-weight (mostly black) sneakers are great for snagging a target's trash at night without being seen or heard.  I can zip in and out of hedge rows, and under bushes, long before anyone pulls back the drapes or opens a door to locate me.I simply can't tell you what a goldmine-find it was to find sneakers in my size in the Men's Dept.  For decades, I dreaded the thought of buying my footwear in the Little Boys Dept., only to find that even they were out of size 4.5 (US) shoes or sneakers.Thank goodness for the Internet !!I am jumping for joy -- but you can't see me, behind the garden gnome.
B007UM6PAK Still small My usual size is 10. When these sneakers came in size 10 they were too small. I exchange it for size 10.5 and it's still doesn't fit comfortably. I hope that after some time of wearing I'll get used to it.
B007UM8E1S Amazing shoes Bought these about 2 weeks ago and loving them, they are very comfortable, i've had future cats previously and these are lot softer and significantly more comfortable. Materials are top notch. and they look very small on the foot, very sexy design. Keep in mind that you will probably need to order 1 full size bigger than your usual size, i normally wear 10 1/2 but these are 11 1/2. Overall great product. Very happy and highly recommend.
B007W1CBLQ Its so nice! nice gift to the young man)  the Size no more specified, to tall children to take for the size is more. fast delivery, pleasant cooperation!
B007WQDYQM Look good and they feel good I was nervous about ordering shoes online. The shoes fit perfectly and are super comfy. I'm thinking about ordering another pair!They are comfortable and allow my feet to breath. The size is perfectly match. So, recommend to buy them according to your exact size!
B007WQGKQI Great cleats, great price Great cleats, very light and they give me nice control and touch. The laces are off to the side a bit so theres more surface area thats smoother for contact. HOWEVER, they do need breaking in and you do need to use caution like any new cleat or you will get blisters. I'm usually a size 10.5M or 11M in sneakers so I got the 11 size and it fit well.
B007WQGY96 Great boots I love these boots! They have a great feel but run about 1/2 a size small. Either try them on or go half a size up. I love Puma boots but they always do that for some reason.
B007WQH3GE Very nice and high quality but problem with sizing The shoes are very nice. My husband has normal size 10. We ordered 10,5 because based on our experience sport shoes usually smaller. Even 10,5 are small. We decide to keep them hoping that we will become larger in process of usage but my recommendation to take 11 size if you have normal 10.
B007X1BHWO Really unsatisfied It is not a original Puma product, and the size it is not as expected: it says 'M' but really is more for a 6 year old girl.
B0084CXID2 Super small! I purchased this for my daughter who wears a 10-12 And the size chart said she needed a Medium. When we got it it was too small! I had to return it. We are going to try a Large and hope we have better luck. My daughter likes the shirt so I hope the next size works. I would recommend sizing up
B0084CXQO8 buy Listened to somebody elses review and got a size larger its true to size my daughter looks great in it and great price...i would buy again! !!
B008981UJK Very nice size is spot on, i got it from my other Puma sneakers.it looks very nice and is comfortable .
B0089GNAYK not bad but runs too big i like Puma  cloth f rkids andas rle its works well with size for kids nder 8. bu after that age its really hard to get correct size. its never small but some designs can run even ouple size bigger. quality is great sow. It doesnt get piiling after wash like other sport brands or holes on knees fast.
B0089GNI42 Great color and style! My son loves this jacket. I bought if for him to wear around the house and he loves it. I got a size bigger than is his actual size, but it is slim-fitting enough for his slight frame that he doesn't swim in it, it's just a bit too long, which is great. I have a feeling this would NOT be a great option to purchase for someone in husky sizes.
B0089GNJVO Their Sizing Info WRONG This is a nice, quality shirt so it should have 5 stars. However, the sizing is way off. It says Boys 2-7 so I went off their sizing chart and ordered a Large (I have a 5 year old that wears a 5/6). I received the shirt and it does say it is a large, but it is huge. Luckily, I also have a 9 year old son and it fits him perfectly so I would say the Large size is more like a size 12/14. I am going to order another one since it is a great price and I can't find Puma shirts in his size in the stores around here. I really wanted this as a Christmas present for him since he ruined his last Puma shirt and it was his favorite. Oh well, better late than never. I will update this later when we get the small size to see if it fits.UPDATE: I ordered the small size and it is definitely too big also. It is at least a size 8 boys. It is very baggy on my son that wears a 5/6.
B008A6488Q Size matters I love love love this shoe!! However, I read the reviews and saw that it ran small so I ordered a half size bigger. I still had to send it back and order another half size up. I'll know for next time!
B008A64J6M new favorites I ordered these along with 3 other pairs of Pumas, I received them less then a week after I ordered. They fit perfect, I recommend getting a half size bigger if you're not sure. SO comfortable, I would definitely buy again, they are so light weight, it feels like your wearing sock, yet they are well cushioned.
B008A64J6M Sweet Omg this shoes is awesome I must Hv another one but like d other reviews buy a size up I wear 10.5 in puma shoes n I bought a 11 it fits just right little room for a thin socks if u wear any but it soft n comfortable I'll buy in other color
B008A64UCU most comfortable I have several pair of the Puma ballerina's that I love.  They are very comfortable and with a bad knee that is important.  This shoe is about 1/2 size smaller than my others.  I usually wear a 10 but in this shoe I need a 10.5.  The Bixley is the only one that is sized this way all the others are perfect at a size 10.  I wear these with jeans, dress pants and they are great when traveling.  They slip off easy at security in the airport and are great for walking the entire trip.
B008A6BB9U These shoes are like a hug for my feet! They're a little big, but thats good for fitness shoes, as the feet need room to spread out. Also, they look pretty weird on me. I'm 5' 2&#34; with size 9 feet anyway (huge in proportion to my size), but somehoow these make my feet look even bigger. However, they are not for looks for me. And they are extremely comfortable.
B008A6BPJQ Very cool. Very cool shoes,I liked them very much,they look even better than in picture.I've read the previous rewiews and ordered one size larger and made a mistake,they are true to size, I wear 6 us size and ordered 7 US ,now I have to order one size smaller.still I'm happy!Thank you!
B008A6C4RS Different, but outstanding! I love Puma's, really only brand of sneakers I've bought for the past 4 years.  I always get a half size bigger, since they run small, but durable, comfy and for me always in style.  I like how these are breathable,  hopefully won't be an issue when feet get sweaty and all that.
B008A6C4RS Pumas do NOT run big. I don't know what some of these reviews are talking about, these shoes do NOT run big! If you are in doubt, stand up and trace your foot on a paper to measure and determine the correct size. As for the quality, these are $20 and you definitely get what you pay for.. if I rebuy in my size, I will keep these as spares or for errands because they don't offer much support.
B008A6CBUI Pumas do NOT run big. I don't know what some of these reviews are talking about, these shoes do NOT run big! If you are in doubt, stand up and trace your foot on a paper to measure and determine the correct size.As for the quality, these are $20 and you definitely get what you pay for.. if I rebuy in my size, I will keep these as spares or for errands because they don't offer much support.
B008A6JOWQ puma shoes they fit alright its not the shoes I wanted but the nike shox for women didn't have my size.but next time I hope they will
B008A6JWU0 amazingly light and flexible Loved these but had to give them to Mom who eyeballed them once they arrived.  I ordered a size too small and didn't want to bother returining them for a bigger size.  Mom loves em!Order half a size bigger ladies, at least!
B008A6JWU0 Very Comfortable These shoes run a full size small.  I normally wear a 6 1/2, but ordered a 7 to make sure they would fit.  Well, I had to send them back and order the 7 1/2. They are very stylish and fit like a glove once you get the right size.
B008A6JWU0 great shoes I love these pumas they are comfortable and I find them very appealing. I will say that you need to buy half a size larger than you normally wear.
B008A6K4HU What I was looking for My pumas are very light, confortable and nice looking. The only problem is that I am size 7.5, and that is the size I got but looks like in this particular shoe the size is smaller, so I am getting a size 8.
B008A6KTKC feed back about Puma shoes the size to small I convert 8 M US to Europe but not true conversion it is came smaller 1 size fr
B008A6KTKC I can dig it I bought these trainers for my far and few between gym sessions. They are .5 too big, which makes sense because I am typically a size 7. I opted for the .5 extra because my last size 7 Puma's seemed snug. I'm going to naturally assume that my feet lost weight because I am wonderful.The shoes are aesthetically pleasing and very comfortable. I will maybe, possibly, someday, workout out in them on a regular basis.
B008A6KTKC as expected! Comfortable. I'm a true six, but always order half a size bigger for breathing room. They fit perfect and have good traction. Love them so far.
B008A6KTKC not the right size I didn't get the chance to try them out size was to small for me. Size 5.5 is more for childs foot not adult my foot wouldn't go in
B008A6KTKC awful... i NEVER received these at all... I sent all of them back for a return and now they are asking where they are!!!!! they are like a mans shoe... they are soooooooooooo wide and way too long... they are like a womens size 10!!! you need to order down a size... I requested a refund... JUS AWFUL!!!
B008A6KTKC Go up a half size! I read all the reviews before I purchased these sneakers and a lot of people said they fit snug. I went up a half a size and I LOVE THEM!!! They are so comfy, stylish, and just an overall great sneak!!!
B008A6KTKC great may run a tad on the narrow side but otherwise fits true to size-  I had seen these on another site where they reocmmended ordering up a half size, but I wear a 10 and getting a 10.5 is nearly impossible.  I was glad I had a 10 in the end.  I will say this, though-  if you wear a much smaller size-  you may want to consider checking out other reviews here and elsewhere before you decide whether to go up a half size-  I often think that &#34;half&#34; sizes in big sizes are much larger than half sizes in small sizes, so this may or may not be an issue.  Otherwise, the shoes are super cute, very comfy, nice bright colors, I like the built-in 'sock' rather than a tongue.  I have been pleased with them.
B008A6YAFW A Lousy Fit for a Puma Fan! Let me start by stating that Puma's are my favorite brand of athletic shoes.  I have owned over 60 pairs over the years.  I know what my size is with basketball models, casual, soccer, even golf.  The inside size tag on the shoes I received said they were 10.5, but my feet say they are too darn small!  Someone wherever this shoe is made goofed!  Now that my feet hurt, how can I give this particular model a good review?  Sorry, but the first impression is always the lasting one.  And this one hurts!
B008A6YAFW Get a size or half a size larger I wear 10 in Nike, and reading the other reviews got a 11 for these. After breaking them in, now they are very comfortable and easy to wear. I wanted something that I could just slip on in the morning, and this is the perfect shoe. Also my previous canvas shoes soaked up water like a sponge, but these do a very nice job in keeping the moisture out. The red band in the center is a nice touch.
B008A6YCRI Just as promised These are an exact fit.  I would probably have ordered a half size bigger but they it good and feel great while running.
B008A6YCRI Satisfied I chose this rating because the shoes I order fit to the correct size I requested them. So in conclusion, I am satisfied with my order.
B008A6YJDU too small These are nice cleats but I needed a bigger size. I usually order a bigger size for cleats because of socks etc but these STILL needed to be bigger even after that. I recommend going 1.5 sizes bigger than your regular shoe size.
B008A6YJDU A little tight, but I can still play in them! I'm usually a 6.5, but after reading other reviews, I ordered a half size up (7) and they're a little snug. There's a little bit of wiggle room between the tip of the show and my toes. So I would definitely either a half size up or even a full size up. Other than that though, I really like these cleats!
B008A6YJDU Great shoes My daughter loves her new soccer cleats!  We should have probably ordered  a size up as they are a somewhat smaller fit than expected.
B008A6YSR2 A bit small - go up at least half a size Super comfortable. My normal size 8.5 was a little small - I tried to go to 9 but there weren't any available so I went for a 9.5, pretty happy with it. I think the 9 would be a little tighter but the 9.5 is still a good fit. I recommend going half to a full size up from your normal shoe size. Cleats aren't supposed to be tight after all.
B008A77SH8 pumas run small so buy large theses are so cool - I love the colors and quality. even the laces are dope. but buy a size or half size larger than expected.
B008A77TYK Much Appreciated A company that holds true to their word is one that I will return to. The size I selected fit perfectly sine I did a size chart comparison to Nike since that is what I mostly wear and I'm very satisfied. Classic look with a lil hint of a new school edge.Great buy,Vanix
B008AH398A I love it the packaging and the shipping time is very good ... the quality is great... my doughter loves it... I loved it ... she's 3 years old and it fits perfectly i bought it 4t thought it would be bigger size but its exactly her size
B008AH39YE Go Up 2 sizes! My granddaughter wears a 3T so when I ordered I got a size 4.  It fits her just right and I wanted a little growing room plus the jacket said &#34;boys size 4&#34;.  It's nice material but I should have gone up 2 sizes.
B008AILKZ8 good Usually wear size 11 to 11 1/2 depending on the shoe. For this pair I picked size 11, and at first they were tight but now they fit fine.
B008AILKZ8 Puma Zanthem These shoes are true to size.. I really like these shoes a lot.. Very cool looking.. I've got a lot of possitive remarks.. Great buy!!
B008AILQJI Great shoes, love the color combination I ordered these to wear around the house and office.  They are not athletic shoes as the insole in very flat and they do not have much padding.  They run true to size and I should have ordered a size 10 to allow a little more room.
B008AJ5B4S loved the style I loved these soccer shoes, very confortable, good design, price is affordable, just make sure to order a half size bigger.
B008AJOHXO PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big BMW Very nice, good looking, classy sneaker! Fit is true to size or possibly order a 1/2 size up but no more. On a scale of 1-10 i give this sneaker a 10. Beautiful. Buy a pair.
B008AJOHXO The shoes are a bit smaller I chose my size but it wasn't enough since the model is a bit tight so it's better to choose one size higher.
B008AJYN8I Ok but too small I can't use them because doesn't fit, and I order them one size bigger than my regular size. The quality is good.
B008AJZ5OO Need more white/black Beautiful shoe. All the reviews I read said Pumas run small. I normally wear size 11 to 11.5. I ordered 12's and they were too large. I was disappointed that there were no more in that style in the 11.5's. I exchanged them for 11.5 in the yellow/black. The 11.5 were still a half size too large. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the shoes. Absolutely beautiful. I will definately keep checking for white/black in that style though.
B008AK6Q8C Order half size larger Love the look and quality but very narrow and a half size too short in length.  Had to return and order a half size larger. Many compliments received each time I wear them.
B008AKOFGW Need wide Size was perfect 6.5 but a little tight. I did not notice the (m) width D. but with no socks all is good
B008AKOFGW Way too small.  Must be mis-marked I am a size 10 in every brand shoe.I ordered a size 10 and it fits like a 9 or 8 1/2...
B008AKOFGW SIZING IS OFF BY 1 SIZE NEED TO BUY A ... SIZING IS OFF BY 1 SIZE NEED TO BUY A SIZE AND A HALF OR YOUR REGULAR FOOT SIZE
B008AKOFGW Nice Very Light Shoes. Sizing is def off. I wear a standard size 9m, by experience with Pumas I knew to order a 10m and they fit just fine.
B008AL33QE size problem I always wear size 48, 14.  What would this pair be in the 'D' size. like 15.5 D ?  Sizes are a bit confusing on these models.  And does this gorgeous pair come in size 48 ?
B008AL33QE AWESOME Contemporary and stylish. fits great and very comfortable. they are nicer than my expectations and i get a lot of compliments when i wear them....good quality and is a must buy. I would recommend to buy a half size bigger than your actual size because they are sleek and sometimes don't fit on heavy feet. I order mine half size bigger and they fit right on.
B008AL33QE Its Nice!!! More than I was expecting. Shoe fit the size I ordered and is very comfortable. Didn't need a break in period.
B008AL36G6 The correct size This is my first time buying sneakers through internet site.I have had the satisfaction of getting a good product at the right price and most importantly, the exact size.
B008AL36G6 puma shoes The shoes is great, just feels a little bit tight so I need to get a bigger size in order to enjoy it longer.
B008AL3QEI great look i wear a size 13 and i saw someone said that the width is too small, so i was worried when i ordered but as it arrived i treid it on & it was a great fit....just know your size with puma should always be a size bigger they make small shoes
B008ALI936 PUMA Men's Jiyu V Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker,White,10.5 D US The length is great. However they do run a little tight on the top of the shoe over the ball of the foot. Need some breaking in. Might want to order a half size bigger and see if that helps. Other than that, I am very happy.
B008ALI936 Consistent Puma Sizing This was the first pair of shoes I had ordered online, but owning a few other pairs of Puma's before I ordered my usual size and they fit perfect.
B008ALWBFS DON'T buy bigger than the size of your feet I looked at some reviews and they were telling that when they ordered the actual size, shoe was bit smaller. So, I ordered size of 11.5 even though my actual size was 10. After I got it, shoes were way bigger than my actual feet. I had to return as there was no way I could were that big shoe. So, do not buy bigger size than the size of your feet.
B008ALX6SO It's cool I loved the shoes ! Years ago I had Puma running shoes and those were very durable, I wore them 3 years permanently in active sport. So I hope these ones would be good too. Shoes fit well, but still, my advice is to buy a half size bigger.
B008ALX6SO They run a little small, so buy a larger size Following other reviews, I ordered a slightly large size because they run small, and it fits fine.  I think I normally wear a 9.5, and I ordered a 10 and it fits fine - I would recommend ordering up a half or whole size.
B008ALX6SO Siza seems to be wrong I bought a 10.5 US men size shoe but it looks like a 9.5 US Women..... It doesn't fit!!!!!!!!!!! I lost my money...
B008ALXEBS Love it I love it because it's lightweight and comfortable, but you have to be careful of the size chart if you are used to ware other brands. The best thing to do when selecting your size is to follow the Europe sizes because I found them to be the same when comparing different brands such as Adidas and Puma.
B008ALXEBS These shoes were exactly what I ordered. They were delivered promptly and the size was correct the first time.
B008ALXEBS Nice One I like this shoes its very light quality made but comes a little bit large then size i think so make sure to buy exact size.
B008ALXU2Q puma mens universal fg soccer cleat i received these 3 days after i ordered them, so shipping was fast. the price is good for these shoes, and these arent crummy cleats at all. they are a little tight if you order them in your size but they are supposed to be a little tight though. in my opinion i would order these a 1/2 size up then your average measurement but other than that theyre great..
B008ALYJQW Comfortable Cleats Buy one size bigger. Had to return the one that had the right size by label, but wouldn't fit.My son seem to like these cleats. He is very comfortable with it. Don't know how long it's going to last, so far so good.I would give it 5 stars if the size is what it says it is.
B008AU390K expected better product I expected a better quality (of material), but are things that can not see on a virtual sale. About size, is small if you compare with other brands in the same size.
B008AWU21W Love it the Design is great the color is perfect and the size need be 0.5 more that your normal size :D recommended 100%
B008AWW7Y2 AMAZON COMES THROUGH AGAIN! GREAT SHOE ALL AROUND FOR WALKING, JOGGING OR FOR FASHION. I SAW THEM IN A STORE IN SIZE 12 AND THW FIT WAS TOO TIGHT. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR COMING THROUGH AND HAVING MY SIZE!!
B008AWYIXU Too small and too tight. I will have to return these nice puma's. This size is not regular size 11 D, what I usually buy.  Too small and too tight.Would like to exchange for correct fit, but  don't know what that size would be?When shoes are made in China, it should be required that you make that information known. Thank you! S.F.
B008AXTOQ0 Get them one size larger It would have been nice if Amazon posted a size chart that compared your shoe size vs. true size because there is no doubt that Puma runs smaller than your actual shoe size. I typically wear a size 11 but the Puma size 11 runs smaller and I really need a size 12. Had they posted a chart that said Puma shoes run smaller, I would have ordered a larger size. Now I have to ship them back and get a larger size and I'm not too happy about that. The shoe itself is a nice style and the colors are what I wanted. I just wish the shoes were a true size and not smaller.
B008AXTOQ0 Buy 1/2 size larger. Shoes fix good. Bought them half size larger like other reviews said to do and it worked out perfect. Would recommend to friend.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Size .. Light Weight.. Awesome comfort... Go For it... Perfect Size .. Light Weight.. Awesome comfort... Go For it... My India size is 8 and US size 9 is perfect size to fit..
B008AXTOQ0 Stay with your shoe size I had purchased 2 separate pairs of Puma's recently, both just 'recreational' shoes I guess you would call them, and for both I had to get a 1/2 size larger. So I took the same precaution when ordering these and was wrong. Turns out they are about a 1/2 size too big, so I'm exchanging them for the regular size I normally wear. A good looking shoe though. I'm excited about getting the exchanged pair.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic Mesh I love these shoes. They are light and very comfortable. I have ordered additional pairs in different colors. Order about a half size larger than normal for the best fit.
B008AXTOQ0 Looks Great. Overall the shoes are great.Except for the fact that the box is labeled as one size, and the shoes are a size below that, I love the shoes.I really don't feel like sending them back for the right size, so I've already decided to deal with it.
B008AXTOQ0 Good This show fits as expected.  Did not need to get a bigger size.  It looks really good.  The show is flexible.  Highly recommend.
B008AXTOQ0 double check the size I ordered a size 10 and got a 9 but I just don't want to wait for another pair of shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable and feels nice. Pick 1/2 a size larger than your size! Great pair of shoes and look very nice. Make sure you pick a size 1/2 a size larger than what u currently wear because it is slightly smaller than the size stated.
B008AXTOQ0 Sizes are smaller by 1 size I usually wear my shoes a size too big beacuse its more comfortable on my odd shaped feet. I just tie the laces tighter and it works out. I was surprised when I got the shoes because they were very snug, so it took a while for them to stop blistering my feet when running. After the first 4 or 5 miles, they're awesome.
B008AXTOQ0 1/2 size did the trick My son loves these shoes. They are a great color combination  and fit well at half size larger than his 8.5 size.
B008AXTOQ0 fitting you do need to buy at least a size larger. fits perfetly as suggested by other customers who suggested this.
B008AXTOQ0 Didn't Have to Go Up Half a Size I went up half a size like the other reviews had mentioned and I did not need to do that.  The shoes are a bit big.  However, they are very comfortable.  When working out and sweating, the shoes do start to squeak, although that could be because they are a bit too big for me.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Puma makes great shoes, including these. My only knock against them is that their sizing is always a bit off. Order at least a half size larger than your normal size in order to get a good fit.
B008AXTOQ0 Twice Ordered-Twice too Small Got to remember&#8230;.China thinks an 11 is a 10Don't know how that happened, but add a full size when ordering these Pumas
B008AXTOQ0 look nice but... My fiance has been wearing the voltic 3 pumas and really liked them. I ordered the voltic 4 and they are smaller than the voltic 3, about a size smaller. My fiances a size 14 which is as big as we could order. I would recommend ordering a size bigger, if your use to the voltic 3. There is a loop in the back, making it easier to put on the shoes, and the mesh around the top of your ankle helps so that the shoe does not rub your skin.
B008AXTOQ0 its longer for its size I bought a size 12 and i would say i have about an inch or a little over of extra toe length, but it is very tight. Even with really thin socks. It does take some time to break in and get used to but it would be nice if the sizing were more uniform like other running shoes. Guess I should have gotten a size 11 or 11.5 but that might be even worse.
B008AXTOQ0 Worth the money First of all, they are not as good as shoes I have purchased from stores like REI. That said, they are prefect if you are just looking for a gym shoe and well worth the money.I thought I'd say a little bit about the sizing since there are several comments about it. When I first tried the shoes on them seemed small. However, after breaking them in I would say that sizing is perfect. I'd recommend going with the correct size (not a size larger like some people have recommended) and wearing them around for a week... If you feet are exceptionally wide feet, go with a half a size larger or maybe even skip on these altogether because they definitely fit snug.
B008AXTOQ0 great puma shoes Puma shoes run on a smaller size. Be prepared to buy half a size larger or even a full size larger. Other than that great shoes. Love them
B008AXTOQ0 Not a great fitting shoe .... VERY disappointed I normally wear a size 10.  I followed recommendations and purchased a szie larger.. way to big.  Returned for a size 10, still to large.  Now a 91/2 ... each shoe and size has not fit on the ankle correctly, feel like its slipping off eachs tep I take.  I has the same problem with another pairof Puma's I purchased last year.. they set in my closet.  I do have one pair of Puma's that don't feel like they are slipping off with each step I take.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe Everyone said go a full size larger. Only went a half size. Still bigger than actual size. Like the style and comfort.
B008AXTOQ0 it fit! It is a beautiful and comfortable shoe.I bought a size 10 for my bf and it fit perfectly! Good buy!
B008AXTOQ0 Love them I Love my new shoes, the look nice, I love the colors combination, they are very soft and perfect for runnig. Just be carefull with the size. I'm a PUMA's consumer and I know that I have to ask for 1 size bigger than normal. (In other shoes I look for Size:9 and for puma's I look for Size:10)
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoe.  You just sent me the wrong size You mailed me a pair of size 12 shoes in a box labeled size 13.Shoes would have been perfect but you are out of stock.
B008AXTOQ0 wrong size Like others have said, choose a size at a minimum a half size larger than needed. I may re order with the full size larger.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes that are not true to size! I've bought Puma's before and they are a well made shoe, However this pair are not true to size and are a little snug.
B008AXTOQ0 Yes--order 1/2 size larger. After reading other reviews, I order 1/2-size larger, and they fit perfect. I just took them out of the box and they feel great. Can't wait to work out.
B008AXTOQ0 good looking but snugg these sneakers look great, they feel great, the sizes are however on the small end, get a 1/2 a size bigger than your usual size when buying
B008AXTOQ0 My normal size fits fine. All my shoes are size 12.  I was not sure what size to get after reading some of the reviews, but the color I really liked only had size 12 available or 14 at that time.  With amazon's free returns I figured I have nothing to lose, and I really liked the color, so I ordered a size 12.  When I first tried them on they were a little snug width wise but had plenty of room in the toe area like my other shoes.  A larger size would have been too big/long.  I wore them around the house a little and they immediately started loosening up.  I have not worn them outside yet due to the weather, but so far they fit fine after walking around the house a few times, and im sure the more I wear them they will loosen up more.  I don't know if the size varies a lot between pairs, but I would first try your normal size before going up and walk around in them before making a final judgement.  I had the same thing happen with a pair of New Balance that a lot of the reviews said to go up a size.  That time I first ordered a size up and had to send them back due to them being too large.  I then ordered my normal size and they fit fine.
B008AXTOQ0 2nd pair of Puma Voltaic 4s. I really love the look of the Mens Voltaic line.  I have a pair in lime green that I got over a year ago. They feel great and have held up wonderfully.  So when I saw the Hawaiian Ocean/Snorkel Blue version.... I had to have them.  Well the store only had size 9 & up... I tried on the 9 & it swan on my foot.  So I tried another color.... smallest was 8.5. They fit.  I checked my own lime pair.  It was an 8 & a perfect fit.  Odd... the blue and red version must run small.  I this prompted a search online for my size (8).  Closest size I could find was an 8.5 here on Amazon.  I noticed the reviews said the current Voltaic s run a half size small.  So I took the risk to get the shoe I wanted and ordered the 8.5.  Ordered Monday & got them Wed.  They are a perfect fit.  Wow!  So from what I have experienced... the red and blue Voltaic and the Hawaiian Ocean Snorkel Blue Voltaic have run that half size smaller.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic 4 Running Shoe My husband loved the look of the Puma but they were small for the size.Had to reorder larger size.
B008AXTOQ0 Sizing is a real puzzle here... First pair of Pumas. I ordered a pair of these in black/gold, and after having read all of the reviews advising to &#34;order up&#34; a half size at least, I went with size 10 (men's), even though I normally buy size 9.5 shoes. The pair that I received were nice and snug in width, but felt at least a full size too long. Now I am unsure whether to try a 9.5, or to just try a different type of shoe. I intensely dislike shoes being too long (tripping hazard) more than almost anything else, but I am concerned that if I go much smaller, they may be too narrow. (I do not have wide feet, BTW.)On the plus side, these Voltaics are very nice looking and seem comfortable, although I have not actually taken them out for a run due to the sizing/return issue. It seems like a fine model of shoe, but beware that the &#34;runs small&#34; sizing only refers to width. They are not small in length.
B008AXTOQ0 Returned I already returned this item and got other size 10.5. I think that Puma is little smaller than other brand.
B008AXTOQ0 These shoes are a little smaller than the actual size These shoes are a little smaller than the actual size, so I would recommend getting ones that are half sizes larger. Other than that, they are really light and good for running.
B008AXWA8O Don't say I didn't warn you. First let me say that almost everything about this shoe is exactly what you want and look for in a Puma. The singular flaw of these particular shoes is that the fabric on both sides of the laces is physically wavy when worn; it's these vertically diagonal waves in the fabric over the three neon yellow stripes. It's noticeable from a short distance, so it bothers me. I would normally say that it must be because I got the wrong size, but that's not the problem. I've almost exclusively been wearing Pumas for six years now as my primary shoes. I ordered two pairs of Pumas at the same time two weeks ago, and both are the same size, and the right size, which is the size of all my other eight pairs of Pumas. AND yet, this feature is unique to this pair.When you look at em in the photos they look fine. When you take em out of the box they look fine. When you put em on they don't look right. Don't say I didn't warn you.
B008AXY38Y puma shoes All puma shoes fit to small. I am a size 9 some where between reg. and wide. I have to buy a size 10 to have a good fit.
B008AXY38Y Very nice These run about a half size smaller than your true size...so if u wear a 10...get a 10 1/2 and it will be perfect. My husband loved these.
B008AXY38Y Snug shoes I ordered a 1/2 size larger than usual (recommended in the reviews with this brand).I could have used a whole size larger.The shoes otherwise look good and are comfortable, but somewhat snug.I do hope they wear well.
B008AXY38Y Great looking shoe & comfortable! I purchased these shoes for my husband because he needed a nice white sneaker.  These shoes fit the bill perfectly.  I was worried about what size to order after reading the other reviews, but these ran true to size.  My hubby is a 10.5 and that's what I ordered.  He said they fit perfectly and they're very comfortable!
B008AXY38Y Bought for my dad for Christmas I read in some reviews that this tennis ran small and recommended 1 size larger... not true. I bought a size 11 for my dad who wears size 10, and it was way too large even with socks. My husband, who wears size 11, loved the shoes, the fit, how comfortable it is (and my husband is really picky for shoes), and how nice it looks... my husband decided to keep my dad's gift and I ended up buying another pair size 10 for my dad, who really loved it as well.They look really nice and according to my dad and my husband, are really comfy.
B008AXY38Y sizes option is not available I expect a 42cm size.what size is 42cm? That would be possible to show sizes in cm before ordering the item so that I will get tje exact size fits to me?
B008AXY38Y Size is smaller than your true size These run about a half size smaller than your true size...so if u wear a 10...get a 10 1/2 and it will be perfect. My brothers and father loves them....For a more fashionable design, I personally like this:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009ZPQIZW?ie=UTF8&camp;=213733&creative;=393177&creativeASIN;=B009ZPQIZW&linkCode;=shr&tag;=swiclu-20&linkId;=7FBLJPCDEXKJCQD3Cheers!
B008AXY38Y Five Stars When choosing a size, choose 1/2 size higher
B008AXY38Y Classy I bought them for my husband cause I like the appearance of them. He says they are very comfortable and fit true to size.
B008AXY38Y Perfect Fit I read all the reviews about these shoes being somewhat smaller, than the size said. So I went to Academy, tried on a pair, and they fit perfect. I wear a size 10, and that's what I ordered. Again, they did fit perfectly. I use to only buy Nike, but now, after buying this pair of Puma's, I plan to stick with this brand. I do like the way they fit in the width part. I don't know, that may be where everyone else is having problems. All I know is I love these shoes!!!!
B008AY1ZNY very nice product i love this shoes,they look special but is a little big,maybe a half size doawn was better but for 67$ amazing shoes
B008AZG59W Size was correct Having the shoes fit the appropriate size was great! Some shoes are usually +- .5 a size but these fit correctly. Very Comfortable to run in as well.
B008AZG59W ordered size 13 got size 12 it fits him but wish it what i had ordered.  he likes them good shoes they just need to watch sizes.
B008AZG59W Watch out for the size The product is respectful and reliable. Good material and comfortable to wear. However, I was unlucky in finding the exact size I wear for my feet. The return process was fast and easy. Hope this helps.
B008AZLCBI SMALL TOE 7 and half is my size for Nike, Adidas, Footjoy and Cole Haan. But I should select  size 8 for next time but I don't buy.
B008B0MGQ2 Order Larger Size These run small, order half to full size larger. Good looking shoes, comfortable. Not really a running shoe, more for casual wear.
B008B0MGQ2 Somewhat small I live in Ecuador and wearing size 42 shoes, for that reason I ordered the shoes in size 9.5, but I left a little tight and if I'm wearing long cause pain in the fingers.
B008BXRZ9W Go to shoes. These are the only shoes my daughter will consistently wear.  She has mild sensory issues and struggles with shoes and socks, but she will wear these all day every day.  Buy a half size up.
B008BXRZ9W Cute shoes They are really cute and they match everything, you may want to size up my dd wears a size 8 and I ordered a 9 and it is good fit
B008BXRZ9W Fits more like a ballerina flat or mary jane I bought these for my daughter to wear to school where the uniform requires &#34;athletic shoes&#34; and was hoping these would be a cute alternative to traditional sneakers. Normally I order my daughter a size 12 so that she has room to grow into it and because sneakers can afford to be a little roomy. In flats she wears a size 11  or 11.5. The size 12 sneaker does not stay on my daughter's foot because the elastic holding the shoe on her foot is not particularly tight- it is obviously not adjustable like laces would be. Because of this, I believe these probably aren't the best type of shoes for real athletic activities. If you order these, I suggest you pick the size that is your child's &#34;true size&#34;, not sneaker/boot size. Otherwise the shoe is very cute and the quality is on par with other Puma products.
B008EXQTBO Order half a size bigger. Now that I've had these for a few weeks, I think I can give a pretty fair review.I get new shoes about every five years, but went a little longer this time. After the doctor ordered I get new shoes, I decided now was a good time to replace my Pumas. It wasn't long till after I perused Puma's website that I found these. I instantly fell in love.I normally get white or blue themed shoes, but I wanted something black this time--but not too black. These were perfect.First, the colors. The black isn't too black, more like a charcoal in person. There are areas of the shoe that have a glossy black. The neon green makes everything pop, and the blue trimming and inside--which is my favorite shade of blue--really seals the deal. I've wanted a pair of Pumas with the puma on the sides, but I still like the old Puma logo. These are perfect in that the cat is placed on the inner sides of the shoe, where the classic Puma logo remains on the outer sides. Two for one.The white on the bottom is bright, but will get dirty right away, as you'd expect. The "Cell" line name is on the bottom as well. The shoelaces are black, but have a gray line running in the middle of each.Also, to ease the process of putting them on, each shoe has a rubber tab on the tops of the tongues. Lastly, there's a nice little white puma on the fronts.Now, the reason for the one star off. I'm a 9.5 in shoe size, and have been getting shoes ranging from 9 to 10.5. As I reasoned that Pumas are mostly true to my size (though many claim they run half a size small), I ordered a 9.5 when they were on sale, and I also had a coupon. They fit perfectly around the house. It wasn't till I wore them a whole day that I realized my mistake. I should've listened to the other people and ordered a half size bigger. My feet were killing me.But it was too late to return them. I was going to have to tough them out.What makes this pair unfortunately tight was that they had extra padding on the inside. Which is a good thing, obviously. But know that that extra padding will force you to order a half size bigger than your foot size.But after a few weeks, the shoes have stretched, and they are nearly perfect to my feet. They're still a bit snug, to be sure, but I'm certain that after a little more time they'll stretch a bit more. I like my Pumas true-to-fit, anyhow.Plus, since these are running shoes, they have that extra sole on the bottom, which make these all the more comfortable.I use them for casual wear instead, and I think they're great.
B008EYO4TW Great Style for great Calue This is my third pair of puma ballerinas and I love them. I tend to agree with other customers on the size and recommend purchasing a 1/2 size larger than your regular size.
B008EYO4TW Love them but watch out for size I knew what size I needed ahead. I had to get them 1 size more that what I normally use. But they are VERY confortable. I had puma shoes before and love them!
B008EYP1K8 I ordered too large a size. I normally wear a 10 1/2, so I ordered a size 11.  Unfortunately, they were too big and probably a 10 would be too small.  However, they look adorable and are very practical.
B008EYP1K8 puma peach/pink/mint leaf patent mesh flat I tried a size up because my size wasn't available but it was too big and the color over all wa not peach it was more of a light pink and in the picture it looked almost beige so I had to return it
B008EYP1K8 Love these - but order a half size up I wear an 8, but had to get an 8.5 with these.  Love these shoes - Puma does nice flats.  Recommend
B008F06A5Q Perfect runners I went a size up in these because everyone mentioned the small fit. So glad I did! They fit perfectly. I'm normally a size 10 and have quite a wide foot, 11 fit like a dream. The colours are great and vibrant. I've gone for runs outside and gone to the gym with these and they are very comfortable.Definitely recommend!
B008F06I1M gift A Christmas gift for my 11 year old cousin, she loved the shoes and I got them a half size up which worked out perfect, they fit well!
B008F06I1M Love these shoes! I have the black, yellow and pink ones too! I purchased those in a size 7 and on leg days, they are a little small. I needed a larger size and the 7.5 is perfect for leg days. I love the colors, look, and the mid-rise provide ankle support. I get compliments all the time on these shoes!
B008F06KB0 Size I love them because they are Minnesota Vikings colors but I should have gotten a little bigger size. Kinda snug.
B008F06KB0 Excellent Product The fit of this shoe is very true to size. I am a really big fan of Puma. I have at least 25 pairs of Puma shoes and boots. Puma offers a wide variety of styles and colors that I love.
B008F06KB0 Sizing runs big I was looking for a low profile pair of shoes for walking in the summer. Loved the look of these but when I tried them on at home they were way to big and I ordered two sizes a size up from my normal size and my normal size. Also when tied there was a gap on the side of the shoe which was odd. Returned both pairs. Still looking.
B008F0LPDS puma mens lab11 fabric fashiom sneaker was too small i love the shoe but we ordered size 10,5.  but it was too small./once again amazon staff did not want to accommodate us to get a smaller size. it was one size too small. i had a live chat with a consultant and they did not want to go the extra mile to check and see if there was a size smaller. i was not happy with the overall service of amazon
B008F0LPDS good sizes are very different to what I expected and it was my size but the quality is excellent  I agree
B008F17R2K Very comfortable very light and comfortable... i had bought before my size but they a bit small, i ordered a bigger size this time... is very good. To bad i had to keep the other ones since is not worth it to return them because postage is to expensive
B008F17R2K 1/2 size bigger The shoe is really light wieght.... You hardly know you have it on, but it hurts my feet. I think I needed a half size bigger. I have a pretty small foot. I am 54 though and have always wore a size 9. Maybe if I could of got a half size bigger it would be the ticket. The price is really good and it is a sharp shoe, but my feet are really sensitive and I have to have a comfortable shoe.
B008F17R2K 1/2 size small About Half a size smaller and the shoe is narrower as well. My foot where in pain after 30 min of walking..
B008F17R2K i ordered a half size larger than i normally wear great for the price, comfortable and nice looking.i wear an 11.5 but after reading the reviews i ordered a 12 - fits perfect
B008F17R2K Comfortable shoes and a note about the size These shoes are good looking, light weight, and comfortable. One point is that the Puma logo on it is not that obvious (I have the black in black one) it's quite small, so people may not easily recognize the brand, I know some of you may not care about this but just wanted to mention it. Another point that another reviewer mentioned (thanks to him) which is extremely important is the size; make sure you order your size +1 or at least +0.5. I personally wear 9.5 and 10 in some brands, so I decided to go ahead and order 10.5 for this order based on that review and I'm glad I did, 10.5 was the perfect size for me unlike all my shoes that range between 9.5 and 10 so keep this in mind.
B008F17R2K Warning about size Be very careful when considering these shoes.Their size chart is SMALLER then most other shoe manufacturersI ordered my standard size, 11,  but based on what I got i'need at least a 12.5
B008F17R2K Looks and feels very snug.  Great buy!! Nothing much to say other than the fact that they fit perfectly and very light on my feet, perhaps thanks to the construction material in the sole.  The neon green does stand out a bit, just like in the pics, but I guess that's the fashion now, even for an old guy like me in the 40's!!I am a size 8-1/2 but bought a 9 after reading about size and fit from other reviews.  And thanks to those reviewers, the extra half size works out great but I have a feeling that the correct size would have fitted as well.  Shoes are one of those few things that I never thought that I would buy online just because of many mysteries and unknowns with fit and feel.  These shoes definitely broke that myth for me and are here to stay.For how much I paid for these plush free 2-day shipping from amazon, these are definitely a bargain.  My confidence level in buying shoes also has just gotten a huge boost!
B008F17R2K 10 on looks 5 on fit Shoe looks great but runs narrow towards the toes so I'm glad I got a half size larger. Go with a half size larger or you will be sorry.
B008F17R2K Size too small. I ordered a half size larger than normal because of some of the reviews and I could have gone up a size and a half from how tight they were.
B008F17R2K Fits excellent I ordered one size bigger following reviews and fits great! I do no use it already but look very good material.
B008F17R2K Amazing shoe I love these shoes. I am an avid runner and have never owned a more comfortable pair. I read a lot of reviews about problems with size but I am a big fan if the puma brand and know to always order a half size bigger. I did the same thing with these shoes and they fit great.
B008F17R2K It is narrow but lots of comments on brightness As a reviewer mention it is a size to small. So you wear a 9 order a 10. Following another purchaser review I avoided ordering my real size and was able to fit in the shoe ordering one size larger. I have gotten comments on how bright these shoes are. I am looking to get a pair brighter than these just to walk in as I like the feel of these to run my 7 miles a week.
B008F17R2K PUMA I wore them once, i have blisters on both feet. I wished I would of got size ten. Oh well.
B008F17R2K Great shoe for a great price After reading other reviews I was a little concerned about what size to order and if it was even worth trying.  Since it was the deal of the day - great price - I decided to try and am very glad I did.  As for the size my son - who ran track - said you wanted them very tight, he even orders some shoes one size to small to make sure they are a very tight fit, and he said they stretch out.  I usually wear a size 9 or size 9.5, so with the reviews and his advise I ordered a size 9.  When I tried them on I was a little concerned because they were very tight, but after walking around in them for a couple hours they felt a lot better, and when I ran in them the next day they were great!  Very comfortable shoe, light weight, fits great.  These are now my favorite running shoes.
B008F17R2K why don't you make this is half size they should make this in half size like 12.5 which would have been perfect. it seems that they don't carry or even make an 12.5 size thats bizarre
B008F17R2K great shoes bought for our son.  he loves them, they fit as expected.  We ordered the wrong size the first time but easily exchanged them at no cost.
B008F2DOOE Stylish These pants fit well and are true to size, I bought them for working out, but my husband says they're cool for wearing out.  Decide to order extras but they're all out of my size. They feel great.
B008J3F0PA good buy VVery vibrant colors good strong material great price my daughter likes it!!! So im happy with that i got a size larger and didn't need 2 tru to size!!
B008KH204O Size The material was good and very unice but the size was small than age upto 16 year. It is okay for age between 6-10 years.
B008KJ5MWY Two to three sizes too small! Ridiculously sized hoodie, about half the size it claimed to be. It might be a kids size 7-8 on a good day, and claimed to fit a 12-14.Beautiful jacket, though. Ill keep it as a future gift for some little girl in the future....
B008L717ME Puma I purchased these shoes for wife and she loves them. They have a slim design and fit true to size.
B008PEJOKK shoes My son loves these shoes.  I ordered a size too big, so he'll be wearing them, probably in the spring
B008PEJOKK Great design! My son was stoked to get these shoes. He loves the color. However, I purchased the size 9 toddler, and I don't feel that they are much larger than his size 8 shoes now, so I'm not sure that he'll get to wear them long. I don't know if that is typical of Puma shoes or not, but they seem to fit a little small to size.  Otherwise, they are great!
B008PT3TK6 Size was perfect for my son!! Items came in on time and Product fits true size for my son!! The colors were perfect for using it at his school basketball games! Thanks
B008PVA3L2 Great item, just wrong size. Puma makes great clothes for children.  I buy Puma for my grandson all the time.  I love the look and quality.
B008QY0KMK Very nice shoes! They seem to be about 1/2 a size bigger than expected but better a little big than too small!  They are very nice looking shoes! Very excited to try them out!!
B008QY0MWS Wrong size sent I ordered size 7 and was sent a 7.5, not very happy at all.
B008QY0MWS size shoes were a little tight but will loosen up so it is no big deal other than that i am happy with them
B008QY0MWS Nice Shoe, But Cut Small The risk of buying shoes without trying them on is different shoes/manufacturers fit differently.  That was the case with these Puma PG Clydes.  I really liked the shoe, but it was just tooooo small.  I wear a size 10 in all dress shoes, and most tennis shoes and golf shoes.  However, I think these were a full size smaller than normal.  So after I tried these on and they were to small,  I ordered the size 11.  I hope they will fit better.
B008QY0MWS Sizing issues The shoes fit at least one size smaller than marked. I was forced to return even though I live abroad.
B008QY0MWS Nice gol shoes Maybe they run a half size smaller, or my foot has grown
B008QY0MWS Right size, Wrong fit was my right size but very disappointed, it does not fit well--squeezed at the end hurting my figures. (I regret the deal)
B008QY0MWS size is not what it says it is..... I had purchased before this pair of Puma golf shoes size 11M and they fit fine. This pair although it says11M is much narrower.
B008QY0MWS My son loves his nw golf shoe I bought these for my son for golfing and he love them.  He normally wears a11.5 which is what I ordered and they fit true to size.
B008QY0MWS spikeless golf shoe I read reviews that said these shoes are small in size,They were right,I wear 10.5-11D.I bought 11.5 in size and they fit great.These shoes are very comfortable.I would buy them again.Make sure to order one size larger.
B008QY0TJO Puma men's tux For under $60 this was definitely the deal of the month. They are sleek, comfortable and clean well. The only inconvenience was mailing back the first pair. Fortunately it was free shipping. I typically wear size 11 but the puma size 11 was too big. I downloaded the voucher to mail the shoes back and within a week I had my size 10 1/2 and I'm a happy customer.
B008QY0TJO Not my best purchase... The shoes looked better on the website than when I recieved them. Additionally, they were about a size to big. I guess I didn't do my homework, but for $43.00 They'll do...
B008QY1X0S Nice shoes for the price I haven't bought golf shoes in 10 years, so maybe they're supposed to be big, but I wish I would have bought a half size smaller. I wear a 10.5 in puma soccer shoes, but probably need a 10 in these golf shoes.  Otherwise they're very comfortable, and great grip on the golf course! I've worn them for 2 full rounds during my first week and wouldn't exchange them at all for anything other than sizing. I recommend!
B008QY1X0S Love the shoes! I've worn these shoes a couple times at the range.  They are very comfortable and fit to size.  They taper at toes a little so if you have wide feet, it may be an option to go a size larger.
B008QY1X0S Love them, but got wrong size Went to store and tried on a different Puma shoes design. My normal size was too big, so I ordered these a half size smaller thinking that maybe Puma's ran big. Got my pair, great shoes, but a bit too small. Very sad that the correct size is not available. :-(
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Sport Golf Shoe Seems like good quality; Also seems the size runs small......I typically wear size 10; the 10.5 I ordered are still a little snug.....may stretch after I wear them.
B008QY3N5Q Love these shoes! I wear a size 10.5 regular shoe size. But many times if I get a (M) or regular size, they  always turn out to be too narrow. So I end up either purchasing a size larger or wider . I took a chance on purchasing this 10.5 golf shoes in M. These shoes fit perfectly. I'm glad I didn't buy them in a size larger. Just used them yesterday and they are super comfortable and with great grip. They have the permanent small spikes as the street golf shoes do, as well as the replaceable S2Quill spikes (6).  For the price, I highly recommend these shoes and would purchase another pair in a heart beat.
B008R9Y0V6 love these sneakers! I purchased these for my mom. She absolutely loved them. She said they fit true to size and are very comfortable.
B008R9Y0V6 Really Cute Sneaker. These are super cute. Has a nice height. They are a little snug on me. Should have ordered a 1/2 size larger.
B008RAGKBS Next I will bwe sure of the size chart The size was two size smallest. All of all great shoes, nice design. Just was I looking in a sports shoe
B008RAGKBS somewhat large I haven't ordered Puma an along time, so I took a chance an ordered half size bigger.Does Puma make their size bigger.
B008RAGKBS Looking Good! I bought 1/2 size up, because I always buy 1/2 size up in running shoes, and it fits well in length.  Although a little tight at the beginning, it has given and now they fit very well.  They look good too.  I paid $35.  I say: Good deal!
B008RB17OM Fashionable and Durable This is a really good quality and importantly, fashionable, product for youth. Highly recommend, keeping in mind that Puma shoes generally run smaller by a half to one full size small than actual worn size. Would not show them off wearing in rain and dirt, outer may suffer and require pro cleaning methods, maybe.
B008RB3J48 Really cool shoes! These bad boys are currently on sale at about half the price, so that's a steal if you ask me. Especially because I'm a big fan of the team :) Like most Pumas, they run a size small so order a size bigger than you usually would. I loved these so much, I got them in gray as well, really good buy!
B008RLXJCK Puma golf shoes I chose this product because the design appealed to me. Ordering on line is a gamble because the product may not fit, the size was too large or small, the fabric may not be to your liking.The Puma Women's Golf Shoe was all it was advertised to be, perfect fit, material, color and size.I would buy a Puma product again especially women's golf shoes.
B008RLXJCK Well made. Good fit. My daughter picked these golf shoes for her high school golf team. Glad to find nice womens golf shoes in larger sizes. (10.5)They fit was very nice, exact size she wears in an athletic shoe (1/2 size up from her street size). I thought they would look line nurses shoes, but they are cute. She really likes them.
B008RLY7NK make foot look small:) I love pumas. They make your foot look smaller. I got a size 10-10.5 foot. This is the 3rd pair I brought off Amazon. I love the colors.
B008RLY7NK mimi feel great the size was perfect
B008S353LW very narrow :( i have never bought a pair of puma's before so i wasnt sure how they would fit. i read some of the reviews and they said to order a half size to a whole size bigger. so i ordered a whole size larger. i just got them today and they are VERY narrow!! they are not for chubby feet. they fit length wise good. they are roomy in the toes, which i always like. i cant stand crunched toes. so i would say the same thing,to order a half size larger or a whole size larger than you normally wear in other shoe brands. if you like a more snug fit i would say order a half size bigger. but if you are like me and you like them roomy them a whole size bigger. i do love the color though!! they look exactly like the photo! i gave them a 3 because they arent wide enough for my taste. if they were wide enough i would say a 4. i would recommend this shoe still though i would just say to order big and they arent for wide feet.
B008U5K30O shoes Loved these bought these for my grand daughter but had to send back they were way to big.Hoping they have a smaller size.
B008VQ01M2 Very Good It fits pretty well, I ordered a smaller size since Puma is always smaller. Its really confortable. I do recomend
B008VQO9AC nice shoes These are nice but definitely get a half size bigger than you normally wear. They are tight on my feet.
B008VUJBLA Not happy I usually wear a 5 1/2 but theses pumas run a lil tight  now I can't wear them ...so buy a size bigger
B008X04NE8 Three Stars look good but it's wrong size for my son.
B0097YHQ16 I like them I usually wear 8 1/2 which is what size I purchased, they are a little too small on the width. I would go up half a size if I were to order another pair. Besides that they are good shoes to wear out but, I wouldn't use them as work shoes or work out shoes. Quality was different then I expected but, I think it's just the material that I am not used to. The shoes look great although I was worried about the yellow on the shoe it doesn't look bad.
B0097YHQ16 Love my new Puma shoes I was little concern about the size because I had Puma shoes before that I ordered in 7.5 size and were too big. This ones are also 7.5 but fit just right. Combination of colors looks very nice.
B0097YHQ16 super comfy beautifully made, great colors, super comfy... good price. order a half size up from your "Normal Size". Love these sneaks... ordering more colors
B0098IBSTM Satisied Was very satisfied with the overall product and quick delivery. I tried this brand in a store to ensure size needed as I wear a 10 1/2 normal size and found I needed a size 12 in this brand, Could have been 11 1/2 but, overall satisfied. if I didnt know about the different size needed then it would have been the wrong size though. Just an FYI
B0098IBSTM Nice Grips I went up a half size because recommendations on PUMA were correct, so if you are a size 10 go with the 10 1/2. Great fit, extremely light sneaker...
B0098ICASK size problem I like very much this running shoe but ...I can not use because the size does not fit at all with the size chart,and I have no way to return because I'm not in USA (too big)
B009FD25EC They are great! These shoes look amazing! I got the Dark Shadow/Black. Let me tell you, the green pops! Everyone notices them and they are extremely light and comfortable. I love them and if you are planning on buying them I say yes! Don't be on the fence anymore, you need these! Make sure to get the appropriate size to your feet. I always get my exact shoe size since I don't have wide feet and Pumas always fit me perfectly but I've noticed on here that people say to go a size up. If you are used to other shoes then maybe that's a good idea but I find that for me I don't have to.
B009FD2LM8 To big The were fine but Shoes to were to big for me. Need to change for another size. Smaller. Thank you
B009FDO3U6 I received the wrong size First let me start by saying that I work overseas and it's impossible for me to return any item back to the States for less than $100. These shoes only costed me $70.I ordered a size 13 and you sent me a size 12. These shoes are too small and cannot be worn. A waste of $70. Amazon you can do better.
B009FDO3U6 Very nice style I love these shoes. My son is normally a size 6 in kids; so I purchased a size 6.5 in mens and it fits perfectly. The larger sizes definitely tend to run small (my other son is normally a size 11.5, so im awaiting a size 13 because the size 12 was too small).
B009FDPVRK No! These shoes are not what they advertise as I had ordered size 12 and put them against my size 12 nike and there was about a three inch difference. I would like to get a refund for these shoes as they are extremely tight
B009FDPVRK Great but... The shoes feels great, but it does seem to fit tighter than the size, therefore, if I had to buy the shoe again, I would purchase size 11 (normally I wear 10.5). Is a tight fit, ok for me but some people will feel it too tight
B009FDPVRK Very light. The shoe itself is very light. You should definitely order one size higher than you usually would though. I wear size 9 and bought a size 9.5. It may have been a better idea to order size 10. It does run a bit small. Other than that, it's a very good pair of running shoes.
B009FDPVRK Ouch These shoes were extremely comfortable at first once I got the right size. I usually wear a size 10, but these I had to order a 10.5 and they are a little tighter than most of my size 10 shoes, but are the right fit. After wearing these for about 2 months fairly frequently with no issues these now leave blisters on both feet when I work out AND are now extremely uncomfortable. These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever purchased. Avoid and purchase another option.
B009FDPVRK One size smaller than other shoes Not a bad idea to order one size up. Very thin material. Sole not soft enough. Feels like your toes are sticking out when you jog.
B009FDPVRK order a size larger i wear a 9.5 and got these in 10.5 based on the reviews. a 10 might have worked but always order on the safe side when doing this online.
B009FDPVRK Can't beat the price for my use I am a woman with an 11.5N foot.  I usually order Men's 10.5D sneakers because I like more room in the toe box than I can get in a woman's shoe. I ordered the Puma 10.5D and exchanged them for the 11D because the 10.5D fit like a 9.5D.  I only went up a half size on the exchange because I wasn't sure how much more room I'd get with this manufacturer and I figured that I could always exchange these again if necessary for another half size up.The 11D are snug, but not horribly snug as to be uncomfortable.  If I were planning on wearing these for actual athletic activity as opposed to just doing daily chores about the house, in the garden, or running about town, I would size these up a full size.  Additionally I must say that there if you are purchasing these for running, buy another shoe.  The support in these is minimal - akin to wearing bedroom slippers (seriously).
B009FDR416 Cute Shoe, terrible fit I ordered these in my regular size, and found them to be too small. I exchanged them for a half size bigger and found they still dont fit like they should.
B009FDR416 THIS BRAND IS SMALLER SIZE THAN OTHERS UNFORTUNATELY I ORDERED SIZE 11 FOR PUMA SHOES, IN THIS BRAND EVERYBODY HAVE TO WEAR ANOTHER BIGGER SIZE,,,I ORDERED ANOTHER SHOES SIZE 11 (DIESEL SHOES) AND THAT ONES FIT PERFECT,,,,,BAD I COULDNT EXCHANGE PUMA SIZE 11 FOR 12 BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE THIS DESIGN
B009FEBLPK Puma's how can you go wrong These shoes were delivered fast and feel great.  I was very impressed overall.  The size was a bit iffy when I ordered but turned out great.
B009FLISB8 we need a smaller size of it size 8 please can you get smaller sizes of this sneakers. for people that have smaller legs like me. thank you. I need it in a size 8us
B009FM4BCW Quality great, size larger than expected. Every Puma shoe/sneaker/cleat I have ever purchased for my son has run small (and I have bought a lot of them). Until now. These seem to run big. I was definitely surprised by that, but I was not surprised by the quality. They are a really nice pair of shoes overall. Just beware that you might need to consider a half size down on them.
B009FM4BCW Bought as a gift I bought these shoes as a gift for my fianc&eacute;e and he is extremely picky about his shoes.  He said these are so comfortable and he wants to order more!  They have more padding than the traditional all-suede pumas.  These are true to size.
B009FM4GK4 Good looking shoes I get complimented on these shoes regularly and they fit true to size. Wouldn't bother going up/down a size for this purchase, as the shoes are pretty spacious and fit like a dream.
B009FM4GK4 They run about a half size larger than other PUMAs. Ive owned 4 different pairs of PUMA shoes and Ive always been a size 12, however with these they are quite a bit larger than a normal 12. I had to send mine back in for a 11.5 which seems to work just fine. The toe of the shoe is very soft so I can see them possibly ripping with serious skateboarding. I bought these for around town longboard cruises.
B009FM64EK Too big, still nice. I really like these shoes, problem is, they are too big, so I had to return. Another problem would be that the website I purchased them through had the size I needed, but Amazon only had the size I purchased and the size below it available. Didn't make much sense. Anyway, the shoes are still nice, they would be better though on my feet, heh.
B009FM6GKM Nice shoes Quality shoes. I ordered a 8.5us but it feels a bit smaller, Best to order one size bigger. Will buy again
B009FM6GKM They are nice My son loved these shoes and they do look pretty cool. True to size and he says they fit comfortably.
B009FM6GKM extremely small Buy these shoes size 11 since I buy all Cougars are this size and to my surprise I can not put me.
B009FMR6D8 1/2 size big Looks and feels great lots of comfort they are great shoes but I don't really know how to clean them but oh well loved the shoes
B009FMSK1A Size difference? My other size 10 Pumas fit like magic. These ones cut off the circulation to my pinky toes. Good shoes, bad sizes.
B009FN614C Tight Fix I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear but when I tried on this shoes they were too tight around the toes. Once I wore them a few time they got more comfortable.
B009FN614C Nice sneakers and comfy I got a half size larger because reviews said they fit small on most! Not me! The are 1/2 size to big. So j will be giving them away! But they came in great time and are what I expected.
B009FN614C puma wedges love love love these tennis shoes! very comfortable, fits true to size. i have 10 pair and wish i could find them in the other colors in my size. i bought them at an extremely good price which def helped a lot. very versatile - can wear with jeans, leggings, shorts, cotton maxi skirts. would def recommend.
B009FN614C This is the wrong size I ordered a size 8.5 and got an 8. My feet are too big for this. I want a bigger size.
B009FN614C Just the right size I bought these for my God Daughter and they were the perfect size for her with a great fit and also very comfortable.  She especially looooved the color and the fact that they were wedge sneaker and I looooooved the price :)  I actually have them in black with flourescent green which gets me alot of compliments when I wear mines.  So they are pretty much true to the size and I wear 9 1/2, I could probably wear a 10 also with thick socks.
B009FN614C True to size I'm normally a 7 in tennis shoes and 7.5 in wedge shoes so I ordered a 7.5 and they fit perfectly.
B009FN614C amazing deal I bought this for $28 free shipping. How can you beat that? It is one of the best wedge sneakers out there.  It looks like hi tops. I can dance and do kickboxing on it. It fits true to size. Usually I go half size bigger but not with this one
B009FN614C Love the shoes. I love the shoes. I bought size 6 even though I'm usually size 5 when wear flats. But when comes to sneakers, I usually go 5.5. Since they are wedges, I decided to go with size 6 so that I'm sure I will have enought room in toe area.  It works out perfectly.  Size 5.5 may have been worked out as well but I didn't want to risk it.  Size 6 is good for me too.  If they stretch over time, I'll just put in some insoles.  They are really comfortable, as the wedges aren't too high. The sneaker style(laces, padding, cushion) makes them a lot more comfortable than the regular wedges such as wedge sandals or boots. I bought a pair in gray/orange, which is actually a pretty subtle combination, not over the top or boring.  The combination goes well with many other colors too.  Amazon has the cheapest price.  I stopped wearing sneakers a long time ago.  so when my husband saw me in these Puma sneakers the first time he thought it's funny...then I explained they are actually wedges, he said cool.  I don't know why I'm telling this.... ( maybe because I'm going crazy as it's 4am and I still can't fall asleep...) I don't care what he says anyway because I don't trust his fashion sense; he always wears oversized pants with unmatched socks lol......overall, I'm enjoying the shoes, they are fun and comfortable to wear.
B009FN614C These are hot!!! Absolutely love these puma wedges!!! They do run a little big. I am a 7.5 and these feel like an 8. Should have ordered a size 7. Other than that they are just fab.
B009FN614C Sporty, trendy, comfy wedge sneakers I love these PUMA Sky Wedge sneakers!  I purchased them in black/limestone gray so that I could coordinate them with black leggings, gray leggings, and jeans.  I am a true size 7 and ordered both the size 7 and 7.5 to compare sizing.  The size 7 fit perfectly; I could wear a thin pair of socks and be comfortable.  The size 7.5 was comfy and roomy but, I'd probably have to wear a thick pair of socks; plus, my feet looked a bit too large in the size 7.5.  The wedge is hidden really well within the shoe and there is a lot of cushioning in the shoe so, it's super comfortable.  I haven't worn them out yet but, walking around my house, I felt absolutely zero pain or discomfort.  And, the price of these shoes is unbeatable.  Most fashionable and brand-name wedge sneakers are selling for $100+ (normally $200+) so, these were a real steal!  Would definitely recommend.
B009FN614C stylin feet Love these daring, cool sneakers! They go with everything from workout clothes to skinny jeans. I am usually always a true size 9 and as long as I don't wear too thick of a sock, they are pretty comfy but I wish I went up a 1/2 size for the ultimate fit.  Otherwise, I love them!
B009FN614C love them they are super comfy. i got a 7. i am typically a 6.5 or 7 and they fit true to size.
B009FNMVBY Comfy barefoot feel - runs a full size small I have been looking for a pair of flat shoes that don't look too girly, too sporty, or too dull - these are it!  They are very supple and soft - and they have a true barefoot feeling to them (if you don't want to REALLY feel the pavement under your feet, these are not for you).  Thanks to other reviewers, I ordered a full size larger than my regular 8.5, and the fit is just right.  I do sometimes wear a 9, so if you are at the smaller end of your regular size, a half size up may be sufficient.  I wore these for a full day the first time I put them on and I had no sore spots whatsoever.  The elastic is somewhat tighter than it needs to be, I think - and while it is very soft and doesn't rub at all, it does have the effect of pushing your foot forward into the toe box a little.  I think this will diminish over time - and even so, it's an extremely comfortable shoe.  I may order another pair to wear as slippers!
B009FNMVBY Be Size Aware for Puma I just wanted to clarify a size issue for this shoe...I own two colors and ordered 1/2 size larger than my normal 9 but after wearing them maybe weekly for months they are now too big and literally fall off my feet like slippers!  The quality of the leather is excellent and like all good leather will stretch.  Just something to think about depending how your foot fits your size.  I am now buying 9's so when they stretch, they'll fit perfect!  They are a 10 on a scale of 1-10 for comfort and one of my favorite all-time ballet flats!
B009FNNAT6 Size problem The shoes are nice and goodQuality, but the size is running too small. I always use size 7.5 but this one doesn't fit me. Maybe a size 8 could be better.
B009FNNFC8 after reading reviews, I ordered them smaller. Wish I hadn't I read a lot of reviews that said these shoes fit larger than pumas other shoes. So I decided to order them half a size smaller. They still fit, but I'm wishing I had ordered them in my usual size. They are still comfy and adorable though!
B009FNNFC8 Cute but runs big I usually wear a 5.5 in Puma but these shoes run big. I would love to have them in a 5 but they don't have that size in stock :(
B009G1T35M Perfet size beautiful shoes no weight nothing and fit perfect
B009G1T35M Eye-catching Shoes Great looking shoes.  Received many compliments on them at my granddaughter's softball tournament.  Just be sure to buy a half size larger.
B009G1T5YG nice pair of shoes I bought this product for my wife. she is Asian and she need small size. However she feels quite comfortable and they are right fit. Thanks
B009G1T5YG Returned I had to return them , the were half a size too big. And the peach was more of an orange
B009G1T5YG Sizing is wrong I have always taken a size 11 in ladies shoes and so I ordered that size in this shoe.  However, they are too small.  Since I had worn them, I can not return them so I am stuck with a pair of new shoes that I can not wear.
B009G1T5YG good shoes These shoes are very supportive and also light.  They also have a cool webbed look.  The only issue is this brand runs small in length.  I usually wear a woman's size 9 1/2 or 10.  But I had to exchange for a size 11.
B009G1T5YG Still too narrow I actually wear a size 8 but ordered a size 8 and a half because when reading the reviews there were quite of bit of comments that said they were too narrow  in the toe area. Well I expected it to be more than enough room since i went up half a size but they are still not enough room in the toe area. I love the shoes but they are not true to size or the next size up either.
B009G1U2XE Order a half-size larger Ordered the purple/pink color.  The wife loves them and says they're very cozy.  I ordered a half-size larger based on the other reviews I read and that was a good choice.
B009G1VXJG shoes are ok i ordered a pair in my normal size and they were way to tight and short.  i then ordered a pair a size bigger and they are ok.  not real comfortable.  I do like the look of them tho.
B009GCYOZA great buy I bought it for my 1 and a half year old a size 2, it fits nicely and it keeps him warm!
B009KBPPAA CUTE! CUTE! CUTE! My daughter (5 yrs old) love this shoe and she look so cute in it - That's all that count!!!  I try looking for a larger size for when she grows out of this one, but (sad) there no more larger size!
B009KSDDUM Pumas for my tot! As a big fan of Pumas, my husband & I were excited to find these as our 1 year olds first real pair of shoes.They arrived nicely packaged in the original box. The shoes are beautiful, colors are the same as online (I ordered the gray.) They seem true to size. I was worried that they might run small since I've had to size up in Pumas for myself but no worries with these. They will fit my baby girl all season and they have good traction so I won't be worried for my new little walker.  Great shoe, perfect price. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
B009KSDDUM Cute Sneakers .. I got these shoes for my daughter and she wears size 1, the shoes are really cute beautiful colors combined..but these run  kind of small So i had to return them to order a size bigger but a really comfortable shoes..
B009KTOEDG had to return do to my own These shoes are absolutely adorable! They are made well and just perfect for school. I messed up and ordered the wrong size and sadly had to return them to top it off they were sold out of them in her size. I had a very disappointed little girl on my hands and had to take a time out for my mistake. All in all I think these are a great buy.
B009KTR62M Cool shoes! get 1/2 size bigger I got these shoes for my 9 year old son and he LOVES them!. they truly are SUPER LIGHT! Just keep in mind that it fits a little snug, so get 1/2 size bigger if possible.
B009KW027A They are a bit tight They are a bit tight, my son liked the shoes but apparently grew a little tightened foot and shoes. I do not understand, I ordered the size he wears., my son liked the shoes but apparently grew a little tightened foot and shoes. I do not understand, I ordered the size he wears.
B009MNYG1U Puma sneakers The sneaker MUST be ordered larger than your normal size it is far too narrow so for it to fit comfortably it must be a larger size
B009MNYG1U Too smalll I always get size 12 men's Pumas.  This pair was smaller than other styles.  Had to send them back even though I loved the style.
B009MNYG1U Too small I normally wear a size 91\2 to a 10. Even the 10 was too tight.However I started wearing it with a very thin sock, but it is off putting.I guess that's the chance one takes when buying on line.Lesson learned.Perhaps I should add that the the shoe is great look and that Puma makesa quality product. However, I did measure my foot according to your size chartbefore placing the order. Frustrating.
B009MNZO3O True to size No complaints, good fit, true to size. Cushioned on bottom. Wear them every day for work for a few months now and haven't had any issues.
B009P4223K Worth buying It's just the right size, is really very good gifts to give to friends, I think I will buy again!
B009SDR9HC Good quality All PUMA sneakers are half size smaller than all regular shoes. I buy it for my daughter every year - different models. Her shoe size is 6 but 6,5 PUMA fits perfectly. This model is very nice one.
B009STNEF2 Outstanding Quality was amazing , size fit my foot as expected, just remember that a size 12 in a Nike means your probably a size 13 and Puma or Adidas due to the narrow cut
B009STNEF2 Tight and small for size eleven shoes. The shoes are nice looking but they are too tight for size 11. I would recommend that you order a whole size larger for a good fit.
B009V3NJR8 The unisex styling of this shoe makes the MEN'S SIZES RUN ABOUT 1/2 SIZE TOO SMALL, particularly in the toe. I like Pumas in general, I dig these bright & flashy colors, and I loved the price I got on them.The craftsmanship and materials are great, but as a 6-foot tall male, the fit left something to be desired.Puma's size 12 shoe fits me comfortably in 3 of their other shoe styles, but not in this particular shoe.The fit is plenty wide, but noticeably shorter from heel-to-toe, even after breaking them in.I would recommend that guys order a half-size or a whole-size larger than their normal size.
B009XHPWAY Nice fit I was a little concerned about buying shoes over the Internet, so I took a tape measure to see how long my feet were, and it was exactly 27 cm (US 9), so I checked the size chart  to see what size would match. So I ordered it, worrying about if it could be a larger or an smaller for my feet. The shoes arrived in time, regarding the fact that I live outside US. It was the perfect fit and the shoes are very comfortable.I'm a beginner on soccer, so I was looking for universal shoes where I can used them on any field, and for the price  I think these will make a good job.
B00A005X4S 1/2 size too small Yeah....just order a half size bigger or your toes will go numb. Great color, though and ideal to fit in a bag or brief case for those long days in high heels. Not much cushion, but feels great after wearing heels all day.
B00A008HR8 UNIQUE STYLISH SNEAKERS I USUALLY DONT LEAVE REVIEWS ON AMAZON BUT IN THIS CASE I WANTED TO.AFTER READING PREVIOUS REVIEWS, I DECIDED TO ORDER HALF A  SIZE UP  AS A LOT OF PEOPLE WERE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SHOES BEING TOO NARROW IN THE FRONT. I'M GLAD I DID AS THEY FIT PERFECTLY. IM USUALLY A SIZE 9 BUT ORDERED A SIZE 9 1/2 AND IT FIT LIKE A GLOVE. THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND REALLY LOOK GOOD.DONT HESITATE TO ORDER THEM AS I HAVE A FEELING THEY WIL NOT BE AROUND MUCH LONGER.
B00A008HR8 Order up a half size I was a little hesitant to get this shoe because (1) I was worried that the wedge heel would look stupid and (2) I was worried that the color would be too bright. I was wrong on both accounts. The heel blends right in with the shoe, and they aren't really bright or too fluorescent. Also, I took others' advice on ordering up a half size from my usual size. I'm glad I did! I usually always wear an 8 and sized up to 8.5.
B00A008HR8 SENT WRONG SIZE I really don't  know if I would have like these or not because they sent me the wrong size, no way could I get my foot in the size they sent .  Amazon was great at the return.  By just looking at them without being on my foot, I didn't care for their look, so did not reorder this  pair.
B00A008HR8 Needed a 1/2 bigger Super cute I needed a half-size bigger...did not return because my friend who's a size 7 wanted to keep them because they were too cute!
B00A0HDGAO try a size bigger than your regular The shoes are small, otherwise it is nice, my daughter and I both like it.  when you order it consider buy half or one size bigger than your regular
B00A0HDGAO Great shoe! My 10 yr. old son LOVES them! I did order a whole size bigger after reviewing the comments and they fit perfect!
B00A0HDGAO i need change by size. its really important I want to retorn it.what can i do??the size run to smallits a gift chritmas fot me nepfew
B00A0HDGAO Amazon sent one size 11 and one size 12 in a size 12 shoebox and then asks me how these fit?! Not sure if this was the seller's fault or Amazon since Amazon shipped it, but I was really mad to get a mismatched pair the weekend before my kids soccer camp.  We just happened to notice before sending her off with these.
B00A45TRVY Perfect Fit. I was worried that I would pick the wrong size, but I followed the charts and they were accurate&#8230; So totally satisfied.
B00A7H90D4 Just the right size Love the size of this bag for the gym.  Perfect size to tote my cell phone and Kindle.  I can even fit a water bottle in it.  If you need to bring shoes and gym clothes to change into, however, this bag would be too small.
B00AAKL8F6 The size is perfect The size is perfect. The design is beautiful, my daughter love it and me too. It's very confortable.Thank you
B00AAZPJ4M Amazon...give size details/guide please! One problem buying on Amazon is the lack of accurate size guide. I based my purchase on reviews, brand size guide (if available by googling) and guessing (not ideal). Exchange is quite impossible (as I stay outside US). So I really wish Amazon can improve on provide a more accurate/detailed size guide. Anyway I took a bet and got size M for my 8 year old son (4 feet tall and 68 pounds)...fits a little loose and long but it's okay as he can grown into it. Otherwise, good material and nice red color. I got a good discount for it so am pleased.
B00AI1Z2G8 To big Im 9.5 and this is 10 n size, is .5 more big....... I dont like, is to big for me
B00AI222Y2 Great Shoe - Just make sure to order at least a half size to 1 size smaller The spikeless shoes work great and are extremely comfortable. I am usually a 9.5 or 10 closer to 10, but had to order a 9 for this shoe and that fit perfect.
B00AI222Y2 Size 12 is a Size 12, very lightweight, flexible, and breathable They weren't kidding when they said it is almost like golfing barefoot. These are extremely thin and lightweight, to the point they looked and felt like racing sneakers that we used for track and cross country (remember Nike Zoom Waffles?). They are also extremely flexible and breathe like they weren't even there. My biggest problem with normal golf shoes is the lack of ventilation. After walking 18 holes, my feet feel like a pair of saunas with my Adidas shoes (non-vented design). With these, I could feel the breeze waft straight through the mesh. The only downside is that they will get wet with morning dew or in the rain. The positive aspect is that they won't really stay wet too long if the weather conditions are right, as they breathe very well.The tread pattern doesn't clog up with grass, but I felt that it could have offered a bit more traction on grass although it isn't bad at all. Spikes obviously provide you with the most traction, but I grew tired of trying to unclog them and the spikes always felt weird when walking on cart paths.Sizing: I normally wear size US 12, and these fit perfectly in Size US 12. The only complaints I have are that there's more room at the heel and sides of the shoe. However, most of the pressure during swinging should be on the balls of your feet anyhow (check out some of the studies they have conducted on PGA/LPGA pro players where their feet were placed on pressure sensors). This is probably why other reviewers felt they were 1/2 size bigger. I'm pretty sure if I bought these in size US 11.5, that it would be too tight at the tip of my feet.Overall: 5/5 stars, I really like these golf shoes! They are part of a newer generation of running sneakers converted into spike-less golf shoes, which makes total sense. I really dig the color choices, but they won't be attracting the traditionalist.
B00AI222Y2 Big fit, but comfy. Fits larger than I expected. I wear an 11, but these feel about a half size to big. Otherwise, it remains a very comfortable golf shoe.
B00AI222Y2 runs big comfortable shoes, but this was my first time buying Puma and they seem to run about a size larger for me.
B00AI222Y2 ultra light These shoes are very comfortable and so light it feels like you have no shoes on. I usually wear a size 9 US. and that is what I purchased here. I easily could have went down a half size, however I don't think they are offered in half sizes. I possibly could have even gotten a size 8 US. and would have been fine. I kept the shoes because the way they lace on the foot is very secure and still feels good. I would recommend going a size smaller than normal with this shoe.the shoe is excellent quality and offers ultra light super breathable summer golf shoe. The tread design offers plenty of traction for letting it rip from the tee box too. I have never had issues with traction even in wet conditions in early morning dew.
B00AKDOYYK Almost perfect Size just a little small....Otherwise they are exactly what I wanted. But a size larger would be too large. Encouragmenthe for more workouts
B00AKQH8CC okay It fits a little tighter than I thought it would around the neck that is why I bought a bigger size.  It is a little big but I can live with it.
B00AKSY3RS Nice Material, Color, Quallity  But this fit a little big large for a Medium Size. Nice quality, and material. I order a Midium size but for me looks and fits a little big long. But I can order another one.
B00AOAQAJG Just What I Was Looking For I love these shoes.  Just what I was looking for.  I took another reviewer's advice and ordered a half a size up.  Definitely needed the 8.5 instead of my usual 8.  Will be ordering other colors.
B00AOAQAJG pretty shoes, got compliments I read the reviews and ordered size 10B(M). My feet size is 9 and generally I wear a 9.5. This one fits me like 9.5 in spite of being 10. So it's somewhat smaller but works for me. Very lightweight, pretty,fashionable and comfortable otherwise. I'm happy with my first puma purchase.
B00AOATXAO Love them! After reading other reviews I did order a whole size bigger than I usually wear and they fit perfect! I love these shoes!
B00AOATXAO Cute! I ordered half size up us I was suggested. This was smart, because it fits me well. They cute, comfortable, great colors.
B00AOATXAO Cute & Unique I am so satisfied with these shoes!  They are comfortable, I got my tennis shoe size, not my boot size. People of both genders compliment the shoes.  I wear them with slim (not skinny) jeans and I can dress up or casual.  I am in my 30s and they suit me well without looking too trendy for my taste.  I really appreciate the simplicity and style of these shoes.. I am ordering the pink/gray ones now.
B00AOBC4JA Unique I love the shoes!  However, if I had tried them on first, I would order one 1/2 size up.  K.R.
B00AOBCTIQ Great shoes, need bigger size! Cute and comfortable,however for sure you need to order one half size larger than your size. I wear 8 1/2 and it is too small. I read one review saying the same and I ignored.Now I am sending it back and ordering size 9,
B00AOBEVTQ Love!! I love these shoes! They're super comfy and cute! I get a ton of compliments on them. I bought the green in a size 8, and they fit true to size. Highly recommend!
B00AOCE7IA Comfortable These are really comfortable, but a size 7 would have definitely fit me better than the 7.5 I bought. And 7.5 is the size I usually wear. They look exactly like the photo, as well.
B00AOD2OQ6 Comfy! These shoes are comfy, but taking a star off for running half size small. Had to exchange for a larger size.
B00AOD2OQ6 choose one size bigger I'm usually a size 9 but the puma sizes run smaller than normal.  I returned the size 9 for a size 10.  The size 10 fits perfect.
B00AOD2OQ6 Nice shoes Nice shoes. If your questioning what size to get, I would size up. I would recommend for people with smaller, thinner feet. Probably under 10-10.5 US.
B00AOD2OQ6 Right fit, great look! It fits just like it is suppoust to at a size 10. I wear size 10 on all most all brands I was pleasantly surprised that they did fit. As I dont buy shoes online much because of the will it fit issue. As for the shoe I love it as well very comfortable and stylish. I really enjoy the colors as well.
B00AOD8YMO Several Compliments Size is true to description. My size 10 fits perfect.Have received several compliments due to the vibrant color of the shoes.Glow in the dark feature is also great.
B00AOD8YMO Comfort out of the box I wear a standard size 10 in every brand and these fit true to size for me. Very comfortable on the first wear, not stiff like some shoes can be. Good support. My kids loved the glow in the dark features when I opened the package so that adds to the value at $40.
B00AODVKJI Great Shoe/ get a half size bigger A great comfortable shoe. Bought these for my husband. I went off of other reviews and bought him a half size bigger. He loves them! Normally a size 11.5 I got him a 12. Perfect! Took a chance on this shoe because they had an awesome sale on them. Glad I did. My husband says it gives you a some height and boost great posture.
B00AODVKJI Bought for me husband Bought my husband the size 10 (his normal size) and it was too small. The 10.5 fit better. I like the look of them.
B00AODVKJI nice find 10 and a halves are the only size that were 33 bucks, all other sizes 43. they fit great and are super nice for the price
B00AODW9HA Not too Small People on here were complaining about how these run a size small, not true. I listened to these such reviews and ordered a half size bigger than I usually would and they are about a half size too big but other than that they seem like an awesome shoe.
B00AODW9HA Great buy Ordered these for the boyfriend and he loves them but Puma runs a bit small so recommend ordering 1/2 a size to one size up. Overall he says the style is great
B00AODW9HA Perfect Fit Just as all other reviewers mentioned, with Puma go a size larger than normal. I wear a 10 and purchased size 11. It is a perfect fit. Love them.
B00AODW9HA Buy them. Probably the best, most comfortable shoes i have ever owned. Perfect if you're on your feet/walk a lot. Just make sure you get the right size. They arent like nikes' that seem to vary by a half size.
B00AODW9HA Awesome shoes I really love these shoes. I ordered then a half size bigger like everyone suggested and love the look and feel of these.  I took them out on a walk this weekend and had a great time.
B00AODW9HA Most comfortable sneaker ever Very comfortable.As for size, they must run small, because these are a 1/2 size larger than any other sneaker I own.
B00AODW9HA Awesome Shoe I ordered in my normal running shoe size but it seems the PUMA runs a little smaller. I returned this pair in exchange for 1/2 size larger....and they were perfect! Recommend buying 1/2 size larger to all.
B00AOE059S Great everyday shoes My fault...ordered the UK size. But swapped them out. These are awesome shoes and I would highly recommend. Like butter
B00AOE059S Awesome. Someone recommended me to buy half size larger ... Awesome. Someone recommended me to buy half size larger and was right. Theyll fit you perfectly with the size a little big on order. Really comfortable and flexible.
B00AOE059S Comfortable and lightweight - runs a little small This is a very lightweight shoe. I prefer lace-less shoes and this does fit snugly. That may be its only drawback though at the same time. Based on other reviews, I somewhat apprehensively ordered this 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. I am VERY glad that I did. My regular size would have been far too tight. I would recommend that you definitely order this a little larger by 1/2 size. Good value for a nice shoe.
B00AOE059S Run really small Had to return them.  Ordered my normal size and when I put them on I was positive they sent a smaller size.  Nope.  My foot was trying to burst out.  Returned.
B00AOE059S Amazingly comfortable These running shoes are amazing and the fact that they are reasonably priced is a plus.  I do recommend them to anyone, although I would advise you to order a half size or full size bigger than what you normally wear for these or any running shoes.
B00AOE059S Sizing I read all the other ratings that said the shoes ran small, so I ordered one size bigger for my son and that was perfect. He wears 7.5 and I ordered 8.5 and it fit just right.
B00AOE059S Nice I read the reviews and ordered a half size larger and they fit perfect. Great shoes, feels like walking on feathers.
B00AOMTYRO Attractive. This shoe fits perfect... After I ordered a full size larger than normal. I wear them everywhere except the yard.
B00AOMUBGC Size is not ok Looks really nice and i think quality vise it is good but I've ordered exactly the size i need - 9.5 and what I received is 9.5 as well but it's too small for me. What i understood is that different brands have different sizes and it's always like a lottery
B00AOMV7YW Cool Shoes but order a half size bigger Love Puma shoes ,Very stylish always get asked where did you get those shoes. I reply got them at Zappos
B00AOMV7YW Nice! Ordered this shoes for my bf and he loves it. Perfect size too.But it was 1-2 days late that's why I rated 4 stars.-Rocio S.
B00AOMVZ3K Great shoes - order half a size larger What a fantastic, trendy pair of shoes! Although it's somewhat expensive, we were happy that this seller was willing to ship to Australia at a reasonable cost. Past reviewers commented that it's a bit small, so instead of my usual Euro 41, I ordered a size 42. The reviewers were right: 42 was as snug a fit for me as a 41 is with other brands, so be sure to order a slightly bigger size than you normally wear.
B00AOMWLPG Size I like the shoes but size is a bit small I amNot satisfied with this size but I have it
B00AOMWLPG get .5 size bigger I got what I wear normally from Puma 10.5 , it is a little bit tight on the sides, but I like the quality and it can be formal or just wear it with jeans!
B00AOMWLPG One size larger worked great Great product- wrong size- at 12 d- I have a 13 d size now- very pleased with these beautiful shoes.
B00AOMYC2Q Pumas Rock!! Whenever I buy Puma shoes I buy one half size larger if they have a velcro type closure and one full size larger if they are shoelace type lace ups. I wear size ten shoes so I go ten and a half on velcro and size eleven on lace ups. I have nine pairs of Pumas and this system works for me.
B00AOMYC2Q awesome shoes!!!! narrow, but awesome!!! The shoes I ordered were a size 13, when I normally wear 12's.From reading others comments, I learned to order 1 size larger thanWhat u need!  They fit snuggly, but they r really a beautiful shoe!  ThinkingOf getting the blue ones as well( just purchased the red).
B00AOMYC2Q Wow ... way too small I know that Puma shoes usually run a little small, so I actually ordered these a whole size larger.My foot is an honest size 9 with American made shoes (if there still is such a thing). Since many of the shoes in stores are now made in China, I sometimes have to buy a 9-1/2. So, I ordered these in a size 10. They are way too small - very narrow and barely long enough. It says Men Size 10 on the outside of the box, but I would guess that a petite woman would feel more comfortable in these. I'm real disappointed, because they are a beautiful shoe.
B00AOMYC2Q Beautiful shoes once I got the correct size These form-fitting driving shoes are beautifully styled and handsome indeed, but per other reviews, they are cut small and you really do need to buy one full size larger from what you&#8217;d normally wear. I wear a size 10 US and ordered a half-size up, but they were still too small in a 10.5 size &#8212; although so good looking that for a moment I toyed with the idea of keeping them and hoping they might stretch out! But Amazon&#8217;s return procedure was almost as easy to use as Zappos&#8217;, and the size 11 that I got in exchange are fine. A nice touch is the tread pattern, which replicates (well, resembles) a DOT competition tire tread.
B00AOMYC2Q Amazing I love these shoes they fit perfectly but you always have to get half a size bigger. Its full leather also so its really cool when you drive and they are so comfortable that you might think you are not even wearing them. If you want to buy it go for it they are really cool!!
B00AOMYC2Q Very comfortable sneaker If you had the task of looking for red sneakers online or in stores it's like trying to find a needle in a haystack !  If you have large feet as I do, the task is more complicated!!!  I really appreciate the customer reviews that stated these Puma sneakers run SMALL! I agree, I ordered a half size larger than my normal size and the Puma's fit me perfect! I normally wear Nike, this is my 1st Puma, and I like the feel! I use for exercise and long distance walking! Best of all the color is true red!!! Love them
B00AOMYC2Q Sized WRONG I wear a 10.5-11 in shoes.  I own 36 pair of shoes and each one is a 10.5 or an 11.  I ordered an 11 in these just to be safe.  I couldn't even get my foot inside.  I think I'd have to buy a size 12 which makes NO sense.  I didn't rate the show low because Puma makes amazing shoes, I just don't understand the sizing issue.  I returned them and hesitate to buy another pair in size 12 because I just don't trust the sizing of this shoe.  Strange though because I own four other pair of Pumas that all fit like they're supposed to.
B00AOMYC2Q no complains when ordering pumas you always need to order a half size bigger and thats what i did and the shoe fits perfect! very light and comfy.
B00AOMZH1Q Design is nice but fitting is indeed tight I wear size 10. Reading other reviewers input that it runs small / tight so I ordered size 10.5.  It is still tight for me so I will return to Amazon and try either size 11 or 11.5 and will report back.
B00AOMZH1Q WOW These shoes run small. Every shoe I own is a size 10.I had to return the first order, size 10.Size 11 is now an ok fit.I should have read the reviews.
B00AONURJ2 Great shoes! I couldn't be happier with these Pumas.  They look just as they do in the picture.  They fit true to size and were shipped quickly.
B00AONURJ2 Not fit Am really abseed since the size not like expected, also they kept this product in kid section which lead confusing.
B00AONV78W It's good They are nice I only use them for Sim Racing but I could see the size being a problem for everyday use.
B00AONVA52 Not happy really I am not happy...I used to get 44cm/10.5.. from puma with write size..but this time from Amazon it's not.the shoe is tooooooo small...why I don't know??!!!maybe there is something wrong with production...bad metrial...anyway..I will through it away..Thanks Amazon.
B00AONVA52 Too small I gave this 5 stars because of the easy return policy. I ordered my size but they were too small. I would say add a half size to your regular shoe size if you order these.
B00AONVA52 Go at least 1 size bigger! my size is 11.5... read the reviews n bought 12... even 12 is extremely tight... returned
B00AONVA52 Too narrow, too tight Get at least half a size larger to be safe. I really love the design, but the size fitting was quite off.
B00AONVA52 Great walking sneaker Fit right order 1/2 size bigger. Could have ordered my size. Slips on easily. Would recommend this shoe to anyone.
B00AONVA52 excelente beauty and confortable! i love it! its the same size... excelente beauty and confortable! i love it! its the same size... thanks for the time is perfect and is very comfortable
B00AONVB5G Some how small I usually wear 10 size shoes but the 10 size of this shoes was something tight. but not as much tight that you can wear it. I recommend 10.5 for 10 sized shoes for this piece.
B00AONVVMO Nice style, but smaller than normal I ordered these shoes because I loved the look and style.  One thing I think others should know is they run a bit smaller than normal. I wear a size 9 in other shoe brands so that's what I ordered. Once I tried them on I realized I should have ordered a size 9 1/2.  Other than that I love the shoes and the shipping was what I expected.
B00AONW9JS puma review i ordered the size 14 puma shoes. The shoe Is somewhat small. I believe this is a smaller size, but extremely narrow.
B00AONW9JS Puma Rocks Have been a great fan of puma shoes. However their size can can a little tricky. I normally wear 9 or 9.5 in dress shoes. In Puma one has to go half or sometimes a full size bigger.  Having said that I do have Puma which are 9.5 and fit perfect. This Puma Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker are great shoes. Buy half size bigger. Fits perfect, feels comfortable and looks great.
B00AONW9JS Quality shoes Pumas are known for their quality and style and I can't complain.After reading the reviews and knowing that Pumas tend to run smaller, I ordered a half size (0.5) larger and they fit perfect.Example: I am a 10 and I ordered a 10.5No complaints after walking around in them all day my feet don't ache and they look good.They are whiter than my socks !
B00AONW9JS really good looking im size 12 and those make my feet look smaller they are beautiful. they are kind of stretch if you have big foot buy a W size
B00AONW9JS Too Small I order shoes in size 8 and all of them fit well to my feet but these shoes are too small for my feet. Please order at least half size more than your actual size.
B00AONW9JS The sizing is misleading The size 10 just didnt fit like the other size 10s I have earlier purchased of other shoes. I regret buying them.
B00AONW9JS Fit like gloves, but tight gloves! Great style. Good construction. As others have posted (warned) you might want to get them larger than your normal shoe size. I wear an 11 1/2 in dress shoes and athletic shoes. I bought these in a 12 and my feet are very snug in them. I hope they will stretch a little. I need a 12 1/2 but that's not offered. I'd suggest you go 1/2 to 1 size larger than your normal shoe size.
B00AONW9JS Disappointed with the size I'm very disappointed with the  size.  I wear size 12 which I order and when the shoes arrived they were too small. I'll definitely recommend that when ordering to order one size above your normal shoe size.
B00AONW9JS always get a half size bigger in pumas Pumas always fit a little tighter so get a half size bigger. Great price only paid about $35 can't beat that. Very comfortable as always!
B00AONW9JS Really Nice Looking Shoe I've been buying Puma's of a similar style to this for years, and I've always really liked them when the fit was right, however, Puma has little regard to keeping the same size (number) the same physical size. I have three pairs of the exact same shoe (Speed Cats) in two different sizes(12 and 13) because of differences in size within the same model. I don't know why it is so difficult to manufacture shoes to the same physical size, but apparently it is.Anyway, I returned them for the next size up, but there is no exchange option (slightly annoying since all I want is a different size). I would hope that the same price will be honored, but since this is no longer my first purchase of shoes and accessories I fear I won't get the same 20% discount which is very poor for customer relations. I hope Amazon cares for their customers.All said, I think that the shoe looks very good, and I would highly recommend them as long as you try them on before you purchase them.
B00AONW9JS Great shoes, size issues These shoes are sleek and light. Great for everyday wear but with the comfort of an athletic shoe. Sizing seems to be a minor issue. I wear a woman size 7.5-8 and the size chart suggests a men size 7. However, that is a snug fit so I ended up getting a men size 8 that fit better.
B00AONW9JS Return Is there any possible way that I can exchange these shoes for size 9. I have wear them shoes once only
B00AONW9JS Smaller -- Really much smaller than you expect Guys, please note this and this is really important. These are the smallest shoes you can imagine for a given size. MY shoe size has always been 10.5. So, I ordered a 10.5. It turned out to be very tight. So, I figured a 11.0 would be just fine. I placed a replacement order. Well, 11 is tight -- not very tight but tight. So, I should have ordered a 11.5 it appears.Here is the bottom line.Order a full size larger than what is your usual.
B00AONW9JS good buy Firstly you need to know your shoe size when buying I wear size 9 fits perfect. great buy good package
B00AONW9JS Fits just right. This is my 3rd shoe purchase off Amazon. The first pair fit, but left a bit of room to be desired. The second pair did not fit at all, even though it was the same size as the first pair. I learned about motorsport style shoes and bought a size up with the Drift Cat 5's and these fit perfectly. I have big size 13-14 feet, so I was worried about losing that fitted, contoured feel if I went up a size. I was worried for nothing, these fit and feel lovely, and driving in them is as awesome as ever.
B00AONW9JS All these other reviews don't know what they're talking about I have purchased and worn Pumas before, I like them. They're durable, well made, and comfortable. So when I saw on here people were saying these run small, I was like well that's not normal, but if all these people are saying it, I guess I'll go a half size up. Well they were wrong, these fit like any other Puma shoe, which is to say true to size, only now I have shoes that are a half-size too big which isn't a huge deal, just saying.
B00AONW9JS FEEDBACK EVERYTHING WAS FINE EXCEPT THE SIZE.I DIDN'T REALIZE PUMA SIZING WAS ABOUT A SIZE SMALLER THAN OTHER BRANDS.I SHOULD OF ORDERED A SIZE 12.
B00AONWIC6 Wrong size It is not the size listed on the boot or your 42 doesn't fit me. Shoes are too tight and thus painful. I need proper size ones. I am not happy. I buy always 42 and everyone elses fit
B00AONWIC6 i dont see why the bad reviews! It looks way better than on the screen. Theres quite a few review saying that this shoe is not the same as before or wtv.let me tell you that when i fot them i was impressed. Quality is there. The only down side is the size at least go a size bigger than your usual. Just go for it and dont think about it twice.
B00AONWIC6 PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Suede Sneaker Excellent sneakers and very sleek. Casual wear only. Not for jogging.Size is very deceptive.I wear standard US 9-1/2. I had to order 11 from Puma for proper fit.
B00AONWIC6 As always Puma's Are Great Great suede sneaker. Puma makes great shoes. Sizing is inconsistent. Buy half or a size bigger than what you normally wear.Other than that these are comfortable shoes.
B00AONWP6U Puma is a half size smaller than other brands, ... Puma is a half size smaller than other brands, but knowing that I order 11,5 and fit perfectly for me. Are fresh and light, and look wonderfull.A lot of people tell me, &#34;it are beautifull&#34;.
B00AONWP6U Incorrectly sized I have a 9 1/2 aa/aaaa foot size and based on other reviews here ordered the size 10.  It turned out to be too small in length.  The shoe was nice looking and extremely light weight, but unfortunately sized wrong.  Returning was a challenge but eventually worked out OK thanks to Amazon's Customer Service.
B00AONWP6U Puma Review Excellent walking sneaker. I ordered a half size larger as recommended. The sneaker was tight putting on but it did adjust. They are light and supportive to perfection. I cannot wear other supportive sneakers but this one was excellent. I highly recommend it but if you want you shoe to fit snug then order 1/2 size larger. if you want it a tad loose, the order it a whole size larger. I love it. I have always used Pumas for cycling shoes and now I have found new Pumas as excellent, light, well made walking sneakers.
B00AONWP6U Great shoes! Great shoes! But size is not true! Very light weight! Buy more! On the legs do not feel..It is a pity that the small size!
B00AONX3AW Small/narrow fit I got these as a gift for my boyfriend who wears nothing but Puma shoes.  He always fits in the same size, no matter...except for these bad boys...they are at least a half-size too small and he asked, &#34;are these for kick boxing or ballet?&#34;, jokingly.  They are very low profile, so if that is what you are looking for, get a half-size larger than what you are used to.  Three stars, as they are actually pretty cool looking, prompt shipping & free returns, per usual, with Amazon!
B00AOOH730 comfy and cute Gorgeous pair of sneakers. I'm a female and I love the classic look and color. Comfortable, fits really well and lightweight. I bought a size 8 (6.5 D) in Dark Shadow/Black because Turbulence was not available at that size. I usually wear size 7.5 but I sized up half a size so that I can wear socks with them. I have feet that are bordering on wide (but not quite) and the width of these are all right for me.
B00AOOK2OG Good price but the size posted on the sneaker incorrect For the price is good but the size hundred percent som thing is wrong but any way is very good quality  for the price
B00AOOK2OG Very nice but very small too These shoes are very pretty and they feel great when walking, the only problem I found is the size, i usually use size 9 but when I shop online whenever I climb average number and buy 9 1/2, as i did in this case, But this 9 1/2 feels like an 8 1/2, is also for thin feet, if you will shop them make sure to have thin foot and order at least a greater number than your actual size ....
B00AOOK2OG Watch your sizing! Returned first pair because they were way too tight. Went a half size bigger thinking it would do it but still too tight. I recommend going a size bigger.
B00AOOK2OG Be sure and order a full size larger I bought these and ordered a size 10 when I wear a 9.5, as was recommended in the comments.  They were still a half size too small.  Fortunately, my son wears a 9 and these fit him fine so we kept them send I ordered another pair size 10.5 in black.  These fit fine.  The shoes are excellent and arrived quickly and with a nice shoe bag.  Buy them but a full size larger.
B00AOOK2OG Great sneakers, Comfortable, Perfect Fit. I was spectacle in purchasing them because of the size issue, but after reading some of the reviews that they were worth buying because their comfortable. I had to purchase them since I'm a fan of pumas. Almost in all puma sneakers/shoes I always go for a size 11. I decided to purchase these a half size bigger 11.5 instead of a full size like a lot of people mentioned and these fit perfectly on my feet. They feel and are very comfortable. I recommend these sneakers and I suggest doing what I did order a half size bigger than your normal size.
B00AOQ3EO4 When I say that this shoe fits as expected..... I meant that according to the size chart we expected PUMA to run a little small, so we ordered a size up like we do with Nike cleats. They fit her perfectly ordering up. My daughter absolutely LOVES these cleats...and so do all her friends!
B00AOQ3EO4 Nice cleats My daughter says these are very comfortable.  She wears a size 7, and we ordered a 7 1/2 and they fit perfect.  They are extremely light.  I will update after the season with durability.
B00AOQ75LM Upsizing Required I purchased this shoe to play racquetball. I am a size 12 and the reviews stated that the shoe was somewhat smaller than expected. I, being me, decided that they must ALL be wrong...Wrong!...Please take heed to the warnings about this shoe presenting smaller than the advertised size. I returned my size 12's and purchased the next full size up. I must say that the size 13 fits me like a glove. The shoe is very light, somewhat narrow, but very comfortable. They feel as though I am not wearing shoes at all...In all, this shoe is an EXCELLENT purchase with bold styling and the grip I need on the court. IF ORDERING THIS SHOE, GET THE NEXT LARGEST SIZE UP FROM YOUR NORMAL SIZE...:-)
B00AORB3DW Rediculously Small They looked cool--just like the pics, but were waaaay to small, therefore unusable. If it weren't for that, they would have gotten 5 stars, but they may as well have been doll shoes. These CAN'T be men's sizes! I thought at first they might be for children. I bought two other pair of Pumas in the same size (8.5) and they fit perfectly. Puma sizes are always unpredictable, and I can't figure that out. I have about 10 pair in several different sizes ranging from 8.5-11 that all fit me perfectly. At one point I thought my foot had grown a size because I kept having to buy 11-11.5, but then I bought some other shoes and the size was what it always had been--I'm a 10. It's a Puma thing, but I'll keep buying! When they fit, they sure are cool! Suggestion: go up at least a size and a half--maybe two to get your real size. If you get the right fit, these would be awesome--great price for super cool shoes.
B00AORB3DW Ordered the right cleat the first time. Used the sizing of these cleats as ones that would be fitting small. I have toms that are size 8s and these cleats were perfect size 9s. God bless.
B00AORB3DW Three Stars Nice shoes, but too small sizes... I should have been ordered a bigger size.
B00AORB3DW Soccer cleats When you buy soccer cleats always buy one size bigger than your actual size, worst case scenario you wear two socks
B00AORB3DW Good value quality cleats for the price (35 with two day shipping).  Size 10 fit perfect (normally wear a 10.5 depending on brand)
B00AORB3DW Four Stars Great product but ordered a larger size
B00AORBTZY Size completely wrong!!! The sizeing is completely wrong, I use exclusively size 11.5 US for all mi shoes and boots, INCLUDING OTHER ADIDAS SOCCER SHOES and the fit is alwas ok. These are NOWHERE NEAR the size specified, im extremely annoyed, they are probably a 10. My guess is that they ran out of stock and knowingly sent a wrong pair anyway because im an amazon prime member and therefore should have 2 day shipping. Very very bad.
B00AORBTZY Does not fit sizes i was looking at. The charts i was looking at said 9.5D is 43 in european size. When i got the shoes they are a 42.5 . So unusable.
B00AORBTZY Stylish These look great. They do come kind of small so order half a size up. If you have a wide foot you might want to order a whole size higher. That's the only thing you have to worry about when ordering these. You'll get alot of compliments if you wear them.
B00AORBTZY Size might be incorrect I ordered these shoes in the size I normally wear for anything else. I've found they are pretty snug fitting. I've been using them on a daily occurrence for the past week. They seemed to loosen up a little but not to my liking.
B00AORBTZY Nice shoes The previous reviews are correct.  Get a bigger size.  I usually wear size 9, but I have a wide feet.  I ordered size 9.5 and it was somewhat small.  I finally ordered size 10 and it fit better.Nice shoes overall
B00AOREMJ4 shoes size I use to wear soccer shoes size 10.5 (43.5) but this kind of shoes come somewhat tight & small. Thanks
B00AOREPGY Great shoe Ordered 1/2 size larger than I usually wear.  Fits nearly perfect.  Would likely be too tight if I went with my normal size.  No blisters and great grip on firm turf.
B00AQODE9E Five Stars I'm men's size 10 - perfect fit for me - great feel
B00AQODE9E not what i's expected These socks seem a bit too snug for the size range indicated. My shoe size is 12 EE and maybe the width is the problem.
B00AQODE9E They fit great. I wear a size 10 1/2 US and ... They fit great. I wear a size 10 1/2 US and they are great. There is a mesh top to allow them to breathe. I found my new socks.
B00AV6POKY I recommend this product I ordered a size to 24 months, and the size fits. The set is made &#8203;&#8203;of high quality material, has a nice, brilliant color.I am satisfied and recommend the product to anyone.
B00AWY5TQ4 Great pants but runs big Nice thick sweatpants. Arrived fast. Size XL seems big compared to other XL pants. Ither than the size, 5 stars.
B00AWYTYKG You will love this Graphic Tee This Graphic Tee was originally purchased in Epcot Center in the Italy area, Disney World, Florida where I loved the Ferrari logo and the feel of the material.  I gave it as a Christmas gift to my husband and was sorely disappointed because the size I purchased was too small.  I immediately went on line to see if it were possible to find a place to purchase another so I could get a larger size.  I should have known that AMAZON would have it.  Thank you AMAZON.  YOU MADE MY DAY !!  The next size fit perfectly. It is exactly the same shirt and the feel of the material is so nice, not to mention the BEST PART, it was a few dollars less expensive.  I love Amazon and Amazon will always be my 1st place to seach for an item or check for an item that I know I want to purchase
B00AWZMVNM Get one size bigger They look great . But always order one size biger .. If you large with nike/Adidas .. You will need XL with puma .. Hope they want shrink to much :(( keep a way from the dryer .. !!
B00AWZNIT8 GOOD SIZE I live in Latin America and the article QUEDO SIZE ME WELL WHITE MATERIAL THAT DOES NOT LIKE ME IS VERY THIN
B00AWZO53G PUMA needs to stop messing it up, Amazon's good. Nothing wrong but the size was bigger for a large size, it's PUMA's fault. I mean manufacturer's fault. That's all
B00AWZW11Y Good quality and fit No size guide from Amazon (no surprise, their biggest weakness). I am usually size S (American), but based on Puma size chart, and after checking with other sellers (not from amazon) where I was advised to size up as cut is smaller. So I bought M crossing my fingers. Luckily it fitted just nice, with enough space underneath to throw on a sweater. Feels warm. Nice white, what I wanted. Best of all was the price I got the jacket for at amazon. 4 star due to the stress I have to take in guessing my fit! It would have been a real hassle fo me to have to return the jacket as I live outside U.S.
B00AY6107M Nice buy Love this shoes right size, it so comfy ang very stylish. This shoes are great, i will recommend this to my friends
B00AY65V1I Good The appearence was like the add, but when it arrived, its size was a little smaller than the real size in stores..
B00AY65V1I Great pair, bad size chart I have one pair of other PUMA tennis, with the same size, and they fit great, but this..... hmmmmm no.. Too small
B00AY65V1I Size Alert The shoes are fine since I read other customer's replies who commented that they run one full size larger than you wear. I wear a 10.5 and ordered an 11.5 which fit well. Make sure you order large or you will be returning them.
B00AY65V1I Nice shoes the quality of the shoes is nice and it is comfortable. however, the size of the shoe is small so e.g. if your feet are between 10.5-11.5 it is much better to order 11.5 otherwise it won't fit.
B00AYBQL4Y Cute but tight I really like it but I would order the next bigger size the next time I order from Puma. I ordered 2Y for my 15-month old girl and it fits her perfectly.
B00AYBQL4Y PUMA It's very nice set. I got it for a gift for 2 years old. I got size 3T and it fits very nice. I would recommend it to anyone
B00AYBQOGO i love it My daughter is 4. I got size 6x for her. it is almost the right size, probably size 6 would fit right. Otherwise that Puma set is very good quality, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone
B00B1E4QSQ Buy atleast a size up Usually I wear a size 8.5 so 9 is a perfect fit with space for sneakers... This size 9 is pretty close but it'll work.
B00B1E4QSQ Very comfortable Size did run a bit small as other reviewers had said, I typically wear a size 10 in women's, so I ordered an 11 and it fit great, a little extra space for running and movement. They came quickly, look just as pictured and are very comfortable. I have had lots of comments from people liking them and I have only had them a week. Very happy overall with this purchase.
B00B1E4QSQ shoe size I like the style and the color of the shoe but the size differs smaller than other athletic shoes that I own so I would go 1/2 size larger then normally wear!
B00B1E4QSQ Great Fit The shoes are extremely comfortable, light and my feet stay dry.  I normally wear a size 7.5 but had to purchase a size 8 in all Puma shoes.
B00B1E4QSQ Niceee I love this shoes, I buy half size more than my. But its perfect I use it for workout elliptical.  And isn't havy. I could recommind it a friend...
B00B1E4QSQ Fits a bit small Great looking shoes. I bought these for gym/work shoes. The color is more vibrant than in the picture. I own several pair of puma shoes (size 7 womens) and after reading the reviews I decided to get a size 7.5 Glad I did, they definitely fit small. I would probably be more comfortable if I moved up to a size 8 in these shoes, but since I am not going to use them for running I will keep the 7.5
B00B1E4QSQ Cute but Too Small! These shoes are very nice looking, but they were too small. I always wear a size 9 but these shoes are not true to size. I liked the looks of them enough to try to get them in a size bigger, but am not sure how much bigger to go.
B00B1E4QSQ Love them - use them for boxing and weightlifting Love the way they fit and Look! Took others suggestions and ordered a 1/2 size bigger than usual...and they were perfect!
B00B1E4QSQ very nice! I purchased these shoes a half size bigger than my normal size after reading other reviews. I'm glad I did; perfect fit. They are a very light shoes and they allow my feet to breathe (mesh fabric). Very glad I purchased them. Love the colors as well :)
B00B1E4QSQ Sized a half size smalll Love the shoes...but the I am a solid size 9 (sometimes an 8.5) and these are actually about a 8-8.5
B00B1E4QSQ love it i really love this puma but i would normally wear a size9 u,s and so i ordered a size 9 not knowing the uk fit is different so i have to reorder one how because i really love the shoe
B00B1E4QSQ Great, comfortable sneakers. I ordered a half size smaller because most of the reviews said that getting true to size was too big. At first it was a bit snug, but after breaking them in they fit perfectly with thin workout socks. These are my new favorite pair of sneakers to workout in!
B00B1E4QSQ Go up a size when buying these sneakers I always wear a size 8.5 in sneakers and they were too small so I exchanged for a size 9 which I love.
B00B1E4QSQ PUMA shoe too smal I liked these shoes but they are not sized properly.  I typically wear an 8 but always get an 8.5 for my workout shoes.  The 8.5 I ordered felt like a 7.5 or 8 size.  Not sure why such a big discrepancy in ordering a PUMA shoe.  This was my first time.  Usually buy ASICS or RYKA shoes.  Then when I went to re-order them in a larger size the price was much higher so now I will not buy them.
B00B1E4QSQ Love Them! I ordered the size I usually wear with socks, as the other reviews said they ran 1/2 size small and I wanted to wear them in the summer without socks. They fit perfect, comfortable and soft and light weight. The colors are so pretty with the pink and charcoal.I hope they hold up well as I have been told I need to walk 30 minutes a day for my heart. So If not outside I will be on the treadmill daily.
B00B1E5NU6 well worth the wait for the right size! I was happy to finally see these sneakers in my shoe size. I recieved this product three days after I ordered it, the packaging was excellent. The products appearance, size and colors are true to the item displayed. The quality seems very good although I have not worn them outside yet. I am very pleased so far.
B00B1E5NU6 I LOVE PUMA LC SPECIAL Have in blk, blk/palace blue & grey/red/blk. Love them. Wish I could get all colors except tomato but no1 has size 8 mens.. & I mean NO-ONE!! I'm usually size 8.5 but in puma I'm an 8. Sizes r so wacky w/ different brands. I'll list off sizes in case it helps some1 get an idea of their own size. I wear 8.5 in Etnies, DC, Supra, Vans, Vision, Zoo York, World Industries, Reebok, Nike, Cadillac, Nautica, Guess. 8 in Puma & Osiris. 9 in Radii. 7 in Timberland. Crazy how sizes vary, I know..If u r lucky enuf to wear a size that these gems r still available in (generally large sizes or kids), count your blessings. Not only can u probably find them on clearance somewhere, but u can own a pr. So comfy. Great looking shoe. Nice & flexible so no pressure on ankles or legs where other shoes this high would b uncomfortable. I call them my high top slippers. They're wonderful. I have narrow feet & these really work nicely for me. I don't have to strangle my feet by tying laces so tight in order for them to stay on & feel secure. They make my feet look smaller than my other shoes do. Bonus!I wear them ALL THE TIME & I have many other sneakers to choose from. I wish i had an endless supply.
B00B4S2QUE Great shoes. They are great. Very light and well made.Great for 12h shift. True to size. If you want more room order half size up. That what I did. My size is 8.5 and I got 9 in dark blue. I can't be more happy with this purchase.
B00B4YAC54 Fits like a glass slipper. I ordered size 13 to match my daughter's shoes size.  The fit was perfect. Color was abit green than yellow. My daughter was very pleased with her cleats.
B00B4YAC54 Great all round cleat Liked the style, price, and quality.  Unfortunately size a bit too small (foot size not a problem with the shoe size) and needed for a game too soon to exchange.
B00B4ZZWJE Way too small The product wasn't even close to fitting.  Order at least a size bigger.  One size bigger however will cost $20 more.  From $27 to $47.  Ouch!  (11K to 12K)
B00B502N5Y Good but a bit tight for size These are a bit narrow but my daughter likes them.  Like other reviews, I suggest ordering 1/2 size larger than normal shoe size(comparing to New Balance usually worn).
B00B502OSA Need to go one size larger on these... They appear to be good quality but the size runs smaller than normal.  We are returning and going up one full size...
B00B503JTS Lightweight and Worth the Price I give them only a four because they run small. I ordered a size larger then my daughter normally takes, thinking that these would get me through the rest of the current soccer season and the next one. Don't think they will manage that long as they just fit her, if she didn't need them so badly at the time I would have exchanged for a larger size. Product is well made and they are very snazzy on the soccer field!
B00B503JTS Nice Cleats My daughter is a very solid U10 player.  She loves these cleats, they are light fast and cool.  Based on other reviews I ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.  She has an Adidas cleat in size 3.5 that fits exactly like this one in a size 4.  Look closely at the picture these are not leather cleats, but rather a woven looking polyurethane.  Hopefully they breath better than a lot of the other cleats  They play well and have a unique look.
B00B503JTS Too small but also perfect I didn't take the advice of others and ordered my daughter's true size. Should have ordered a size bigger. However I had also bought a pair of thin soccer socks with the built in shin guard. So with the thin socks the shoes fit exactly right. That would be great if she were no longer growing.But other than the size everything else is great! My daughter has wide, flat feet. And these shoes are perfect for her.
B00B503JTS Very Nice Cleats! My daughter loves her new cleats!! She is very Picky about how shoes feel on her feet, I ordered a half size bigger than she normally wears & I have heard no complaints from her ;)
B00B504NFC Wrong Size I bought shoes size 6 Big Kid, and sent 6 of women size. I am upset by the mistake.I need to do change the size requested in the purchase.
B00B532Q26 pumas these shoes are awesome, they fit my daughter perfectly! i read some other reviews and bought a half size larger and they fit perfectly!!
B00B5EDEZI I love my purple shoes I am so happy I bought these in a size 10. Most shoes I am a size 9 1/2 but these I wouldn't have been able to put them on. I love the shoes they look great and are very cute.
B00B5EDEZI Great Sneakers I just received them a few days ago and they fit like a glove. Very comfortable and true to my 7B size. Happy!
B00B5GGC28 Cute but not worth it Runs narrow and half size smaller than expected. I had to reorder a half size up. Amazon did not give a full refund. Be careful when ordering. Within the first week, the foundation of the shoe was deffective...not worth it but cute
B00B5HUIO0 For my 2 year old These shoes are very cute! Good size, similar to other size 6 that I've bought. Would recommend.  Teal color was as expected.
B00B5HUIO0 Order at least one size bigger than normal At least one size too small. My son wears 2 in vans needed 3.5 in pumas.  Great sneakers for the price.
B00B5HUIO0 The pair we got was sized incorrectly We ordered a size 9 and it was as big as our elder son's size 12.... Fortunately we have many little feet to wear the shoes.
B00B5HUIO0 Cute but a tad small. These 6's fit like some of our daughters size 5's. You might order up one size. Otherwise, they're adorable. Thanks.
B00B5HUIO0 Sending them back for the second time I love the style of the shoes.  I originally ordered a size 11 1/2, which is what my granddaughter is currently wearing.  I used the innersole guide for sizing and decided that it was almost too small.  So I returned and reordered a size 12.  Received the bigger size, and much to my dismay, they seemed to fit exactly the same as the original size.  So I am trying a final time and reordering the next size larger.  If the 12 1/2 fits, I will be very happy.  If not, the shoes will be returned, and I won't be ordering shoes online again.
B00B5HUIO0 Very cute! Bought these for my son to wear in spring and they arrived and are even cuter in person! I did buy a size up from his current size and they seem like they will fit great with room to grow (these do seem to run a half size or full size small). Cute shoes!!
B00B5HUIO0 Not ok The size was not like I expected. There was something wrong. My kid is 9 years old, the size look like one years old kid
B00B5KZACC Great Shoes Love the show good price, just to small needed a bigger size.  I wish they had them in a larger size.
B00B5KZACC Cute! I bought these shoes for my 6 year old and she loves them!  She told me right away that they feel like slippers.  They fit true to size.We did have the wrong size sent initially, but Amazon was great at switching them out for the correct size in a a very timely manner.
B00B5KZACC love them but run a lil small I bought these for my daughter who jus stated to wear a size 8 I wanted these to be for her for next fall I had gotten a size 9 fubu shoes that r big on her that r going to b for next fall to but these do run small because her toes r almost to the top I do luv them tho there easy to get on and off they are cute and if u lift the shoe tougne up u can c how much longer they will fit as for there is a shoe measuring thing on pad in inside i did buy a pair for my youngest to cuz i loved them she wont fit hers till next fall i actually bought them for my girls to match i would buy them again tho  but jus in a bigger size
B00B5VYKAE deception is msmall thah the regular size, is a second time that same thing. if you do not have the correct size you must explain.
B00B5W0FHK Nice and comfortable Bought these for my 4- year old daughter who usually wears size 9. Somehow pumas run a bit smaller than advertised; you'll have to order up one size.
B00B5W0UUW Cute cute It fits my 14 month old perfectly, she's in a size 5, so I got a size 5, nice fit. Good quality but one thing I would change: I wish the straps of Velcro looped through the shoe for more support.
B00B5WILDU Watch out for size when you order. It is very light and nice shoes.  We like the design.  Only thing is the shoe sizes are set for smaller than other major shoe brands'.  My 10 years old boy wears size 2 Reebok and k swiss perfectly fit, but Puma's size 2 was so narrow and too small.  I had to exchanged it to 2.5 and it fit perfect.  When I buy Puma, I think I have to buy +0.5 size.
B00B6QO3O6 READ THIS BEFORE BUYING TOO TIGHT NOT TRUE TO SIZE!!!!! My boyfriend wears a size mens 13 and these fit me at a womens size 8
B00B6RN4UE Not true to size. I purchased these for my husband since he has a size 14 shoe. They didn't fit him and after 1 wash, they shrank. Now I wear them and I have a size 9 women's shoe.
B00B7LUG00 Wish I go the size right the first time Got these bad boys in the other day and was totally stoked, tried them on BAAM too small. My normal size is a 10.5 I reordered same type 11. This is not a big deal since Nikes tend to run a 1/2 size small on me.
B00B7LUG00 Note: Order half size up My husband has beautiful feet. He wears 10 1/2 with no problems usually. He does not have a high instep nor does he need wide width. The fit on these Pumas is a close call. You may want to order a half size up to have a little more room for your toes. I gave it three stars for the sizing. All other aspects were above expectations with this shoe and the delivery and packaging. But sizing was almost a disaster and no one wants to make a mistake in that department because the whole idea of ordering from Amazon is to not have to exchange items. He is wearing them still and is doing well without exchanging them. But if his toes were any longer, no way Pumas would fit.
B00B7LV8V6 Love these shoes! This is the second pair I have bought of these shoes and love them to death, wear them all over, are very comfortable for being so flat, feels like your walking without shoes...I would say they run a bit small and to get a half size up, I did and the fit is perfect. My other pair is in my size and are snug at the toe. Will buy more of these in other colors.
B00B7LV8V6 I love these little shoes! I bought the black version of these shoes and I just love them. I'll probably be buying the other colors as well. They have more padding than I was expecting, but don't expect them to be overwhelmingly supportive or anything. They are thin soled and can be completely bent in half. You MAY want to buy a half size up as another reviewer suggested. I bought my true size and they felt a bit tight around my toes at first but after wearing them a few days they really loosened up and are very comfortable now. Ordering up half a size may be wise but if you wear them enough they will stretch and form to your foot. These are really cute shoes, very simple and easy to dress up or down. I highly recommend them!!
B00B7LV8V6 A little small, but good shoes. These look good and are comfortable, but order a half size up. The first pair we ordered in my wife's normal sized squished her toes and we had to go a half size up.
B00B7LY4HQ Great shoes! These shoes are comfy and stylish. They go with anything and I've received many compliments. They were true to size.
B00B9ZDQA6 Loved the shoe but WAY too small for the size I really like the style and feel of the shoe but I was pretty shocked at how small it was for the size.  I don't own any shoes above size 11 but I think I would need to order at least a size 12 in this shoe.  I returned it and will find something else since they are now out of stock.
B00BAYYE2K They are great Love them... Just about 1/2 a size too big. They are very comfortable though. Super vibrant too which I was hoping for!!
B00BAZGA8A 5 out 5 Shoes matched the picture shown. Very bright but size does match up to a perfect fit. Would buy them again.
B00BAZGA8A Nice pink shoe I bought these for my 5 year old daughter. She is size 11 and I bought size 11,5 I hope these going to be just right for spring.
B00BBXN0RK Runs true to size The size 4 fits my daughter perfectly. She is four years old, about 32 pounds and about 39 inches tall. It's nice quality and will work perfectly for her soccer practice or as an everyday outfit. I would totally recommend.
B00BEIOZAI A bit large this time I've ordered this shoe many times over the years (and always loved them!) and while it always fit &#34;true to size&#34; this particular pair seemed to fit about 1/2 size larger.
B00BK4SEEY good fit great price This is my second pair of  soccer cleats. My first pair was a hand me down gift, Patrick's size 12, and I normally wear a 11 so I put some cotton pads and duct tape inside the heel cup to get my toes closer to the front of the boot by a 1/4 inch. They felt great but even so I had an extra 3/4 inch of space in front of my big toe which I have found out is too much. It is hard not to drag the toe when kicking and so I am wearing a hole in the toe. For my next pair I tried on some some Adidas 11pro trx fg but these still had 5/8 inch of extra space in front of the big toe in a size 11.The rest of the fit was tight but good.I think I could size down to 10.5 in this shoe and it would eventually stretch to width. It has a Taurus Leather toe box that stretches but not as much as Kangaroo Leather. I tried the Puma's size 11 and the fit in the shoe is tight but good and only 1/4 inch in front of the big toe. I think this will be as good as I can get as I have tried on a lot of cleats and many pinched my three smaller toes too much when I tried to get a good fit in front of my big toe or some like the Diadora were actually slightly too wide. My foot is exactly 11 inches long and 4-1/8&#34; at the widest point or size 11D. The other option I considered was going with a Kangaroo Leather Copa Mundial as I have heard they stretch quite a bit and sizing down too  a size 10 to get a good fit in the length on the sole plate and let the toe box stretch to width but those are heavier shoes and more expensive. They feel a little stiff out of the box but I have heard they loosen up quickly. They got a good review at soccerreviewsforyou.com. for touch,shooting,comfort and protection.This shoe weighs 293 grams or 10.1 grams, a medium weight shoe that is 2 to 3 ounces lighter than the Copa Mundial in this size and the same as the Adidas 11pro.  I will update on performance, comfort and durability when I have more experience with these shoes.
B00BYGV6X4 WAY TOO BIG!! Way bigger than I thought... They could fit me!!!! My son wears size 10 shoe so I thought they would be perfect but not even close &#128530;
B00C5UOT5U Awesome I have wide feet so I bought a size up to my recommended size. I should of bought an extra 1/2 a size up but these shoes fit quite well. They are very stylish and comfortable. Can't beat the price!
B00C5UPFPS Decent Seamed like good shoes, just weren't for me. Returned them soon after I got them because I ordered the wrong size.
B00C5UPFPS watch shoe size! this was a nice sneaker unfortunately it was to small for me. I ordered a size 12, and in every universe that means size 12, but is this alternate Amazon universe I find that it was a size 10.5! MAYBE 11, as i could barely fit my foot in it. great price, and great shoes, but be sure to order oversize online, or be prepared to send them back!
B00C699NTC Returned for smaller size I inadvertently selected 11.5 instead of 11.0. The shoes were returned and a size 11.0 was ordered. The return was handled promptly and efficiently by Frederick P.. The size 11.0 arrived and fit well.
B00C699NTC Like it I put that they fit a bit small because every pair of Pumas I've ever had seem to be a little snug in the tie area. I bought these for my husband and he's really happy with them. Snug, but wearable. I would suggest getting a size up if you normally wear a wider shoe size.
B00C6AH8J8 very good for my foot size is 10.5 of these since I'm 44 I miss you a little more but I get well very nice shoes
B00C6BOILS nice Awesome shoe. Just a bit larger than my normal size. Plan to get a half size bigger.  I would recommend.
B00C6BPP10 Great shoe for the price - My take on the sizing... I bought these at 11.5 after reading the other reviews. I usually wear a 10.5.  I buy Pumas all the time, my last few pairs before this one were Whirlwinds, and I'd wear those at 10.5.  If i were to buy these again, I'd go with size 11.  The 11.5 are just a tad roomy, but not enough to complain.So if you're basing your current shoe size off of other Puma products, I'd say go a half size larger here and you'll be good!
B00C6BPP10 Love Pumas! I Love this shoe!! It's true the sizes are a little off, order one size up & they fit great!
B00C6BPP10 LOVE THEM!! I read the previous reviews about how these shoes run small, so I ordered a half a size bigger. They are a touch bigger than I would like, but they are so comfortable!! I absolutely LOVE these shoes!! Plus, you can't beat the price!
B00C6BPP10 Awesome Very confortable sneakers. I had to order a size bigger that I normally order and fits just fine. Love the style.
B00C6BPP10 Great shoes, run a little on the small side These shoes are great.  You need to ensure that you order 1/2 size larger than normal.  I typically wear a size 10.5, but needed a size 11 in these shoes.  The color combination is perfect for the Virginia Tech Hokies fan.
B00C6BPP10 Oops I accidentally  ordered a men's size 81/2 instead of women's and they still fit fine. That may say more about me though than the shoes. This is my 3rd purchase of Puma sneakers and I love them and I'll be back for more!
B00C6BPP10 Too big... Not true to size These sizes are fitting bigger then other puma shoes... Had to return them... They are not true to size sadly
B00C6BPP10 Great shoes! Be patient and order bigger! Very nice comfortable shoes, great casual sneakers but can be good for athletics too.. They are very similar to the speeders and whirlwind puma's.. If you like those, you'll love these.Keep in mind that the style runs small, order half a size or a size up. Also be patient with these, they are tight at first but after wearing them for a few days they'll loosen up for ya, I promise.
B00C6BPP10 Size does not match other PUMA shoes These were too small and a ten and a half is not the same size as other 10.5 PUMA shoes.
B00C6BPP10 grateful Great decision reading the comments before I bought the shoes. Love them...If your going to buy them buy a size bigger than you normally would.
B00C6BPP10 listened to the reviews I read the reviews before ordering and I kind of wished I hadn't. I ordered a size larger then I would have because the review said the shoes ran small. They aren't too large but I could have gone a 1/2 size down.
B00C6BPP10 Sizing is confusing, but once correct they're great! The sizes show on Amazon are listed as one size/another size.  Ignore this and go by the second size.  If it says 10.5 US/12D US... it's a 10.5.  Once I got the correct size, they look and fit great!
B00C6BPP10 If you're a 10.5 fit like me, order the 10.5 US / 12 US I'm a Puma shoe fanatic. I have Pumas in my closet I haven't worn yet because I bought them in bulk on sale. $23.49 for a pair of Pumas is a steal, but after reading the reviews about the sizing confusion, I ordered the 10.5 US / 12 D US. What came was a 10.5 shoe which is my size (9.5 UK / 44 EUR / 28.5 CM). I'm happy I don't have to deal with a return.
B00C6BPP10 Shoes do not fit I normally wear a size 10 shoe and as such ordered a size 10.  They were too small so I returned them and ordered a size 10.5.  These were still too small.  It's not necessarily the width, but the height of the shoe that was the problem.  I don't recommend them.
B00C6BPP10 buy bigger These shoes are tiny ! Buy up at least a size of be prepared to send back or strangle your feet.
B00C6BUJDY cute and trendy I love these shoes!! They are super comfy and being 5'2 I like the extra lift that they provide. I have wide feet so instead of ordering up a 1/2 size I went up a whole size since I normally wear thicker socks with hight tops.
B00C6BUJDY Like a Glove! These shoes are so comfortable. Im glad I listened to the other reviews and ordered a half size up. You cannot go wrong with these. Im thinking of getting another pair.
B00C6BUJDY LOVE THESE SNEAKERS These were shipped very quick & in great shape. I just love these sneakers & my husband really likes them as well, he couldn't stop looking at them & kept on tell me how nice they looked on my feet.  I wear a size 10 but got them in a 10 1/2 to be on the safe side because I have wide feet. At first when I put them on it was a little snug but after walking in them for a little while, they just broke right in. If you have wide feet you might want to get a 1/2 size bigger but if not, then you can just get your regular size. If you get them too big then they might stretch out to much. These are way better than the cheap ones.
B00C6BUJDY Thankyou reviewers I read all the reviews before I purchase these. Quite a few people recommended getting a size over your regular size. They were spot on. I'm normally an 8.5 (39) and I ordered a 9 (40). They fit perfectly. These are good looking kicks. I'm looking forward to wearing them.
B00C6EW87G Awesome shoe! I just got these shoes and I LOVE them. I love the style, the look and the feel. They fit to your feet so they are pretty much exact size so don't try getting a smaller size cause u can fit a smaller size in most sneakers but not these. They're pretty true to size. But I am definitely looking into buying more colors.
B00C6EW87G Great shoe, but size up Love this shoe, about as minimal as you can get. Size up! I'm a full size bigger in these than I normally am in Pumas
B00C6EW87G Very happy with these shoes. This pair fit really well with socks on.  The first pair I ordered were a half size (still higher than my reg size) smaller and were to short but OK without.  I like them so well that I will keep them for warm weather and use them without the socks.  This shoes run a full size smaller than my usual size but I love them.  So comfortable, like wearing mocs.
B00C6EW87G Great design. Length a little short On warnings in other reviews, I ordered a half size up. I might have gone up a full size. Great weight. Great design for travel and lounging without being too athletic.
B00C6EW87G Puma Anaida Metallic lace up puma But very cute, I gave then to my sister and will buy another one in a half size bigger.I would recommend.
B00C6EW87G look nice After reading the reviews and buying them in another color and finding that their fit is quite small, I got this pair one size bigger and they fit perfectly. They need to be break down a bit, since the rub on the back, but nothing that a band aid can't solve until they are broken broken down and molded to my feet.Just in case, I also got another pair of the electric green ones just half size bigger than my regular size and they fit fine. So there seems to be some discrepancies in the sizes between colors; quite odd in my opinion.
B00C6EW87G Puma Shoes are made in China I was so excited to order the Anaida Metallic Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker for my size 10.I was very disappointed that the shoe sent to me was a size 9.  Someone in China put a size 10 tab inside the size 9 shoe.I am sad that I had to send the shoes back.
B00C6EW87G The size issue My shoe size is 8-8.5. I returned the 8.5 pair for a 9.0. It is still a bit small (need 9.5 for this make). So, if you consider buying this brand, make sure you are getting a size- size.5 bigger.
B00C6EW87G Light and comfortable I'm a size 6.5 and I ordered a size up and these shoes fit perfect. I use the shoe for biking only and I find them very light with plenty of air flow to keep my feet from overheating. Great purchase.
B00C6EW87G Nice shoes! I really liked this shoes, the color is great exactly how I expected, and they are really conftroble to run, and very soft, the only thing is that they run a little smaller, so my advice is, go a half size bigger than you are, I'm a size 8 so I wish I would of got them as 8 and a half, but I still kept them cuz I loved them!
B00C6EW87G Awesome shoes! These shoes are very lightweight and very comfortable. I had to order a size up though. I have narrow feet and  I wear size 7 in shoes and usually a 7 1/2 in tennis shoes. I got the 7 1/2 and returned them for a 8 and the 8's fit perfectly! These shoes don't have thick soles, they are made more for working out inside and not for walking or running. They are perfect for gym, dancing, or any indoor activity! They are very flexible and feel close to ballet shoes! They are the cutest shoes I have bought in a long time and was excited to be able to get them in the bigger size when the 7 1/2 didn't fit! I promise that you will need to size up at least a 1/2 size bigger than your tennis shoes! I didn't listen to some of the reviews and ordered the 7 1/2s and ended up having to wait till I got the bigger ones and I have narrow feet! Well worth it though and will be putting these shoes to good use!
B00C6EW87G Great Looking ... Runs 1 size smaller Great looking potentially comfortable sneaker. They are definitely not true to size. I had to exchange a 7 for an 8 and I'm waiting on their arrival. I hope the 8 fits like a 7 should. The size 7 felt like a wicked step sister trying to squeeze her foot into someone else's shoe!
B00C70SL3E XL is HUGE! The pants seem to be of good quality and price. They are listed at size 2-7 which i assumed was a childrens size. The XL would fit a 12 year old. Had to return them.
B00C70T3W2 The size on the packaging reads "12 months" And the size on the tag on the clothing reads &#34;24 months&#34; so I don't know what to believe. I got it as a gift for my nephew and I didn't give it to him yet, so I don't know if it will fit him or not. Otherwise it seems very nice.
B00C7GKY06 wrong size i only give this a 3 star rating because they sent me out a 12 mo. which is correct, but the pants are a size 18 mo. not very happy at all. the outfit is very cute though.
B00C7GKY06 Shipped in two different sizes.. The outfit is great - of good quality material and very nice looking. However, I ordered size 18 months but what was delivered to me was wrong. I received a size 18 months jacket and size 12 months pants. I gave it a 3 star because my son is skinny, still wearing a lot of his smaller sized bottoms, so it actually works for him. Each piece is true to its listed size, but for most kids it would be nice to have to same size for each piece. I didn't attempt to return it because, like I said, it worked for my boy.
B00C7JXCFC Thin tank Ordered a size bigger so my daughter will be able to wear this summer!! Material feels a little thin kinda bummed about that can't wear as long.
B00C7JZUUM Very cute I was happy with the quality of the colors and logo also the material. My daughter will wear it through spring. I got a size up, only so it would last with her growing! So, I do know that if I had ordered her reg size it still would have been just right. Confident it will last!
B00C7JZXAY Super cute! I ordered a size 6x for my niece to use over summer. She normally wears a size 5T, but this fits her perfectly right now. With that being said, the sizing runs somewhat small.She loves the shirt!
B00C7L2S0U Fits Smaller My daughter wears a 3T, i got this in 5T and it fits perfect. So buy a size or two bigger.
B00C7L2S0U :) very cute, i ordered one size up and it was perfect, nice material...i was very happy with this purchase :)
B00C7MRCUA HAPPY but they run about 1 size too small. They're perfect except I wish I had gotten a bigger size. My daughter JUST turned 4, I ordered her a 4T but I have to pull them down a bit bc they're too short. I can't put them in dryer for fear they'll shrink too much. But they're DEF good quality!
B00C7MVJEU Not true to size!! My daughters is not even 2 yet and she is average for her age and it fits her almost perfectly.
B00C7OJMBU Cute top I bought this top in a size 5 for my daughter who is 4 years old. She is tall and thin for her age, and the size 5 fit her perfectly. It's a very well made top and washes and dries excellently. This will definitely last through the season and I will be able to hand it down to her little sister!!
B00CAJRVII smaller than expected .. her size in addidas and nike is 12.5 .. although size 13 in puma was smaller !!  But, quality is perfect and my kid seems to be comfortable in this model
B00CAJRVII Great sneakers!!! My son is 5 and he loves puma that's the only shoes he says it's confatable, he's size 11 1/2 so I got him one size bigger and they fit perfect . So the only thing is order bigger size they run a little small, but otherwise puma is a great shoes for kids.
B00CAJT9OW Excellent product It's my first shoes internet bought. So, I chose a little bigger size than what I need. But my child will love them in a few months ago!!!
B00CAJT9OW size wrong ... style is a fit! still a bit too big, but my daughter loves them and refuses to wear anything else on her feet! Be careful when ordering as we have other Puma's and this was more than two sizes too big. Amazon makes it easy to return/exchange as nneded ; )
B00CAJT9OW love! I got these in pink for my 2 year old. I followed the advice of the other posters and bought them a size larger than what she wore, glad I did! They fit with plenty of room to grow. Had I got her size they wouldn't have fit her....at least not for long. Other than that I love them!
B00CAJT9OW Run about a size too big. These run a size too big, and are also not the cutest Pumas. Also heavier than other shoes that are not runners. Just Ok. I would recommend another style.
B00CAJUUVS 5 I guess I ordered the wrong size, a girl of 5 years old could fit on it, my baby girl is just 3:-(
B00CAJVONQ Just as expected No surprises here.  My son loves them.  He had a smaller size 4 Puma that he outgrew, so these were ordered.
B00CAK0V3O Loved it! Loved the shoe, ordered the wrong size(checked my other pumas to see what size they were but they were to worn in to read it) but that was fixed quickly.  Great color and awesome fit. with the new ones!
B00CAK2FC4 Beautiful shoes Since I like them and 12 size was a bit small for my 5 years-old daughter, I ordered the 12.5 size right away.The free return from Amazon is wonderful and easy !
B00CAK5B0M light as a feather Awesome shoe. I ordered a size bigger cuz I have a tad bit wider feet, and other Puma's I've bought seemed to run snug.....could've ordered only a half size bigger, plenty of toe spread room. Feels light and natural. Thought they'd be a bit softer than they are, but still great. I'd order them again.
B00CAK9ABI Good Choice I love the sneaker and I'm glad I picked the right size.  Got lucky.Perhaps some type of chart should be offered to help someoneselect the correct size.
B00CAKAPCQ Great shoes for a great price! I've bought a few pair of Puma's for my girls and they all seem to run a little small, so just keep that in mind while buying I always do a half size to a full size up.
B00CAKB160 Item Description misleading! Went to order this item in black in a Women's Size 7 B(M) which was showing as available and after the order was placed and I got the confirmation #, the Item description changed saying that I ordered a MEN's Size 7 D(M).  I cancelled the order right away!  Very Disappointed!
B00CFF62QY Good T-shirt This is a great tee, but it is too small for size 2T.It'll be better if it was one size bigger.
B00CM3EBKI gorgeous I ordered this for my 9 year old daughter. She is size 10-12 AND THIS FITTED HER WELL!!! NICE QUALITY!
B00CN5B73O Top ok, bottom too long Nice material, top fits just what was stated as size 5 but bottom is way too long, more like size 6-7. Now my daughter left with unmatching set
B00CN5B73O Cute fot little girls. Very nice I ordered 5 size it run a bit small on my 4 year old girl though. So my piece of advise is get one size up.
B00CN5B73O Requested size was wrong This is adorable however I ordered a 4T and they sent a 3t pants and a 4t jacket.  By the time it was cold outside and we got it out to wear the return policy had already lapsed.  Make sure you check the sizes right away..
B00CN5C0RQ The trousers is big to 4 age old girl! The size of the coat is 4, but the trousers size is 5, and the coat is very thick, pants is very thin, not a season to wear.
B00CN5CI9G Bigger size Love how it looks on her. Just sucks it won't fit very long.  Oh well i guess bigger size next time
B00CN5CI9G Beautiful, but doesn't correspond to the size Suit very beautiful and bright, but the size small (my daughter is 1,5 years old, I took the size 2T and it to her end-to-end). Very thin material, will be suitable only for summer walks.
B00D4KBMNW Smaller for the size The legs are smaller than a normal 4T size. So I am so sorry to not be very satisfy with this pants
B00D9OZQDK Really cute. What I did was order one size up for my daughter. I DO know her reg size would have been just right also. The reason I went one size up is because tees like these still look cute, cannot really tell from a bit larger...So Moms, you guessed it, it will last till summer through her sprouting! The material is not thin, normal t-shirt material, and these designs with the long sleeve are so cute for boys and girls tees. Bright color looks great also
B00D9P01XO Wrong Size I ordered a size medium for my niece's birthday and when the package arrived the outer plastic package had a medium sticker on it but when I took it out to wrap it for her birthday it was actually an xtra-large! Luckily my niece liked it and was going to keep it until she grew into it but extremely disappointing I did not get the correct size that I ordered.
B00DBDZF3A These are not the right sizes!! These are the best socks out there! But they didn't send the right size. They advertise 6-12.5 but they send out really large socks larger than 10! Wish they would send me the right size then I would put 5 stars!
B00DDE5VZY puma  4year We find the jacket  in size but the trousers ( pants ) are too big for a four  year old kid
B00DFPC6Z4 fits my 11.5 feet perfect I first bought the smaller size 8-12 but they were too small. Gave them to my wife, size 8 and fit perfect. Extended fit just right, very soft, feel good.
B00DGOWDRA Even though it's smaller than I expected Even though it's smaller than I expected, I like it.It's very cute.  and The quality is good.If there is bigger size, I 'll buy it again.
B00DHJQ39S Wife loves them! My wife loves these shoes.  We ordered  a half size larger than normal and they fit her perfectly. Would recommend purchasing these.
B00DHJQNYS Love these shoes! True to size, these shoes fit perfect, they are so cute! I can not wait to try them out o the course!
B00DHJRKU4 So far, looks good - but order a 1/2 size larger What a great price on this type of golf shoe - plus with an Amazon discount offered at the time, a real steal.  Oh but when it arrived, it was too small (I normally wear a 10 1/2 but had to send back for an 11).  I will update this with more info after wearing them a bit more but wanted to let everyone know to order 1/2 size up.
B00DHJT5PC Really glad I made this purchase These shoes are great! I ordered a size 8.5 after going to the store to try on the size 9s--they run a bit big so be aware. I normally wear a size 9 in everything else.Shoes look great and the comfort is better than I expected. They come with both orange and black laces.
B00DNNO40I I do not like returning things. I just wish all the sizes could be in sinc. I always buy this size, but in Puma it was real big.  I did want Pumas. I like the style and used to wear them years ago.
B00DNNOCQE Good Shoes If buying these I'd recommend getting half a size larger. I'm normally a 10.5 but getting the 11 was perfect.  They fit great.
B00DNNPFTC Get a half size larger I don't know why puma is doing this, but all of their shoes seem to be a half size small, and they apparently don't produce 12.5
B00DNNS0XA PUMA Men's Fells Trail Running Shoe,Chestnut/Black/Bright Marigold,10.5 M.. i like puma brandand my size normally 11but i wanted to get this color Chestnut/Black/Brightand risked for size 10.5 since no size 11and im lucky it fit me also :Di like this shoesand like its colorfit my clothes
B00DNNS6ZM They fit perfect! I always find pumas run a size smaller. I wear a size 10 to 10 1/2 shoe. I ordered these in a size 11. They fit perfect!
B00DNNS6ZM great. being a puma fan 16pairs os pumas this power tek voltaic are great well built, but as always buy them 1/2 size bigger.
B00DNNSO4U too small This is a beautiful, light shoe. I had to returned because it was too small; I am a size 7 and that is the size I ordered. I really like it so I am re-ordering it half a size bigger in hopes it fit since they are not a shoe to wear socks with. Unfortunately, I don't know if they end up stretching a bit because they were so tight that it was impossible to keep them on. I'll update once I try the new size.
B00DNNXIXW Make sure you order one size biger!! One of the reviewer warned that these shoes come small so I ordered size 7 (I'm usually 6). They fit me perfectly. Very comfortable. I love them.
B00DNNZEP2 Boat feet I really like them: the colors, the style. They fit well , I enjoy running in them. My only concern is that my feet look huge in them. I am a size 8 which is not a small size but still.... Otherwise, they are worth the price and I wear them even if they give me boat looking feet.
B00DNO0QRC Too snug I love the shoes & the speedy delivery. But I gave the product 4 stars only because i had to return them once for a bigger size & now I have to return them once again because they still fit pretty snug=( I had first ordered a 5.5 in boys size because ive gotten pumas very similar to these in that same size & they fit perfect. So i thought i'd do the same with these. I exchanged them for a size 6 but still fit tight. And now I will have to return them again for a 6.5..Hoping that should do it.
B00DOEFG4Y wrong size they where suppose to be size 10 so lets try it again I WOULD LIKE TO SEND THEM BACK TO GET THE RIGHT SIZE I WILL NEED A SIZE 10 THE COLOR
B00DOEGVA2 nice shoe unfortunately not available in my size like the shoe, just too small and they don't offer a half size bigger. not sure if this is an older model and out of my size.
B00DOEPQD0 crazy big I normally wear a size 8 and this size 8 was crazy big.  I knew it as soon I took it out of the box.  The looked great and they were a good price with free return shipping so &#34;no harm, no foul&#34;.
B00DOFY482 re ordered a size bigger and fits perfect and supper comfy size is a bit on small side but they are comfy!! re ordered a size bigger and fits perfect and supper comfy!
B00DOFY482 Two Stars The size is not like other brands sizes
B00DOG4R2Y Perfect Ordered for my dad. Wears a 9 but since these come 1 size reduced ordered a 10 and it fir perfectly.  He loved them! Thanks puma!
B00DOG4R2Y Three Stars The size 11 is ok but it is not wide enough
B00DOG4R2Y Nice shoes but narrow. Higher size might do the trick. Shoes are nice but narrow. I hope they loosen up a bit with time. I would recommend only if you do not need to walk a lot at a stretch.Update (05/16/2014): Couldn't make it work and had to exchange. Ordered 10.5 size (previous size was 10) and it fits nicely. Very comfortable now. Would have given it a 5 star if not for this size adjustment.P.S: As always, amazon was amazing with the exchange process.
B00DOG4R2Y Five Stars ordered 1/2 size larger than I normaly wear in other shoes.
B00DOG55AW Go up half a size Great shoes, but not true to size. I went up half a size. Must say, it was worth the trouble of exchanging.
B00DOG55AW Great shoes but... Great clean look would recommend that you get them a half size bigger then what you wear  a great buy
B00DOG55AW Look elsewhere...... if you want a pair of shoes that fit. I wear a 10.5 US(M) and ordered these knowing that they ran a little small.These are over a size and a half different than what is on the label.....unacceptable.Find a good brand that assures quality control and proper sizing.
B00DOG55AW Nice shoes Nice shoes, fast shipping, and great seller. Just make sure to pick the right size, because Puma shoes are a little bit tight. I bought it one size bigger and it fits perfectly.
B00DOG55AW Five Stars Please order them a size larger if you have a wide foot unless otherwise
B00DOJIJMA Not the real size Not the size, the shoe is small and i think I'm going to send back i just need to know how is going to work
B00DOL32BQ Nice shoe. Sizing Chart Wrong I really like the shoes I ordered, but their sizing chart is wrong. These shoes were too small and I will have to send them back in exchange for at least a half size larger, if not a full size larger.
B00DOL32BQ Order 1/2 size up I ordered a size 10 and they were too small. Exchanged for a 10.5 and good fit !!
B00DOPGL42 Enormous. A standard fleece sweatpant I ordered this in medium for my son, age 9 (wears size 10), following the size recommendation chart. He is tall for his age (75th percentile). Nonetheless, the pant comes almost up to his neck when I hold it up next to him. I was going to send them back, because the size was quite ridiculous. Instead, my husband (5 ft 11) decided to wear them around the house. They are acceptable as a sweatpant, but nothing to get excited about. Rather shapeless, which is not surprising--they don't look attractive. My husband said they would probably fit me, but because they are so shapeless (and bright), I passed on them. Plus, I think they would even be too big for me.
B00DQNT00E Nice sweat pants for active boy It fits well, it's well made and the fabric is of a high quality.The size is exactly right for size 6.
B00DS5M8FO Nice material but size is not suitable for a size 16 The size was too small should read as 7 to 12 for a more proper fit that is not snugged.
B00DTUVWA0 Too small I bought these for my son. He usually wears a 4.5 big kid shoes. i bought these size 5 and they are really tight. I should have gone a size up. They are really nice looking though and look comfy if in the right size. I returned them and bought size 6.
B00DTW6UVY Slightly small You may want to order a half size bigger.  They almost fit 1/4 size too small.  Great price so we kept his actual size.  Other than that, great shoe!
B00DU0L7PE Size runs smaller and tighter Really cute and my daughter loved the blinking lights however size ran too narrow. I've been buying pedipeds and saucony shoes and their sizing is what I was accustomed to so when I tried pumas, they were too tight. I guess the natural thing to do would be to buy a size bigger however then it would be too long.
B00DU0P368 The sparkle is a bit more than show in the photo but they still look great. I anticipate that they will wear well From the other reviews indicating that the for was on the smaller size, I ordered a size up. This worked allowing for a little extra room for growing. The sparkle is a bit more than show in the photo but they still look great. I anticipate that they will wear well.
B00DUJEF2C Size Does Matter I ordered the PUMA Classic in size 5.5 for my daughter who normally wears a size 5. When buying shoes for kids, I normally order a 1/2 size larger to allow for variances and growth. Unfortunately, the 5.5 was too small on my daughter. I checked to ensure she still fits a size 5 and two other pairs of shoes I recently bought at Payless still fit her correctly. We had to return these.
B00DULV8Y8 Happy kid happy parent Wore a size 11 last school year & those where just starting to be too small, so I knew he needed the next size up. After reading other reviews I decided on one whole size larger & they will be perfect for this school year.  My son was super excited about the colours & wasn't disappointed when he saw them-- they looked just like the picture & fit great! I'm always hesitate to order shoes online, but this worked out great! Not too narrow (& my son doesn't have the slimmest foot &#128521;) & for the size I personally recommend a half size larger, but if there is a problem Amazon had free return shipping on these shoes so I had no problem ordering & would do it again.  Great experience & saved me a ton of time & tears (we're not fond of  going store to store)!
B00DULXWII You need to buy this shoes for ur son he will love them! I loveee them, my son loves them, they fit perfectly. He is 3yrs and wear size 7 i got him 8 because i read in the other reviews that were running small.. It fits like if were 7 1/2 so careful with the size! They very comfortable and good quality material.. I'm very happy with the purchase and i already ordered another pair :)
B00DULXWII Problem whit size The problem is that we bought this product in size 4 M US Toddler,  that is similar to size EUR 35,5 22cm, and what arrived was a size 4 M US Little Kids of 12 cm.We can send you a picture of the item if you need one.We are very disappointed,  and being in Uruguay is impossible for us to return the product.How can we fix this mistake?
B00DULXWII One size too small and narrow My 4 year old son is currently wearing a size 12 in sneakers. I purchased this Puma in a size 13. There is no extra room for my son's toes. The size 13 Puma compared to his current size 12 sneaker from Target are the same.  The quality of the sneaker appears to be good but buyer beware to purchase this item 2 sizes up if you are really looking to only purchase 1 size bigger for your child.
B00DY6160A Super comfy! Super comfy!  I wish they had my size in more color options.  They seem slightly loose after a few wears,  so not sure if I sho I lo have gone 1/2 size down.
B00DY6160A I normally wear 8. 5 in pumas but these ... I normally wear 8.5 in pumas but these are true to size, so I will be sending these back and ordering a 7.5
B00DY6160A Super cute and convenient These are great to throw on to run a quick errand. I wouldn't wear them to the mall or site seeing -- they don't have that much support. It's a minimalist shoe. It runs true to size. If you're a sock wearing, I'd suggest going up a 1/2 size.
B00DY6160A PUMA Women's Asha Alt 2 Sneaker I originally purchased these shoes in size 8.5 and thought they might be too big so I ordered the 8.  I found that the size 8 were too small.  I kept the size 8.5 and that size is working well for me.  They are a very comfortable shoe and stylish.
B00DY789HM runs small Love these tennies but had to go .5 size up.  Now that I have the correct size I can't help but wish I could wear these everyday!
B00DY8YSD0 Actually the size advertised I first bought the PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Ferrari Leather Sneaker-size 11D and I could barely get my foot in them, they were so narrow! They were not width &#34;D&#34;, so I returned them. Then I found these, which the style appealed to me even more, because I was a wrestler in school and enjoyed wearing my wrestling shoes for normal wear. I purchased these as well, in a size 11D and they were actually the size advertised! They are very comfortable and I continue to get compliments from friends, neighbors, as well as people on the streets.  I can't afford a beautiful Ferrari,but at least I can afford their shoes and caps ;)
B00E6O333W Wrong size guide, good quality otherwise. I bought size of 18months for my 6 month old daughter and it is just fitting her and she is a slim baby, otherwise fabric is of good quality. I would recommend buying two size higher than actual.
B00E6O333W Great Item in sporty play wear for toddlers. Very very nice! The size is perfect along with the clothing quality.Very durable for a child this size..Great item..love the colors.
B00EDOMUYI Size Glad I ordered a little larger size.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoes I ordered mine a half size larger than normal (at the advice of several reviewers) and they fit well. Light weight and comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Did not receive them yet hope all is good loved the sneakers size 9.5 was to small I returned them for a size 10. Did not receive them yet hope all is good loved the sneakers .
B00EDOMUYI Other than that they look really cool, and are a nice shoe I got them in a half size bigger than I would have because of a few posts saying &#34;they run a half size smaller than your foot size, but I shouldn't have listened. Other than that they look really cool, and are a nice shoe. They are a little tight width wise also.
B00EDOMUYI True Story: These Puma shoes are 1/2 size smaller than stated. Like many of the other reviews, these shoes run 1/2 size smaller than the stated size indicates.The styling and colors are great: my 28 year old son wanted them - thought they were some of the best looking shoes he had seen.Too bad they were undersized. I have worn size 9.5 for 20+ years, and my toes both hit the end of these shoes.If you are really going to use for running, (they are heavier than many other running shoes), upsize by 1 full size: 1/2 to make up for Puma's small size, and 1/2 for the room to be able to run it.
B00EDOMUYI Sent wrong size Got the order very quick, actually a day ahead of what was originally projected. However, I ordered a 10.5 and the box said they were a 10.5 , but the shoes were 9.5s so thankfully this pair of pumas fit different because my previous experiences with pumas  is that they seem to run tighter than other brands.
B00EDOMUYI Like the style I like the style but fits rather tight.  I would go a half size larger than your normal size. I will purchase this product again but will follow my own advice.
B00EDOMUYI I love the shoes I love the shoes, but you have to know that Puma's tend to run on the smaller size. I reccomend ordering at least a half size bigger. I did and wasn't dissapointed.
B00EDOMUYI Played Tennis and it is very comfortable and light weight I read some review and i order and next size based on other reviews. I would recommend to go for next size especially if you need Wide size.
B00EDOR4L2 Order a half size larger and you will love these sneakers! Love these shoes so much I bought a pair in another color!  Runs small so be sure to order a half size larger.
B00EDOR4L2 Nice Shoes but Wrong Size. They posted these women's shoes as Men Size, so I did the conversion. It turns out that even though it said it was Men's size, it actually was Womens size so the conversion made them too small. Look nice though.
B00EDOR4L2 My wife was happy to receive them even though a half size smaller ... My wife was happy to receive them even though a half size smaller would've been perfect. They're her favorite color so that makes it even better
B00EDOR4L2 Good looking but run small I bought the shoes because they were stylish looking at a good price. I use them to exercise so I bought them a size larger since my feet swell during exercise. The shoes are comfortable but I don't have as much extra room as I would like. I usually take them off as soon as I'm done exercising so my feet can breathe. I would have bought a larger size but 11 was the largest size offered.
B00EQ2EKYK They sent me Polo wrong size. Polo very beautiful and &#1082;&#1072;&#1095;&#1077;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1085;&#1085;&#1086;&#1077;.&#1053;&#1086; sent me was not the size that I ordered. On the label on the Polo size 4T , and on the label with a price tag to specify the amount of 6. Better would be Vice versa .
B00ETHZV2M If you are between a 10 and 11 usually get a 10.5 perhaps? Hi. So, my shoe size is usually a 10 or 11 depending on fit, and style. I've come to realize that if a brand has a 10.5 to buy it. This case I didn't and the 11 was to big. Big enough there was some gaping when laced up. It looked strange. What kept me from buying the smaller size was the fact that I feel the gapping at the top might not have gone away if I sized down. I like the style, and pumas are always comfy to me. Anywho, Good Luck!
B00ETI12AG I Like these shoes I like the shoes but the size did not fit perfectly. Looks like I will have to go with a half size larger for a better fit. It kind of on the tight side. But I love the style of the shoes.
B00F4O0DHW Over Priced This pant is a good quality. I am a curvy size 12, but I found it too small in a size large. Even though I liked the quality it seemed very expensive at $75. I returned it.
B00FEM4CQC Best he's owned in a long time. My son bought these Pumas as an all purpose sneaker. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. He says they are the best sneakers he has owned in a long time. While his normal shoe size is 12, on the advise of other reviewers, he purchased 13, which fit perfectly.  For this sneaker, his rule of thumb:  If your normal shoe size is up to 11, get a half size larger; if 12 or more, get a full size larger.
B00FEM4CQC 5 but reading the reviews i learned it is better to order one full size up usually my size is 10.5 but reading the reviews i learned it is better to order one full size up, thus 11.5 fits as expected. the shoe design is narrow so people with normal foot or wider better order one size up.
B00FEM4CQC Great shoes and style These shoes look amazing I got the last pair in my size. Order 1/2 or a full size up from your normal size they run narrow.
B00FEM73OK Orders larger size than you normally wear The shoe is attractive .  After reading previous reviews, I ordered a half-size larger  than I usually wear.  I should have ordered a full-size larger.  I would have returned them, but our German Shepherd had torn the box apart when I was trying the shoes on.
B00FEM73OK Four Stars I need change the size for 5.5 us
B00FFM3Q6S Justin Hewitt Westby Evopower Response The evopower cleats were very small / uncomfortable. I wear a size 111 / 2 Shoe AND I Purchased a size 12 just to be safe .I watched a YouTube review and was recommended to buy a size bigger. So I bought the shoes with confidence. I wore them 2 times at two different games to see if they would stretch out some just knowing that most shoes you could break in between wear.  I was forced to take them off in the second half of my second game and was very unhappy.. I reason I decided to put them on and play in them initially is because I felt like I could honestly work with the shoe being that I never I had cleats with all the material up top for ball touch. If I could get a refund or a an exchange of size I would appreciate it. Thank you
B00FFM3YSI soccer cleats Good quality. But didn't fit.Returned and ordered another size.because I had to have them.they are unique and really different.recommended.must buy.
B00FJ57RFW Size does not correspond to reality Went off the puma size chart separately according to my dimensions and pants bigger than the site indicated.Color not black and brown tint.
B00FJEONXW Real size My husband likes them and used them right away! He uses Size 10 and it fitted well! So true size!
B00FJEONXW Very cool shoes and something different!!! Very smooth shoes,classic,lightweight,but be careful with the size,i tried a 10 US size and a 10.5 with the same style but diferent model Puma at Macys and 10 size too tie,so get the 10.5 size,and if you have a thick foot they gonna be uncomfortable for you on the sides,but for me they were as expected,always read the reviews before buying something in amazon,im gonna enjoy them anyway,very happy and the price good too $89.99 instead of $120 in the puma website
B00FLWLVKA Great Sneaks I really liked these sneakers.  Great color and they look fabulous.  I get compliments everywhere from everyone.  I am a size 9 but whenever I buy puma sneakers I always am a 10.  These were a little bit bigger than a 10 in puma normally fits me.  But then again I have another pair of pumas that are a size 10 and just fit and I can't even wear socks with them.  So go figure.  Glad amazon had free returns on this though. Just in case.  But overall love these.  They are great for the gym and very comfortable for long walks. Didn't bother my feet one bit.
B00FMM4B1U Soccer sneakers Very effective for my runnning on the pitch though the size is a bit a small. I would have preferred SIZE US 11 which was not available at that time. I like the sneaker.
B00FRG5XEK ok It looks ok, there are some thread at the top, I choose the 8-10 size, color and size are appropriate.
B00FRL3ZUE picky son enjoys these shorts they fit to size, are comfortable and reasonably priced.
B00FRL85WC Huge! I ordered these pants for my son -- age 8.  He is a smaller guy, but typically wears size 7/8 in pants, or size medium.  These pants are enormous -- they fit me, and I'm 5' 3&#34;!
B00FSDC3TU very cute and  great  price This was on sell for like  $6 and so  i get the size M  its  for girls but fits  M fits adult size S  great
B00FSKM140 Great buy My neice loved it and she looks so cute in it and  she wears it to gymnastic class perfect size
B00FSS6J1I Wrong size, cheap material After wearing this set 3 or 4 times, the shorts started to get hairy and coarse. I wouldn't recommend it at all.
B00FSS6J1I PUMA GIRLS 6X READR SET SEE YOU Product was great but size chart not working a T6 L is more for a5 yr old  so I will pass it off to a 5 yr oldI re orderd other outfits  in a med and large kids chart size for 8 and 9 yr oldShipping time was great recd July 1 stNot your fault on the sizes, Ill know next time.
B00FSS9FJQ great quality/size runs large I ordered Medium because my son wears a size 10 and these were long - past his knees.We will keep these for next summer.  Lightweight fabric.  Adjustable waistband.  Great quality.
B00FVYVMFW Four Stars But anyway it was the size I ordered. But someday will fit him. Thanks
B00FW3VHLG EXCELLENT PRODUCT MY SON LOVED IT.EVEN THOUGH IT IS A BIT BIG FOR A 9 YEARS OLD BOY, I ORDERED M SIZE.I WOULD SUGGEST GOING TO A SHOP AN TRY IT BEFORE YOU ORDER IT.
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks! I wear a women&#8217;s size 10-11 and I worried these would be a little too small (even though the package says size 9-11).  However, I was pleasantly surprised that they fit well.  They're very comfortable with support for the arch of my foot and extra padding in the heels.  I will be purchasing more of these in the future.  I also think they're very cute and the boys won't steal my girly socks anymore!
B00GOMDIMU great socks needed some new socks and i love these, they fit true to size and are comfortable i wear a size 8 shoe and these fit just fine
B00GS9PX4U Not too good Kinda of a small size 10 ! Thought they would fit like other size 10 shoes. Tight at toes. Not comfortable
B00GV3GRJI Really weird size I have an old pair of pumas, about six years old with worn out soles. Different style, but very similar design, so I figured the same size should work. It came in the mail, and it looked too big, so I did a comparison test. The soles are the same exact size as my old pair. I tried them on and had an extra two inches in the front which makes walking weird. Upon further inspection, even though the soles are the same size, the entire build is larger with less cushion inside. It's effectively a size and a half larger than my old pair. The difference is dramatic. Not at all what I was expecting from puma.
B00GV3GRJI Order at least half a size above what you would consider a perfect fit (without too much headroom) and go 0 I am a size 8.0. The first time I purchased an 8.5 (white)  and it was a little too big so I went a size down to 8.0(black) second time around and it was too small. Their sizing seems inconsistent. A lot of reviews before me complains how you should always order a size above what you normally wear and I have to agree with them. Order at least half a size above what you would consider a perfect fit (without too much headroom) and go 0.5 size above. Next time I will stick with the 8.5
B00HSE4ZFC Size It was More like xxl after washing it, which is what I expected from these kinds of shirts for this price
B00HSE50T2 Too Big I always order size small, which is what fits me the best. This came pretty large, closer to a Medium size, I would buy a size below your size, unfortunately I can't do that because there is nothing below Small for this particular item. Everything I said also applies to the respective pants.
B00HSE54KW Too Big I always order size small, which is what fits me the best. This came pretty large, closer to a Medium size, I would buy a size below your size, unfortunately I can't do that because there is nothing below Small for this particular item. Everything I said also applies to the respective jacket.
B00HSH997S Girls? No, more like adult. I ordered these for my little one, they said &#34;girls 9-11&#34; but they are adult, I have size 10 feet and I'm wearing them.
B00HSH997S Product quality good, but sent the wrong size About this product quality can be said that is good because is just cotton socks, but they sent the wrong size so suit for us
B00HSH9C4I Bad They are NOT true to size. They ones that said they'd fit 7 and higher don't fit me and I'm a 7.5.Maybe they sent me the wrong size. What the hell.
B00HTAKRI4 A very attractive shoe, but can't determine the comfortability ... A very attractive shoe, but can't determine the comfortability because the size doesn't fit. Usually I wear size 11 but these are a little tight. My wife had the same problem with the women's version. We are returning the product in hope of acquiring the next half size larger.
B00HTARS4U Five Stars Really cute, but had to go a size up.
B00I9V1IGC These are for little kids This is not for &#34;boys&#34; this is for little kids.... size 6 for 10 year old is not size 6 for toddler...
B00I9V1IGC Too small - Not for Boys 8-20 as advertised These run very small, and it's next to impossible to figure out the sizing online, so of course, I ordered the wrong size the first time - size 7-8.5 - and they would probably fit a large toddler.I have been trying to find replacement Puma socks for some black Puma socks he's had for years that he absolutely LOVES.  These unfortunately, are not them...  I decided to order the largest size (9-11), and they &#34;just&#34; fit my size 5 shoe, 8 year old. I figure they'll last the summer, then he'll outgrow them (likely before they wear out).Other items of interest...  They are on the thinner side, which is great for summer (my son wears shoes all summer - rarely sandals).  He says they do NOT slip down into his shoe.  They &#34;fitted&#34; nicely.  They are not super stretchy - only a little stretch compared to other socks we own, and they have a typical cottony feel -  not super soft (like some of the cotton/poly blends), but not scratchy either.
B00I9V1IGC Unclear sizing Went over the sizing again and again and bought these for my 11 y.o. Size 7 mens.  These are for a 4 y.o.!  They are too small on my 8 y.o. With size 3!
B00I9V1IGC Order 1 size bigger than you thought Then everything would probably work out.Product wise, these socks are great. Very nice looking and very comfortable. Again, try to order one size bigger than you thought, then you'd be happy.
B00I9V1O4S Figured it out My son wears a size 3 in big kid size (9 yrs old).  The 7-8.5 sock size is the perfect fit.  Amazon sent me the sock to shoe size table.
B00I9V1O4S toddler socks These appear to be very good socks and I have no concerns with quality.  However, when looking at the description I took &#34;boys 8-20&#34; to be the general size and assumed they were for a young boy;  the sizing info was of no help when I looked.  I purchased a size 5-6.5 sock for my 9 year old as he wears size 5 shoes and they fit my two year old who wears about size 8 toddler shoe perfectly.  Again, nice socks but sizing seems a bit unclear.
B00IDFTLY0 is too small The product is goodIt's is pretty but the size is such 6 months, not 9 months+I don't found size bigger
B00IO6YCWY Order one size bigger than normal I always wear medium underwear but these where more like smalls .
