B000BOCNRI Great shoe Awesome shoes. Fits wider feet well. Sizes run a bit small in the length so make sure to get a 1/2 size larger. I normally wear an 11 and ordered these in 11 1/2 and it fit well.
B000C4XHJA Too small they didn't fit They were too small. I wear size 11 and they didn't fit. It said size 9-11 that's not the case
B000HAWIX0 Had to return These shoes looked great, but had to return them because they were to small.  When shopping for puma, increase the shoe size 1 full.
B000K7EIME Love these sneakers These sneakers are so comfortable and very stylish. I def would recommend these sneakers to everyone. They do seem to run small so I advise to get half size bigger so you don't get corns or blisters on ur feet
B000MS9RVS Mens Puma Drifk cats Nice shoes good delivery time the first time around, i had to exchange them because the first size i ordered ended up being too small. the exchange took about 14 days but other than that no other problems. (order 1/2 larger than you usually wear for this shoe).
B000R4XHRC Not liking it I will return I need option for the with either regular or widewish there was a wide size 9. I may have to return it. too small for a 9  kinda tight.
B000R4XHRC puma the sneaker it self is a good product just the width is very small needed to be  broken in. they run small
B000R4XHRC Three Stars Sending back too small
B000R4XHRC Nice sneakers A nice shoes but it runs a bit small. If your looking at this shoe choose the next size up that your accustomed to wearing
B000REX1DW Small sizes The shoes are great! Really good-looking shoes. The reason I rate a 4 instead of a 5, is that the shoe sizes run a bit small.
B000REX1DW Order 1/2 Size Larger Than Normal Speed Cat runs SMALL. Thankfully, I had time to readthe reviews before my purchase. Whatever your size maybe, they DO run SMALL and NARROWER than the listed sizes.I normally wear a 10.5D and the 11D fit just about right.If you have a WIDE foot, forget it! These are designed aftercar racing shoes worn in various types of racing (i.e. F1,Indy Car, Grand Prix, NASCAR,etc....)and not for a lot of walking.If you're not of normal proportions (read: FAT, HUSKY, REALLY OBESE)Don't fool yourself! You'll blow these shoes out like a ripe pieceof fruit after 30 steps.For those towards normal height and weight, they are ok.Practical? as in a everyday wear, no. More suited for casualwear, where you want something different other than a a hiking boot orbrown leather casual shoe. Quality is OK, considering far-east labor.Thin soled, no shock absorbing material as designed.Again, these were designed for use in a vehicle with positiveheel and toe feel. If you can live within these reasons, great shoe.If not, don't get them, now that you are informed..........
B000WS0LCM too big for my tastes doesn't look good on a woman's wrist in my opinion, I have small wrists and it just doesn't look right, might look better on someone with larger arms
B0012Q36GQ Runs small I wear a size 9 but not in these. Plus they have an annoying silk ribbon bow which is hard to see in the picture. I would constantly have to retie the bows. Too bad.
B0013KES18 Runs very small This shoe looks nice but it runs small and narrow. It was too tight on my son's foot who wears a size 1 or 1 1/2.
B0013VH7PQ Comfortable and look great.  Worth the price? I bought these in size 11.5 knowing they run small (I usually wear 11) and they were STILL too small.  I had to send them back and order 12's.  After that was sorted out, the shoes themselves are great!  I love how they look and they are very comfortable to wear.  They have a flexible sole and are very light.Cons: These shoes are not made for wet weather.  If you wear them in the rain your feet WILL get wet.  Also, they are fairly expensive.  I wouldn't have bought them without a gift certificate.
B0014DWEEC Very nice jacket but larger than expected I love the color and jacket is very light as I expected it to be. My only complaint is the size: I am 5.6' and relatively fit so I went for a small and it's at least 2-3 inches longer than it should be and also feels baggy. I suggest taking a size less than you would.
B001B51WGO A little small I thought the shoe was very cute, but I did have to return it because the size was too small.  When they mention to get a size larger than your regular size, it is true.  I usually wear a 7 1/2 shoe and ordered a 8, but it was too small.  So, at least go up one full shoe size when ordering these shoes.
B001B51WGO Love the Puma Shoes They are very comfortable.  Run small so order a whole size larger than what you normally wear.
B001B52YSO Sizes on the small side These are well-built shoes, but the sizing runs small.  I got a size ten, which I wear, but couldn't wear these unless I took out the laces and didn't wear socks.  Also, they don't have a lot of cushioning inside.  I gave them to a friend and he likes them, though.
B001B55JMC nice beautiful, but it fit a litller small, but are confortable and beautiful, i like it very much, the problem are a littler small for my
B001B57ZN8 Cute and Comfy - but runs small... These shoes are adorable and comfortable.  Just be aware they run about 1/2 size small.
B001B80T10 Love this shoe Very comfortable and stylish and goes with everything my daughter has...does run about a half size small.
B001B8HO40 a bit boxy in real This bag looks good on picture. But, it is a bit boxy in real. It makes me feel like carring a small pillow.
B001CHCTMC Nice shoes but run a little small I bought these shoes and they are very nice but they were to small so I had to return them. If you are a womens size 8 then you will want to get at least a half size bigger. Overall good shoes though.
B001CHCTMC I love my Puma Street Cats! I totally love these sneakers! They  do run small and I am glad I read the reviews and ordered a half size bigger. I am normally a  5 -5 1/2 and the 6 fit fine with room for thin socks.. Love the style, and are very comfotable.
B001CHCTMC Fit somewhat small but are very comfortable I bought this sneakers for my mom, she said me that they fit too small for the foot size of a person. When you put it, they feels a very comfortable inside.
B001CHCTMC Runs Small I've had my eye on this pair of sneaks for awhile. I love these shoes, but remember that they DO RUN SMALL and are narrow! Most would say a full size larger would do. I was able to fit into a half size larger, giving them a comfortable snug feel with room to stretch.
B001CHCTMC Great shoe, appears to run a tad small I typically buy shoes in a 6.5 but was told this runs small, thus bought the 7. It is still a bit small, have to wear thin socks otherwise my big toe gets cramped or my ankles rub on the back.  Overall a great classic from Puma!  Seller was prompt and communicated well with me, as I was hoping this shoe met the specs of an older version. Recommend the shoe (in 1 size larger than normal) and highly recommend the seller.
B001CHEPW4 too small Someone said the sizes run big. But these run small! I've been an 11.5 my whole life. And I've warn pumas my whole life. Suddenly 11.5 is too small for me.I don't think my feet have grown so be careful. I was really disappointed.
B001CHER90 Classic Puma Great looking shoe.  Runs a little small in size but not so much that I returned for a larger one.
B001CHER90 Old school pumas Great old school product. Fits small get a size bigger. Great price and they give you two pairs of laces.
B001CHG1YY Regular size runs small The shoes are well made, the suede is top drawer, but they run  a full size or more too small for my foot. That said, with the right size dialed in they are great.
B001CHG1YY Runs slightly narrow and slightly small I have a normal width size 10 foot and this shoe is a little tight and a little small. I hope they loosen up as I wear them. Love the look, though.
B001CHG1YY puma suede classi nice sneaker..suede is excellent. I take 11 and oredered 12 to perfect fit. Had tried them on in a store and they run a size small.
B001CHG1YY ... shoes are a1/2 size too small but will feel better with use I feel that the shoes are a1/2 size too small but will feel better with use. They look great.
B001CHG1YY Nice kicks They run small...but they will fit perfect in time...you just have to wear them...I plan on getting all the colors.
B001CHG1YY Shoe runs small The shoe runs small I would order a 12 next time. I like the quality and look of the shoe.
B001CHG1YY As Expected No surprises here. Good product. The one thing I could say, is that they were a little on the small side. I would consider ordering a half size bigger next time.
B001CHG1YY Nice These look great. They run a little small so I ordered accordingly. Cute sneakers -- wife loves them. What makes her happy makes me happy. Great price too!
B001E1EJ1U Run small Great shoe but the size runs small.  I wish exchanges were offered for this item vs. having to return and reorder.
B001E1EJ1U Kid's Pumas Unfortunately, these were too small for my daughter.  So I am in the process of returning them.  I have already reordered a larger size.
B001FA1R3I So cute but run small. These shoes are adorable but small.  I would get the next size up next time.
B001FFGNX2 Nice but they run very small. The socks are very nice but they run very small. I wear a size 9 (mostly) and I find myself having to pull them up often.
B001H0FFQG Ran at least two sizes too small Ordered these before a year ago but thie line has changed and these ran at least two sizes too small.
B001KW0FZ2 Cute shoe, but size seem to run small I thought this was a cute shoe for a little boy, but the size seemed run a bit small.  I did return it, but will order another one in the future now that I know which size to get.
B001KW0I36 Cute little shoe I ordered these for my 5 year old- she loves them.  They seem to run a little small- had to send them back for a 1/2 size up.
B001OOMUF4 awesome sneaker This is my first pair of Puma's and I really like them. I got the black/purple and I love the way they look. After reading other reviews that said the shoes ran small, I ordered a half size up and they fit great. So far, they seem very well made. I wouldn't hesitate to buy them again.
B001OON2BA Comfortable and cool but run small! I normally take a 9.5 US womens shoe. However I had to return them for a size 10 as my toes rubbed against the front a little and cramped. I should of known better tho as most Puma's run 1/2 size small.
B001OONB66 I don't get what all the hype is about ... I really don't. Everyone raves about how comfortable and stylish pumas are .. but these just haven't cut it for me. They're very cute, I'll give them that. But they run pretty small (get at least a half a size bigger) and they're not comfortable at all! I thought I just needed to break them in a few more times .. but nope! After wearing them a few more times I actually ended up with blisters. They have been sitting in my closet for about a year now.
B001QC2DNS Puma V1.08 FG Cleats red/black size 9.5 I have these in a 9.5 and overall its a good cleat. Its seems of good quality material, very light, good ball feel and nice and tight fit to your feet which gives you as powerful kick as you can have because there is not cushion zone. It does fit a little small im a normal 9.5 shoe size and these feel a little tight. The front of the shoe is plastic which when you kick with the front it hurts especially if the shoe is a little small on you. i only wore these once for 2 hours and i got blisters on my heels.UPDATE*These started to feel much better when i purchased a pair of sole inserts from famous footwear for $20. I still should've got them in a size 10.
B001QDEV1E SO NICE This pant are so confortable the material are the best qualityfit perfect I buy one small and is true the size little bit longbut that is easy to fix in general is perfect in every way .
B001VH7JZU Good but small I bought it to my sister but I made a mistake, I didn't choose the correct size. So, she didn't use and I'm not sure how good it is. I just can say that it looks a good product, I wish I can choose correct in the future
B001VH7Q5S didn't fit the sneaker was my husbands size,but was too small.  i need to return it
B001VKXHI0 Too small, bad finishing I bought this tennis and the material and finishind are too bad, the size didn't fit, I couldn't use it.
B001VKXHP8 Super cute, but run small These were very cute and comfortable.  They do though, run a bit small.  I always wear an 8-1/2 and these hurt my toes after some time.  So, I gave them to a friend.
B001VKXHP8 Really comfy These are so comfortable on my big old feet.  I can wear them all day with no problems.  They really cradle your feet & look awesome too.  I did have to buy a half size larger as they do run a little small but I love them!
B00266WSBA Runs small This is a cute shirt to wear to the gym or just around casually, but it runs really small.  I normally wear a medium, but a medium in this is really small.
B0029NYYJ4 simply Beautiful great purchase ever The size is small I wanted the big one but I love this one so much is more like a casual bag for the day and I love it for traveling on a plane ! great quality !!! The prime is a great deal I got my item in 2 days shipping. Very happy with it. however Amazon should expecified this is a small bag but still you can put a beach towel on it and get going !
B0029NZ7T0 Neat Backpack I just got this today. It seemed a little small at first but it's not that small really.I was able to fit my 15.6 inch lenovo laptop with a sleeve on.The design on the front is pretty neat, but it may not be as bright as it seems in the picture. (the cat)I'm happy with the purchase and the little accessory bag is just a bonus.For $35, just get it. I'm a puma fan and I just had to have it :)
B0029NZ844 A bit too small While the bag is extremely high quality, with a nice selection of pockets, it's a little too small to be useful as a gym bag.
B002C4KAJ8 nice shoes great looking, low profile shoes. a little small on size but it's pretty comfortable to use. leather's pretty nice smelling too. a not bad buy!
B002ECFBUQ Puma Voltaic II got a great deal on these Puma's!  I really like them, but keep in mind that they do run a little small.
B002EENI40 Loved but ran small... I purchased these for my husband and they were great! We both loved them. Unfortunately, they ran a half size small for him.
B002EL3KQE run small They're nice but run small. Need to order at least one size larger than size used. They also light up!
B002EL3KQE Great shoe but runs small I had to get a whole size bigger for my son.  But he loves them.  I would recommend this to anyone.
B002EL3KQE Comfy and simple The shoes are very comfortable to wear; however, they do run a little small so I recommend buying one size up. I would recommend them for purchase.
B002EL3KQE SEAHAWKS My son loves these shoes he had them in black before but they didn't have black in his size this time. They just happen to be Seahawk colors so that is great. Order one size up Puma runs a bit small. He runs around the house saying &#34;Go Seahawks&#34; The puma skeleton lights up as he walks and that's pretty rad too.
B002EL3KQE Great sneakers! But run 1 size small Great sneakers, lightweight, easy to put on, easy to clean, great bright colors. My son loves them! He wants to wear them all the time.However they run small. First we ordered 12.5 and 13 (both too small), then we ended up with size 1 - finally right size!
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes, lots of compliments. I ordered a size bigger than normal for my boy because he has had PUMA's in the past and I have noticed that they seem to run small.  He loves the fact the puma lights up on the side.  The shoes seem very well made, good and sturdy, I think he will definately out grow them before they go to he!!.
B002EL3KQE LOVE these shoes I ordered 2 pairs of these shoes and both kids adore them. They say they are very comfy and super cool. We had tried on some pumas at the store so we knew they ran small and ordred larger sizes. They are perfect
B002EL3KQE Runs very small. Really nice shoes but way too small. More like a size 6 than a 7. Had to return because of the size.
B002EL3KQE to small They are a very nice sneaker that my son likes very much but they turned out to be to small
B002EL3KQE extremely small if you child has any type of wide foot or its thick, this shoe is not for him, also go up a size in length too
B002EL3KQE Nice product and kids love it Sized well but maybe a bit on the small side for size but not a big deal.  Kids absolutely love the illuminescence.
B002EL3KQE Too Small Puma Speeder Illuminescent V Light-Up Sneaker to don't buy Too Small Puma Speeder Illuminescent V Light-Up Sneaker thru the internet. the size is too small ,,
B002EL3KQE Too small for my son My son usually fits 11 in puma, but these ones didn't fit, they were too small. They look very cool.
B002EL3KQE So cute, but a little small My son loves these shoes. They are ADORABLE. They might up but not so much that gets annoying. They do run smaller than other brands. Order a half size up
B002EL3KQE Good sneakers Very Nice sneakers and good price  just a little be small so I think it's better get a one number up !
B002EL3KQE samll sorry but they were to small ,hop one day you get them wader so they fit better thank for your time
B002EL3KQE too small and narrow for a boy They were to small! But in great shape. They just run small and narrow but cute.get a size bigger and its worth it!
B002EL3KQE Somewhat small The sneakers are amazing and has a good design, but its size is small if you compare with other brands.
B002EL3KQE Great! I know Puma is sizing small, so I ordered 1 size bigger and they fit perfectly. They look great and my son just loves them!
B002EL3KQE Too Small These were about .5 size too small. They also did not last very long. The sole started to detach from the rest of the shoe. Very disappointed for Puma.
B002EL3KQE Love the shoes! Very cool shoes, when my son walks the Puma lights up and it shows the skeleton of the Puma. The only thing is they seemed to run a bit on the small side so you might want to order a half size up
B002EL3KQE These are my sons favorite shoes! I wish they offered as many color ... These are my sons favorite shoes! I wish they offered as many color combinations as they used to, but this one is fine. These do run a but small, but nothing problematic. My son usually wears a 10-10.5, and these fit him in an 11. He wore his last pair until they were way too small, and the lights were still going.
B002EL3KQE Run small I bought these in a size 5 for my little one's feet and they were way too small. I ended up exchanging them for a size 7, which gave him a little room to grow. Other than that we love the shoes. Have held up well so far and are made of quality materials. We have also received several compliments on them.
B002EL3KQE My son loves it Super cute and My 2 year old loves the light up aspect to this product. Just order it a size bigger than normal, this shoe runs small.
B002EL3KQE Runs very small This show runs very small ... we have another brand sneaker that is a US 2 (kid) and this we ordered in size 3 and is about the same length...maybe even a little smaller.  We were looking for a true size 3 and had to send it back.
B002EL3KQE Very nice shoes The shoes are little stiff but they look awesome and good in quality. Just a word of caution: order a size bigger than the usual as these tend to run small.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes, run about one size small Great quality, great price.  Get compliments everywhere our little guy goes!One thing I would mention is that they run about one size small.  He was currently in 7's in two other shoes, we bought one size bigger thinking he would grow into it.  We tried them on and they were pretty much a perfect fit.
B002EL3KQE Small The shoes were adorable, my son loves them.  They run very small.  He normally wears a size 11 in other shoes.  I suggest getting a larger size.
B002EL3KQE Cool Shoes Very cute shoes.  They look great and my 2 year old loves the light up Puma.  I also bought a pair for my niece since they were so cute.  I do recommend buying a size bigger though since they do run a little small.
B002EL3KQE Awesome puma shoes!!! My 5 year old boy loves them! He also lives how the puna lights up! They do run a little small just light the adult pumas.
B002EL3KQE It's a tad small for sizing, recommended to buy 1 size up which I did, so there's still some room for growth! My son loves it! It's a tad small for sizing, recommended to buy 1 size up which I did, so there's still some room for growth! My son loves it!
B002EL3KQE Good Purchase I like the shoes, they are comfortable and look good. The only complaint is that they are difficult to get his feet into coz of the small opening.
B002EL3KQE great sneakers run small Both my kids 5 & 3 have a pair of these. They run small, so if your kids have wide feet may need to go up a whole size. These are hard to find in-store so buy online.  Spent 2 hours at the mall before giving up on finding the right size and ordered from amazon. Very durable, more so than my 5 year olds stride rites. Only complaint is the lights battery will give out around 4-5 months.
B002EL3KQE Too small Small and narrow for the size. Otherwise they looked very nice. Try one plus size than your actual size. Thk
B002EL3KQE Great shoes! My two year old son just loves these sneakers! I had to exchange for a larger size, I guess they run small? But they are awesome!
B002EL3KQE Runs VERY small We held these up next toy son's other size 11 shoes and they were a full inch shorter. Could they be mis-sized?
B002EL3KQE Great shoes I bought those shoes to my son who's 6. He loved them, he wants to wear them all the time. They look amazing but they run small. Get one size bigger so they'll fit perfect. I also ordered different colors!!
B002EL3KQE very cute but run 2 sizes small These are very cute and my son, 5 years old, loves to see the cat skeleton light up. They are unusual and I haven't seen anyone else at his school with them and he's very proud of that. :) They do run VERY small and narrow -- we had to order 2 sizes up -- and they are very stiff at first and seem to be made of cheap materials.
B002EL3KQE Love this shoe- but runs small! We love these shoes. Adore them. They're super cute and the cat/skeleton lighting up is so fun for my son (age 5) on an evening walk. The shoes run really small though - I had to return the first pair and order a full size up. We'd order these again - now that we have the right size, the fit is excellent, they're easy to put on, and they're holding up really well.
B002EL3KQE satisfied customer I like them but they run a lil small. I know to buy the next size up when ordering Puma brand.There was no way I could return them because my son was so amazed that he had light up shoes.
B002EL3KQE Very cute Cute shoes... the lights are very cool and my toddler loves them.  They run a little small and they're pretty stiff, but otherwise great shoes.
B002EL3KQE 3 year-old loves! I saw a previous review that the shoes ran small, however, they run TWO sizes small. Know this when ordering!Otherwise, they are well made, work perfecting and are responsibly packaged. Easy return & refund on first pair ordered (which were only one size larger). Wears 7 normally, needed a 9.
B002EL3KQE My son likes these shoes...but they seem to run a little small. We really like the PUMA shoes and my son likes that these light up.  They are a little snug, though, even though I bought them in a size bigger than he normally wears hoping to save them until later.
B002EL3LZE i love them These shoes fix just as expected. I order 1/2 a size bigger just in case they came small but they came normal. Great shoe.
B002EL3MCQ not the sice i asked for The sneakers are nice as i espected it, but the sice is wrong, instead of sice 8M we receive sice 7M, so they are too small.
B002EL3MCQ Run small! The shoes are adorable but run small so they don't fit the little guys feet.  I was sad they didn't work out.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes! These shoes are very sturdy and absolutely adorable for a toddler!  They do run a bit small so I recommend buying a size bigger than what you think you need.
B002EL3MCQ Bought for my niece and she loves it I purchased this product to complete an outfit and they are great. Got a size bigger since she is growing and PUMA tends to run small. They looked great and fit just right (a bit bigger since she is growing). They look great!
B002EL3MCQ Cute but no half size Adorable sturdy looking shoe, easy on off velcro, opens wide but... We tried an 9 and a 10 for my 3 yr old son. One was too big, the other too small and there are no half sizes until the bigger sizes. Hopefully we'll grow into Puma's cuz they're so cute... but for now, these had to go back.
B002EL3MCQ great shoe my child loves these shoes.  took a little to break in though.  i thought puma ran small but he is wearing his normal size
B002EL3MCQ Run very small Beware, these shoes run about a size smaller than you would expect. My son had just been measured at almost an 8 so that is what I ordered and I couldn't even get his foot into the shoe! Unfortunately we had to send them back; however, they appeared to be good quality and easy to get on and off.
B002EZZT00 Plum/Pink/Violet Color Love these shoes! They are super cute and I received several compliments on them. Order a half a size up though because like most Pumas they are cut small.
B002HEWV7C high quality track jacket Puma makes very high quality clothes and shoes that are sold in limited quantities in stores.  The beauty of finding it on line is that it was easier than shopping, and it was better than I thought it was going to be.  The sizing is great too, because a small is more like a small to medium, but not bulky.
B002KAOLGC no good Not comfortable at all.. one time use only:-( also fits to small.. my size is always accurate with any other shoe
B002KAOLGC Had to get use to how tight it was. Small at first, but all I needed to do was break them in. The sides were pinching my toes, yet they later on fitted to my feet.
B002KMIM6K Tee runs small This tee runs small.  I usually wear a women's medium.  So glad I bought the large.  Appears these tees were sized for teen girls.  Women should buy a size up.
B002LH4RMM Puma Jiya Athletic slide shoes THEY ARE SO TOTALLY COOL LOOKING.  Well made, too.  But (there's always a "but") they run a little small, so perhaps ordering a half size up is best.
B002LH4W1I Cute shoes Usually pumas run small for me but these are true to size.  I have small narrow feet though.  My mom has wider feet and they were too small for her.  I think these look better for a skinnier foot.  Anyway, I loved the blue and yellow colors.  It reminds me of a 70s shoe.
B002LVUZWO Good shoe, but runs small I love this shoe, but I can not wear a regular sock with it, because it runs small, and did not have half sizes, which would have made it perfect.  I either go without socks or wear a very thin one.  It is comfortable to wear for long periods of walking and running around.
B002ODEYE4 nice but small This item fits small but nice quality for the amount of well money I guess. Still good brand for boys
B002QEBOEE Great Casual Jacket I loved this jacket so much that I ordered the navy color as well.  I feel that it runs alittle on the small side though.
B002QHW5EO puma el rey very good they are a nice and good cuality shoes, i loved it.... my son haven't used it, because i buy them to small for thim.. thanks you
B002RT8FSG Good, but small is too small The look is great and the product is well made, just notice that when it says one size "small" it means small. Its tiny barely enough to hold anything. I use to to hold my indoor soccer shoes which is all that can fit.
B002RT8I0Q very small bought it for myself only to find that it was very very small indeed. ended up giving it to my nephew for christmas
B002RT8I0Q They do mean small. I realized they said "small" but I didn't know exactly how "small" it was. It's really small. I thought it was for a preschooler. Though cute, it wasn't for me. So, I had to return it.
B002SSUUN4 like it I like the shape of the shoes, just the size is  somewhat small. It is comfortbal to wear so far.
B002U0KV16 runs small the shoes are very good quality and look better than in the pictures. Great shoes for indoor and they provide good grip. These shoes do run very small and I actually had to return the first pair that I bought because they were too small so save yourself 5 bucks and buy at least one full size above what you normally would. Other than the sizing these are great shoes and would make good indoor shoes or casual shoes as well.
B002X0E16E great but small The shoe itself was nice... well made, durable design, sturdy sole.Ultimately i couldnt keep the item because the line of shoes ran extremly small.  I have 4pairs of pumas and wear a size 11 1/2 for them all.  This particular model runs small.  I ordered a 12 1/2 just to be safe and it was to small to even try on much less walk in.
B0030BFFIS good not great Shoe looks better than it fits.  A bit narrow and runs small for size.
B0030BFFIS Nice shoes but small Be careful when you choose the size. I am 6.5 but I like to buy sneakers for a 7. These, I got at 7.5 for the reviews and it seems ok, not big at all, even a little tight, but I don't think it will be a problem.I like the design and they are comfortable.
B0030BFH3Q Good looking shoes....but too small These are some stylish shoes, can't wait to wear them.  Had to return them for a size larger, so keep that in mind when you order yours.
B00361FQGS runs small I had to return because it was toooo small. I normally wear a small or medium. I ordered this in medium and it was still too small thru the shoulders-and I have small shoulders. But it was well made and I would have kept had it fit.
B0036HVQCA light and comfortable Fresh for exercise. But have no side pockets :( I'm 32 on waist and I ordered a small one but fits me a little tight ...
B0036HVQCA Normal Normal quality, normal design and normal price. The size is a bit too small so you should buy a larger one.
B0037KMPVW Cute, but runs small I'm so sad I had to return these, they were gorgeous! But I am a size 11, and the size 11 ran REALLY small. I had to squeeze my toes to make my foot fit. I really wish they ran larger.
B0039PTGB2 so cute and handy i use this as a diaper bag for my 2 kids and it really is so handy. small but roomy
B0039PTIZQ Looks really slick, but... I love PUMA, and this messenger bag does not dissapoint. It looks really nice, but it is a bit small. I use the bag for collegee, and sometimes I have trouble fitting all my stuff into it. Other than that small flaw, the design looks really slick.
B003BNY8QK Small strap I have big wrist (8-8.5 inches) and wrist strap of this watch is way to small.  I did not want to return it (because I like it) so I resorted to making a new hole to accomodate my wrist.  It works very well and picks up signal in the gym's threadmill (for the heart rate).  Overall a good buy but beware of the small strap.
B003EE7XGS Runs small but nice shoe... These shoes are very nice if you want the flat bottom as I was looking for. They do run about a half size too small. My daughter wears a Big Kid 2. I would have ordered up, but they did not have the size I needed.
B003EE7XGS nice....cute.. stylish....Runs Small Nice shoes really stylish n cute ....wayyyyyy too small....when I put this against a size 11 shoes my tot has its no different .... Get a bigger size
B003EE9O4W size matters this shoe is abit to small in toe area and would send back if she hadn't wore them I'll have to buy bigger pair, Thanks
B003EE9O4W Ok puma. Love the look. Great color. Very stylish. The only problem - they run very small. Very small all around. My son has a small narrow foot, very tiny feet. We ordered these a size larger. Oh well.
B003EE9O4W Niece love Sneaker but to small My niece loved the sneakers but they were to small she is a size 8. They seem to run small so we exchanged them for the next size of 9. They arrived and fit and she loved them,, Thank you for the fast turn around...
B003EE9O4W Four Stars Cute! But run small!
B003EE9O4W Fit too small Super cute shoes, but fit more like an 8 or smaller. Definitely not a 9. Would buy again in a larger size.
B003EE9O4W Very Cute Shoe My 4 year old son loves these shoes - they are a very bright blue and are easy for him to get on and off. They do run small so order up a size if you want growing room.
B003EE9O4W Too small It fits half size smaller than advertised. It made indentation on top of his foot. I wouldn't buy this product again.
B003EE9O4W Disappointed . Too small My son wears a 12.5-13. I thought he would have room to grow into these shoes for sure. Not at all, they were too small when we received them. Such a bummer. Got them from zappos instead for two sizes up since amazon didn't have them and free shipping.
B003EE9O4W Nice quality, run small They run small and I have to return. Well made and nice looking. It is hard to buy shoes without trying on first.
B003EE9O4W Love them! I love these shoes they are sooo cute!! I ordered puma before for my son and they seem to run a little small, as with this pair. No problem just 1/2 a size up if they come that way. These are really cute though!
B003EE9O4W small but easily exchangeable The shoes are adorable but they were too small.I just exchanged them for a larger size. I do think they run a little small compared to other toddler shoes and even other puma styles.
B003EE9O4W Were cute but too small These run small. I probably should have bought two sizes bigger. They were cute though. I would have reordered if they had the right size.
B003EE9O4W Very Cute but Runs Small My 2 year old wears a size 8 shoe and the 8s were too small on her.  I exchanged for a size 9 and they fit perfectly (I was worried they would be too big).  The shoes are very cute but keep in mind that they run a bit small.
B003EEBFI0 Extremely small The fit is ridiculously small. It is more than one full size too small from end to end. Also too narrow.
B003EEBFI0 too small to size The shoes are lovely, but they are too small to size and I have to return it : (
B003EEBGQQ Looks perfect but somewhat small It looks perfect, but somewhat small for me. My foot size is not bigger than 10. It's a pity. Z
B003EEBGS4 Had to return, too small I usually wear a 7 or 7.5.  I ordered the 7.5 and they were really small, so I returned them, paying $6 for shipping (I have prime so did not pay for shipping to my house)  I re-ordered a size 8, they were still too small!  They fit just like the 7.5!  I was worried they were mislabeled but no, I was indeed trying the size 8 on.  So I returned those, paying for return shipping AGAIN.  I didn't order another pair because I didn't want to deal with it anymore.  Basically I paid $12 total in shopping for no reason as I still have no new shoes.  I liked this style and I could not find it in stores so that's why I was ordering online.  I ended up going to DSW and getting another pair of Pumas that I don't like as well, but they fit perfectly.  And oh yeah, they're a 7.5.  Puma needs to work on quality control with sizes.
B003EEF57C Mostro I love puma Mostro. The Sneakers are divine but unfortunately slightly small for me.I was forced to sell them in order to get back the money invested.The size wasn't the number.
B003EEH7NM The shoe is good But it is small for my 2 years old son,my first time to buy kids product here,so I made a mistake
B003FZ9TYA Awesome Shoes Shoes run a bit small so go a half to a full size larger.  They fit your foot like a glove.  Not great for walking long distance but then again they are driving shoes.
B003FZFTA8 In Love I have been wanting these and they are everything I expected.  I enjoy them everyday.  I wear them to work then to the gym. I wear an 8 to 8 1/2 but in these I ordered a 9.  Puma runs small, unless my foot is starting to grow like a hobbit.
B003FZFTA8 WAY TOO SMALL! I always wear an 8 in PUMAs but these feel like a 7 or even 6.5. There was no receipt or ANY information on how I could exchange these. NO paperwork whatsoever.
B003FZGOC0 Puma running shoe I usually buy shoes size 9 or 9.5. I bought size 10, because Pumas usually run small. It was too small and the shoe itself seemed kind of hard and uncomfortable...Looked pretty though....
B003FZJWW4 size too small for 10 The product arrived in a timely manner and appears to made of good quality, however I have not worn it as the sizing is  small, I regularly wear a size 10 with other sneakers and this one fits small. It would have been helpful if there was a disclaimer that all sizes fit small and you should consider going up one size.  I am now returning this item as the seller does not carry this line and am hoping for a full refund.
B003FZJWW4 Great shoe but runs small!!! This a great shoe but runs small. I have a different puma sneaker and wear a 8.5 but with this one I had to go up to a 9.5. I guess it has to do with the slim form of this specific sneaker.
B003H6DC8G They were too small They fit my 9 and 10 year old great!! But I bought them for me. The size was right but too small!!
B003H6DC8G great for small feet These are my favorite workout socks. They are snug on my size 6s & the seams don't bother my toes.
B003LY4PFS too small order one size larger than you usually wear these run really small!!  Super cute shoes though and I really wish that they did fit :(
B003LY4U9O Great Racing Flat It's a great minimalist racing flat.  Pumas usually run small, but this shoe is true to size.  This and the Puma H-Street are great running shoes.  I'm never going to run in traditional trainers again.
B003LY4WGA Too small Purchased shoe because my old pair of pumas was too small at 10.5, they run too tight.  Ordered these as an 11 thinking that would help, wrong!  Seriously tiny, smaller than the 10.5s I had.  Very dissappointed.
B003MAJTAM Run a little small A friend recommended these to me through myList. They run a little bit small in the toe, so you probably want to get a half size bigger. Great shoe though!
B003MAJWCW It's ight I read that pumas run small so I got a 9,5 instead of a 9 it was too big so I put some stuff in the toe temperarally but I don't suggest going half of a size up
B003MAJWCW was not what she expecked i will seen them back for a refend. my wife dose not like them, they are way way to small.
B003MAJWCW puma runs larger than size This is a great shoe but runs large. Puma sizes start at 5.5. Very difficult to fit a small foot unless you go to the kids size 3.5.
B003MAJWCW shoes i have small feet and normally wear a 5 1/2 i bought a size 6 and it is quite tight, i hope it stretches and i can enjoy my new shoes.
B003MAJWCW Runs a bit small They fit a bit tight and are very thin.  The shoe laces feel like they will not hold up well.
B003MAJWCW Neat These are the first tennies I've ever owned that make my feet look small. Compact and comfy.Don't care much for the thin laces, but I can swap them out.I wear a size 9 usually but had to get these in 8.5 b/c the 9 was too big.All in all, good shoes. Very cute.
B003OE0LFI it's too small and too short and too Tight i think this item for childrenbecause it's too small and too short and too Tighti don't like it
B003R1QIQ4 Good, but not perfect I was looking for good socks for my son, and came across these here on Amazon. They served their purpose, but they were a bit smaller than I thought they should have been. I ordered the right size, but they were a bit small for my son's feet. He doesn't have large feet, they're average, so they should have fit perfectly. We were still able to use them, but I thought they fit a bit on the small side, so beware. Ordering a size larger should be just right.
B003R1QIQ4 For my lil athlete! Great socks to wear with sneakers, espeically if the sneakers are close to being outgrown.  They are thin and stay in place.  However, they tend to run small.  I ordered the 12-24M size for my 6 month old son and they "just" fit.  It's not like my son is big foot or anything, these socks just run very small.They do pair well with puma sneakers.  Makes for a stylish lil man.
B003R4ZOSO Great shoes. These are very comfortable and obviously very stylish.  They seem to run a little small.  Size 10 is usually perfect for me, but these were a little snug.  I broke them in soon enough.
B003RKO2F4 Puma Mens Singlet Very happy with the Puma vest. Apart from being a very affordable product, I loved the fit and the fabric of the singlet. Even though being in black it does not trap any heat within and is very breathable. Only wish there were more colors avaialble in "Small" size.
B003UBTVDI Very nice, but run small. I bought these for my best friend for her birthday, thinking they would be nice, but they were about 2 sizes too small, and she couldn't even get her heel inside the cleat. These are really nice looking, and sadly they just didn't fit.
B003UBTXHM Love the shoes but ran kind of small... These shoes were so freakin cute, my 3yr old wears a size 8.. so ordering a size 9, would give him room to grow but they were so small I couldnt get his feet in them! So sad!
B003Z6PXJY too tight and small 2 tight and small.... i ordered size xl ( 14- to  16 yrs ) to my niece, it was too small , so i give it to a friend daughter , she is 9 yrs and fits her
B003ZJCEXO Somewhat small The jacket fits and feels ok but I wish the arms were a tad longer. I am 5'11&#34; and the chest and waist fit fine.
B003ZJCEXO Very pleased This jacket fit a gentleman who weighs a small perfectly.  The red against the deep navy is very attractive.  Jacket seems well made.
B003ZW2FJO too small pockets it fits well but the pockets are too small and it is kind of hot fabric for a training pant
B003ZW2FJO Bumpin' Around These pants are great for bumpin' around town on the weekends.  The openings for the pockets are a little small for normal size hands but overall these seem like a decent quality product.  Go Puma!
B003ZW2FJO Puma Apparel Men's Heroes T7 Track Pants, New Navy, Small I ordered it for a gift. Following advises from reviews, I ordered size small. It feets my nephew perfect. It looks good, quality is good. Service was very good. I was very satisfied.
B003ZW2FJO If you're a "Medium", order "Small". I'm a 34&#34;W 32&#34; Inseam and based on a previous purchase of medium, I felt like I was wearing a &#34;large&#34;.  Since I bought the jacket and pants as a set on clearance at a local outlet store, I sold the pants on eBay and purchased a small here.  The small fits perfectly.
B003ZZ1CY0 Ilikeit Good product. Simple instructions. Fits really well. Display is a good size, not too big not too small. Easy to adjust time and date.
B003ZZ3E46 Puma Traction Watch Good looks, good function. Use when running. But the band is very small and barely goes around what I always thought were my small wrists. Plus not very flexible.
B0040V5UNC Runs Small Order a size bigger since it runs small. But otherwise, a great shirt and the material is soft and thick.
B0041D8KDQ Good The size is too small.I was expecting something bigger.Well, my falt, since the dimensions were there.Regards,Jair
B0042AMXIG cute but run small i really liked these but they ran kind of small. You'll probably have to wear really thin socks with them.
B0042ANKT2 puma sleeping bag sneakers This is very good and comfortable sneakers, but fits small... If your size is 8, more likely you have to get size 8.5 or even 9... No one tells you this, but on Nordstrom site you can find a review about this product..Shipping was fast, even with standard rate.
B0042ANR18 too small this shoe was too small the color wasn't the same i don't recommend to any one to touch it it was awful nooo way
B0042ANRS6 Really nice but runs small so beware Very comfortable. I usually wear a size smaller but Puma tends to run small so I had to get the larger size.
B00439GCEM Runs slightly small They are a nice looking pair of shoes. They are lightweight and give good support. They do run slightly small.
B00439GCEM ;-( For some reason they are too small, size is different than it supposed to be. I bought puma shoes before and it was size 8 right know i buy 8.5 and they are too small. Quality ok but sizing is different than in a store.
B00439GCEM Great shoe if you keep it tight I love these shoes, and found them through a recommendation on myList on Facebook. I have been wearing them for awhile now, and they are really comfortable. Get a half size bigger if you are unsure, they tend to run small in some styles.
B00439GCEM A little small I usually wear size 6, for this item 6 is too small i had to find size 7 in another site
B00439GCEM No small feat.. This is my third time buying these shoes, there's that great.  One pair wore out, the other my dog got a hold of.  But!  I wear a size 11 and these shoes make my feet look small.  Plus they're cute! Would recommend.
B00439GCEM I like it but runs small It is an absolutly good quality sneaker but runs small, I use size 8 in every shoes but this runs like 0.5 size smaller.Maybe this is not a problem when talking about other kind of shoes, but we use to wear sneaker with socks so... 0.5 size less really cares.
B00439GCEM MMmmm... It wasn't what I expected ... It is a little to big for my feet , and I order 'em half size small . For the purpose I get them which is running, they are good, very light ,comfortable .  But NOT for a walk with these tennis shoes, they are terrible and you will feel like a ballerina, unless you are one this is just fine.
B00439GCEM cute & comfy These shoes are very comfortable and run true to size. I usually wear between an 8.5 and a 9 and the 8.5 fits perfectly. Perhaps my favorite thing is that they make my feet look small. Would definitely buy again.
B00439GCEM Great shoes, very comfy Great shoes, thin, stylish, and very comfy. I don't use them to run but just to work in lab, and they are good for the job. I heard some reviews that Puma runs small, so I ordered both a 6.5 and a 7 (I am usually a 6.5) and the 6.5 fits me perfectly while the 7 is too long for me. The reason I give it a 4 star is because I cannot slip them on like my Northface sneakers. The lace is not a good quality, and the sole is somewhat slippery. But overall, good shoes.
B004DKPPR6 Toe box is WAAAAY too big. I ordered a size 8, which is considered small for me, I usually run 8.5-9.Returned :/ The materials were very good and I bought them for about 30 bucks, seemed like a good deal...nope. Horrible fit.
B004DKUABW Nice shoes The puma shoes are beautiful, love the color.  The material is more than expect it.  Excellent material and resistant to weather changes.  It fit somewhat small so I recommend that choose a one bigger size.  Even this, there are comfortable.
B004FV5KSC big There's really not anything wrong with these track besides that they fit a size bigger I got a small and they fit like a medium, other than that good pants
B004GB0T7S Too Small Outstanding shoe, but returned because they were too small.  That is the problem with buying shoes online, it is sometimes a bit of a hassle; however, Amazon makes it easy and takes almost all the hassle out of the process.  Replacement fits perfectly - please see my other review on this fantastic shoe.
B004GB0WFC Very Small fit! I normally wear a size 7 or 7 1/2. I bought these shoes in a 7 1/2 just in case they were a bit tight. These are a very small fitting shoe, I should have got an 8, they are much smaller than standard fitting shoes. I doubt they will stretch because they are a syntheic material. I recommend going one size up if you are going to purchase this item.
B004GB0WFC So small and narrow! Pumas definitely run small!  I wear an 8.5 but have to order at least a 9.5 for all Pumas, and those are a little snug in spots.  These particular shoes are not only small but narrow throughout and they don't stretch at all.  They are comfortable and durable otherwise but they make my toes hurt because they're too small so I'm getting a larger size.
B004GB10LC Run small It is comfortable but run small. I usually buy a 7.5 and fits good but this one its to tight, I have to returned it.
B004GB11O8 I feel uncomfort wearing this,This is a bit small. cool shoes ,nice color but it is small.I cannot even gift it to anybody as i dont know anyone with that size.
B004GB11O8 These run small You have to order a larger size than normal.
B004GB11O8 Very Comfy Fits great and I feel good wearing them. I needed a shoe wear I could feel comfy and not tight or too small.
B004GB11Z2 Buyer beware, size runs way small. Shoe way too small.  Product undersized from what was represented on line.  I returned them and will not purchase again.
B004GB1242 This sneaker is extremely comfortable wearing. but it runs small looks like it runs about a half inch too small....and if you decide to wash them, they will shrink...i recomend a half size bigger, your feet will thank you... i own this one in 9 1/2 and 3 others in size 10.
B004GB1242 nice shoes Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas. He really likes them. They run a bit small and the toe grips come up so walking on carpet can be tricky. Other than that, they're great.
B004GB13IM Ok sneaker This sneaker looks good for casual wear. They are soft and unstructured which probably prevents them from being used for serious sports wear. It was delivered promptly and well packed. I found these sneakers to run small and I could not wear them. They felt about a half to full size below my regular shoe. Thankfully, my son was able to wear them making the purchase worthwhile overall.
B004GB14HM Good Looking, but... This is a really great looking shoe, but it runs a bit small. May want to order a half-size larger or order REALLY thin socks.
B004GB1A8U Great shoes Great puma's especially for the price! Love saving money, plan on buying a half size bigger, they run a bit small.
B004GB1A8U Elegant and subtle but a little uncomfortable. I bought this sneakers for my mom, she said me that they fit a little small for the foot size of a person. When you put it, they feels a little bad manufactured.
B004GB1O54 Run small like all puma items These are cute and comfy. I love them and wear whenever I get a chance. Watch the sizing these run small but I'm not surprised by that cause ALL puma items run small.
B004GCJS7Y Best gym bag I've had in 20 years! Super cute, many compartments, fits beautifully in small lockers, has a little loop to attach my Masterlock & I feel great carrying it into stores on my way to & from the gym because it's small & stylish.  So glad I bought it!
B004GEATZ2 Too tight Though my son wears a size 12, those shoes are too tight and uncomfortable looks great but too small for him.
B004GEATZ2 runs small These ran pretty small.  My son is in a toddler 9 and these were almost too small when we got them.
B004GNQIOE Nice but small I ordered a half size larger based on previous reviews but they're still a little small, I'd recommend a full size larger if your feet are a little wide.
B004I6C730 Great shoes! I read reviews that they ran small so  I order a larger size  than I usually take and they fit great!  Very pleased.
B004J4XNCU Made small these are okay for the price, made very small, order a size larger. I would look for a better pair of shoes even if i had to pay a higher price.
B004J4XNNO Great! Great and useful puma shoes , comfortable, run small im size 9 and I got a 9.5. I recommend it.
B004J4XNNO great shoe Comfy, runs a bit small. I ordered half size larger & it fits great for a wide foot. Light weight, good travel & Everyday she
B004J4XNNO Nice! Nice shoes, really flats and comfortable... but size too small... I own other puma shoes and they were fine, but this model was smaller than I expected.
B004J4XNNO looks great but runs small I love this shoe... super comfy and I love the black/grey coloring. But it definitely runs a little on the small-side.
B004J4XNNO Great sporty flat Very cute comfy shoe. Takes about 2 weeks to really break in. I got a size 8.5 and it was a little small but it stretches out a lot so now they fit perfectly.
B004J4XNNO Runs small Would have been a great shoe but the 8.5 fit like a 7.5. Would have been nice to know before ordering.
B004J4XNNO so comfy, but runs a little small I wear a 7.5 in almost everything, but these 7.5 were short.  I had a pair of these previously (I guess an 8 - the size isn't visible anymore) and wore them out because they were so comfy and so versatile - goes casual with jeans and pretty much any top you like, whether more toward going out or going to the sidelines.  Highly recommend, but size up if in doubt.
B004J4XNNO too tight Oh, I wanted to keep these.  So pretty, so cute.  But too small.  Even though a 10 1/2 should fit me and certainly a size 11, these were too small in size 11.
B004J4XT4C fit is small awesome styling but my size 9 ran small in width and length so I returned
B004JF5T3K Run small Awesome shoes except I had to exchange them for a size bigger since they run a bit small. Very comfortable shoes  though.
B004M4DBGA So cute! These golf shoes are so cute and run true to size.  I am not sure what the other person is talking about that they run really small.  I think Pumas in general are designed for skinnier feet.  I usually take an 8 or 8.5 and an 8 fit me just fine.
B004M6GF6Q good but not whoo I like the shape but the case diameter is small a little bit any way it is a gift  nice
B004PPUT4S Run small Not a bad construction, leather is soft but they are running narrow and one size smaller. I own another pair of retro Nike kicks and they fit fine so I assume that sizing is wrong with this model.
B004RLOXA6 Kind of disappointed... Ordered the shoes. They came quickly, but were too small and uncomfortable. I wear a size 9 and that is what I ordered, but these must run small.
B004S08HE4 Not the right solution Very big.Too long.Very thin material.More like a very baggy adult small.Returning to Amazon  in a few dats after I re-energize.
B004S08HE4 nice quality I bought this for my 9 year old who is average to small in size. The medium should have fit but it is a little big on the waist and right length. He has a small waist so not surprised.
B004S08OSI Love them!!!! I love them!  I was sick of dull coloured gym gear but these are fantastic.  I would have given them a 5, but just found them a bit bigger than what I thought they would be.  I am used to Australian sizing and am a size 8 - so I would suggest if you can, going for extra small.  I have ordered another colour in the extra small and should receive them soon!!!!!  I wear them to gym and they are particularly good for Zumba!
B004SGU4VM Purrrfect! Though it runs a bit small (as every Puma shoes I know, so I ordered 1 size bigger) it's perfect and fits snuggly his feet! Only good comments from everyone who sees them! They all want to buy the same for their kids! Fast shipping!
B004SKQTGW Held up well My daughter wore these shoes all last year for school and they held up very well. They do tend to run a little small so I ordered a  1/2 size bigger than she would normally wear.
B004SUANZU Runs very small These seem well made, but even though I bought a half-size larger than what I usually wear, they're still too small.  Back they go.
B004SUANZU Great shoes Great shoes...Were too small for my son so I sold them toma friend here in Brazil and everybody wants them
B004SUANZU Too small Runs small and narrow.  By the time I was ready to return, good color options were gone.  Easy to return though.
B004SUANZU Toebox too small for the Mens size the toebox is too small and narrow, would not purchase these again, will look at Nike
B004SUANZU Beautiful Kicks Bought these in grey/insignia blue. Beautiful, and I'll probably be back for other colors. For some reason, Puma's sneakers always seem to run a bit small for me. I'm ordinarily an 11, but bought these in 11.5 based on other reviews indicating that they run small, and also on previous experience with the brand. The 11.5s fit me perfectly, and they don't really look any bigger than my usual 11's (been an Adidas man forever)... Don't know if it's just Puma's way of doing things, or I have weird alien feet. Either way, they're very comfortable and look great with jeans or khakis.
B004SUANZU Unusually too small the Pumas were a bit too small.  Strange, because other Pumas of this size have always fit me.  Maybe new factory. Exchanged for 1/2 size larger!
B004SUANZU Too small This item was very tight. Ordered a replacement a full size larger because the original was so small. Bigger size was so large my boyfriend, who wears 3 sizes larger than me, could get his foot in it - though it was to tight for him to actually wear. I love these shoes, but am not willing to try replacing again. They are very nice quality and I am truly sad that I won't be wearing them.
B004SUANZU Does run smaller than true size First of all, I love these shoes.  I would basically compare them to the Adidas version of the Samba, except in suede. I had heard that the Liga tends to runs small, and I thought I would err on the safe side and order a half size up from my normal mens 9.  The 9 1/2's arrived and once tried on, I was glad I took the advice of some other Liga Buyers. I really think the 9 would have been too small. Puma buyers should also note that most Puma styles will run a little narrow, so if you have toasters for feet, Puma may not be the shoe for you. Anyhow, I bought the Navy/white, and they look great worn casually with a pair of jeans.  Great pair of Kicks!
B004SUANZU Size runs SMALL I wish I had read the other reviews in detail.****These sneakers definitely run small!!!****I am usually a size 7 womens / 5 mens, so I ordered the 5.It was too small.I exchanged for a 5.5 and it's still too small - I don't even feel a difference.Totally unable to wear them without losing my big toes.I would agree with a previous post about going up 1.5 sizes.
B004SWY5UC Runs small Nice shoe but runs at least a half size small. I have another pair of Pumas in the same size and they fit fine. These have not loosened up after being worn a few times so I'll just have to give them away.
B004TLC9EQ Just Fab I found these Puma sandals to be extremely comfortable and very cute. Definitely run small so order at least a half size bigger.
B004WLEF6S Fits too small I bought them and they are beautiful, but not for the older crowd. They are flat and feel like you are walking on cememnt. very similar to the Converse All star. For kids I am sure they are fine, but for me at 50...my feet and knees hurt, besides being too small, and narrow.
B004ZIP5GW Puma I'm fond of Puma shoes and these are no exception.  The only fault is that they tend to run a little small.
B004ZIP5GW not comfortable but looks great stylish and look terrific but not a great running shoe. The sizing also runs small, they barely fit.... I would not buy these again
B004ZIP5GW Too Small and far too Narrow Be sure to order a size and a half up or you too will be disappointed. Sorry, I'm not going to wear an 11 when normally I wear 9.5. Nice deign though.
B004ZIP5GW Good shoes They are good and comfortable. Good quality and plenty of support. I think the size run about a half a size small though. Overall good product and worth the but.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe, Runs Small, so order big! Love the color. love the style. Love how it came two days earlier than expected.  I should have take the advice under the comments. They run very small. You really do need to order shoes a size and one half larger than your normal size. I missed out because I failed to do this.
B004ZIPVIE Looks good runs small order one size up! my toes are all turned black and painful because when i run there is pressure on my toes! it runs very small!!! but it looks great i got lotta compliment wearing this!
B004ZIT63U Beautiful shoes! We purchased these running shoes for our 9-year old son, but they were too small.  Very nice looking, so we're returning them for a larger size.  Besides, they're Puma brand for a good price, so you really can't go wrong.
B004ZIT63U Run small Sneaker looks nice, but WAY too small. Ordered 1/2 size up like other reviews recommended, but my 8-year old was busting out of the 2.5, She wears a size 2.0 Nike, returning these for a 3.5.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe Even looks better than the picture.  Colors are rich and vibrant.  Do buy 1 size larger as they do size small.
B004ZIT63U cute but runs way too small Me and my little one both liked these shoes , but when they arrived he put them on and they fit like a size 3 instead of a 4.5.
B004ZIT63U Cute sneakers but... These are cute for boys, but do run a little small.  I would recommend ordering at least 1/2 size bigger than normal.
B004ZIT63U adorable shoe, runs small once again puma makes a great shoe unfortunately the size runs a bit took small. buy the next size up
B004ZIT63U Too small They were just too small for my sons foot. They must run smaller than most shoes because I bought a size up from what he normally wears.
B004ZIT63U To small Shows don't look anything like on pictures! Size are wrong! Not happy with them at all! Had to return them !
B004ZIT63U So fun and Bright but WAY TO SMALL My son loved the look of these shoes immediately. It was too bad they were so small... and the next size up was sold out...
B004ZIT63U super cute These are super cute but the run small definitely get a half size up. My daughter love them but we had to return.
B004ZIT63U Slightly small fit, maybe by a half size or so... Well made shoe. They appear to run a little small. Had to send a size 4 back for a 4.5. 4.5 was a perfect fit for my son. He loves them. They have nice laces, that stay tied.
B004ZIT63U Awesome! These shoes are AWESOME! We got the blue ones & they are colorful and my 8 yr. old son LOVES them! Beware, they run pretty small. He was wearing a 4 1/2 in Vans but I had to order him a 5 1/2 in the Puma's. I'd say allow yourself at least 1/2 to 1 size bigger than you normally wear.
B004ZIT63U Too small Run very small.  Look great but just not happy with purchase.  Not able to get same price upon return wish I could
B004ZIT63U Too small, nice shoes The only problem is that puma runs too small, so you'll have to by a bigger size. Love the color... Nice shoes
B004ZIT63U Runs small? I love the style of this shoe and my daughter was very excited about it, but it appears they run too small.  She wears size 1-1.5, so I ordered 1.5 in this shoe, but had to exchange it for a 1/2 size larger.
B004ZIT63U Most worn shoes My DD loves these sneakers! They are sleek and light. She got them in teal and pink, which I thought would be a terrible choice, but they actually look very nice. She wears them to school almost every day. I would say they do run about 1/2 size too small.
B004ZIT63U loving the colours I order these in pink with green for my 9 year old daughter who plays tennis. Decided to order the light with dark blue and they were a lil small which i took in the same size.. Strange still are a pretty colour and sneaker.
B004ZIT63U A little small We are quite happy with the shoe, however it does run 1/2 to 1 size small and therefore I have given it the 3 stars. My daughter loves it otherwise.
B004ZIT63U Loved shoes but too small My son loves this shoes but they run small.... He wears a 3.5 and I ended up ordering a 4.5
B004ZITHZC great sneaker This is the second pair of  this sneaker we've ordered. My son outgrew the first and requested the same ones in another fun color. They run a tad on the small side so I'd size up if you're debating between two sizes.
B004ZITHZC Runs small This Puma kids shoe runs small in length and width.  We had to return this shoe due to the fit.
B004ZITHZC Too small for size I have to send these back they are way to small for my baby. However they look really nice and I wouldn't mind getting them in a bigger size!
B004ZITHZC Great looking runs small These shoes are great looking. I can tell they are a quality shoe but they run really small. I got them for my son and ended up giving them to a friends kid. I will have to reorder a bigger size for my son.
B004ZITHZC Run small These shoes run small & with the elastic band ontop, it hurt our daughters feet. Good shoe minus those 2 things
B004ZITHZC I think they look great but runa little small for kids with wider feet. The sneaker itself looks great but for a child with that chunkier foot it's quite difficult to get on and I think they run a little bit small as I have found with most puma's for kids
B004ZITHZC Love them, but they run small Great shoe. Colors are as shown in picture unlike some that are off just a bit. I do suggest ordering a size up.
B004ZITHZC like the look, fit small ordered kids size 2 which is what my 7yr old wears and the were a full size too small, the shoes fit smaller thansize indicated.
B004ZITHZC too short runs small great shoe but too small for my grandson. wonder why all other styles fit my grandson but not this one?
B004ZITHZC Fits a little tight. Love the colors and style. The fit was too small. Had to exhange for another brand because the next size was not available in the colors we wanted when I was doing the exchange.
B004ZITHZC Like the shoe, but sizes run small My son loved the shoes, but when he put them on they were to tight. He wears a 1 normally, will be returning but only to get the next size up.
B004ZITHZC A little small but high quality Although the siZe was a little small, the product is perfect, the quality and the design of the shoe are great.
B004ZITHZC Nice, but sizing is a bit small I read the reviews before buying this shoe and did order a size bigger than what my son normally wears. However, it still fit him exact.My advice to other shoppers is to buy 2 sizes up than what your kid normally wears.
B004ZITHZC Nice shoe but runs Way WAY small Shoe looks really good but was way too small even though I ordered a size larger that he normally wears.  If your child has a very narrow foot and low arches then it may work for you but for us, it wasn't even close.
B004ZITHZC Bulky and sized small I ordered up a size and a half to give my fast growing sprout room to wiggle, but it wasn't enough. The previous reviews said to order a size up because they run small but it wasn't enough for us. They also appear to be low profile but they were very wide shoes.
B004ZITHZC Run small The shoes run very small. My son is a size 9 in most shoes and these are very narrow and could not even slid foot into shoe. Shoe itself is great just beware they run small.
B004ZITHZC Very nice show Bought it for a 6 year old and fits well. It looks very nice. One small complaint would be that the strap doesnt come all the way till the end of the velcro (leaving some of it exposed).
B004ZITHZC nice sneaker Nice Sneaker My Son Loves It But They Run Alitte Small. AllOf His Other Shoes Are 12 But This 12 Was A Little Small. Had To ExchAnge For  A 13.
B004ZITHZC Runs very small They are on the very small size, even for pumas. They are cute shoes, but very frustrating that they are this way.
B004ZITHZC WAY too small I ended up keeping these as I have a little one, who one day may fit into them, but all else concidered order a couple sizes up.
B004ZITHZC Great Looking-Too Small My son has very wide feet and this shoe does not come in widths.  It was so cute I thought I'd give it a shot.  All the other reviews recommended sizing up from normal size.  Even doing so, still too small.  Wish it came in widths!!!! Had to send them back.
B004ZITHZC Good things come in small sizes Nice looking shoe.  Easy to strap on. They run 1 size small. I hope they last at least 2 months.
B004ZITHZC Good afternoon The shoes are really nice . The problem is , are too small . I can' t do nothig with them . Im sad for that
B004ZITJJQ BEAUTIFUL SHOES...RUN LITTLE SMALL Daughter loved these shoes, but they run small in my opinion, so they have been sent back!  Another pair I ordered, NB KJ750 fit perfectly, same size.
B004ZIVGH4 Pumas I looked very nice, fabric seems resistant and appropriate - sizes comes very small - so order a number bigger (ex:we ordered a 9 but needed probably a 9.5 or 10
B004ZIWJL6 Cute! Love these on my 4 year old. I will say that they are narrow and run small so order up a whole size!
B005030WZU Good quality shoes My daughter loves her Pumas. They do run a little small though so we usually purchase them 1/2 - 1 size larger.Stylish and comfortable.
B00504CT5U run small I love them, but order a half size up. I am normally a 7.5 had to get an 8. They feel great and are cute, got lots of compliments.
B0050U20TY Runs small but LOVE THEM!! My daughter is an 8.5 and I needed a 10. Bought a 9 and had to exchange them. But love them!!! They have really lasted well.
B0050U210C Fits VERY small These are nice looking shoes and my son loves them, but they run very small.  He currently wears an 11 so I ordered a 12.5 to fit him for the coming year.  The 12.5 were too tight and when compared to the shoes (including other pumas) he already has, they seemed to be closer to a 10.5 than 12.5.  I would suggest ordering at least 1 to 2 sizes larger.
B0050U7C8I Great Shoes! A little small though The shoes looked great and my daughter loved them. They do seem to run on the small side however.I returned the size 5 and received a size 5.5 in return.
B0050UGDJC Runs small Very cute sneaker with nice colors and lights up nicely. Unfortunately, the shoe runs small. My daughter wears a size 2.5 and i bought a size 3, only to find that it's still too small. I had to exchange it for a 3.5. make sure you buy at least a full size bigger.
B00517MAKK small than usual I totally bought 3 pairs of these shoes, trying to give them as presents to my son and my son's friends. But they are not the normal size as the descprition. It is so compliacted to return them back. I have to give them to others.It is not a happy experience.
B00517MAKK It runs small These shoes run small.  Both of my kids have to wear one and half size up.  Otherwise it's comfortable and gives good support.
B0051TJZTM Cute but small These shoes are really cute but seem small for the size ordered. They are also kind of hard to put on, but that could be because of the size. Once they are on, they are cute and my 2-year-old hasn't complained!
B0053A2M3A Stylish, affordable, and durable Stylish shoes for an excellent price. Bought them weeks ago and they are holding up great and are very comfortable. Be sure to buy a 1/2 size larger as Pumas often run small.
B0053VMJ2I Nice pants but the sizing is off These are nice pants. The material and the style are great. But the sizing is strange. I normally wear size medium (30Wx32L) but for these pants even size small were too wide and long for me. So, unfortunately, I had to return them.
B005437PAG shoes run really small Shoes look great and arrived super fast, but they run a full size too small.  Would recommend ordering a size bigger than you usually wear.  We had to return them.
B0054D2TIE Nice shoes for rugby These are great cleats and I get many compliments when I wear them. The only complaint that I have is that they ran a bit small and I had to return them and get ones that were half a size bigger.
B005543Z5S love the slightly small shoes although i love the look of these shoes, the next size up was not available, so i ordered these hoping they would work.  just barely.  look great though!
B005552422 nice but too small I have other puma sneakers so I ordered the same size but they were too small... have too buy another pair half a size bigger at least
B0056YRCTW comfy but runs small great leather shoe with a solid, well-built feel, but order at least a half size larger. good for wider feet.
B0057DPSQG PUMA THE FIT IS A LITTLE SMALL BUT THEY ARE GOOD
B0057DPSQG Not a true small They look great in the pictures that are on the Amazon listing, but once I got these boxerbriefs and opened the plastic pack they came in I realized instantly that they were way too big to be called "small".I will start off by saying that nearly every set of boxers or boxerbriefs in size small that I've purchased in the past have fit almost perfect. But not these.I will elaborate. First off, they are longer than they look in the picture, extending down my legs about 3.5 inches. The waist ban extends upward a bit farther than I would like as well, but not as out of proportion as the legs.Another thing about the legs is that they are not form fitting! They fit baggy on my legs with plenty of room around the bottom of the legs, which give it a "bell" look to them. Kind of like bell bottom pants.Next would be the crotch area, it is too far down, or rather, the only way to get any support in the crotch area would be to pull the waist band on so high that the waistband ends up over your belly button which would look and feel ridiculous.I guess if you add all of that together, it just means that they are very much oversized for what they are. They are easily a medium, not a small, and thus, I'm not going to even bother wearing these. Will have to see who I can give them away to.If you wear a true small like I do, so like waist size 28 to 32, I wouldn't recommend these to you. Its like wearing a pair of baggy boxers lol. Unless you are fat, then these might fit you.If however you wear a waist size 32 to 34 these may fit you just right if you are looking for form fitting like I was. So it's what would normally be a size medium.If these had been a true small, I probably would have been pretty happy with them. Disappointed.
B0057DPSQG what a disappointment I have purchased products from Puma in the pass but this one is worhtless. The size states small but the fit feels large. The material is cheap. I buy sports underwear due to my activity load and these guys didn't make the cut. I am dissapointed and would not recommend this product.
B0058XEE88 Daughter MY 7th grade daughter runs track and I had a hard time buying track shoes for her. Her standard shoe size is a 6, when buying track shoes, they apparently all run small. Once i figured that out, we bought an 8 in these and they fit perfect
B0058XEE88 Small size Send me the shoes I find that there is very little, And even worse, Do not have a metal fingers, I was punished, I was expecting better, and they deceived me..
B0058XEE88 My teenager was EXCITED My teen loved these as part of her christmas. They run a little small so glad that we got the size that we did. Very nice. Will consider these again the next time we have to purchase track shoes.
B0058XEEHE Great shoe, runs small Loved the shoes, but they were at least a size too small!  I always wear 11's, and I couldn't even get my feet in these size 11.
B0058XF1V2 Article bit high and is a bit small Article bit high and is a bit small, is nice but uncomfortable for fast sawing paea not big foot, thanks bye
B0058XF1V2 It was too small I had to change them The shoes were 100% Ok but a little bit too small so I had to send them back, it was not a problem I got the refund
B0058XF60I Pumas Run Small Most Pumas including this model of Trailfox runs small so size up 1/2.  Great mid range trail runner/hiker with neon accents for low light visibility. Need I say more?
B0058XF6Q2 Great Shoes The shoes are perfect. Well made, look great. I even bought my 2 year old niece a pink pair to match. My only issue was that I originally ordered a 9.5 and they were to small. So I exchanged them for the 10.5 and they fit great. So I think the sizes run a little small.
B0058XFP4A PUMA Men's Cell Turin Running Shoe, White/Black/High Risk Red, 9 D US Great Puma shoe for my son.  I know that Puma runs small and ordered it 1 1/2 sizes larger.  A perfect fit if you know they do run small.
B0058XFP86 Puma OSU The product arrived very fast to Puerto Rico. Its in a good conditions. But the tennis are too stretch or small.'Thanks
B0058XFP86 Nice item... They look very nice. They look nice, a little small but not too bad. I like them I hope they last a good time.
B0058XFP86 Nice this shoes look very nice. I love it. the size was small somewhat but that did not stop me from using it.
B0058XFP86 Good shoe The only thing I didn't like about this shoe was the size seemed to run a little small. I normally wear an 11 but that was too small. Well built, feels great on your foot and has a good sole. You should get plenty of use, even if you're hard on shoes like me.
B0058XFP86 Easy on, easy off, and fits perfectly I ordered 1/2 size larger since some reviews said Pumas run a little small, and they are perfect. I like the ease of putting on and taking off these shoes...not having to mess with laces. Good cushioning and comfortable fit. They are very new so i assume the fit will only get better. I like them a lot.
B0058XFP86 I like it, but it was too small. I liked the shoes but they were too small, I have returned the ones I ordered and I am currently waiting for the new ones. It is a good shoe by a trusted name.
B0058XFXA6 Love this shoe I've had my last pair of NuMostros for over five years.  I was looking for a replacement and found the Mostro line.  Extremely comfortable, easy to put on, take off and they look really good.  These run small for me so I ordered a 12 where I would normally order an 11 or 11.5.
B0058XG1CA love them I absolutely love these sandals. I wear them every chance I get. They're comfortable, although they run a little small.
B0058XG1CA puma nice but fit is too small... like them but cant wear......i love puma shoes and clothing a lot, good buy............
B0058XG1CA Good for the price. The pumas product run small compare to regular US shoes size. First time ordering them online. Over all they are good brand.
B0058XGDWS Great pair of shoes very happy with my purchase. Very comfortable shoes. Very nice price. Just remember to order a half size up because Pumas run a bit small compared to other brands.
B0058XGI5A Runs small. I searching for a black pair of womens Pumas, I knew they ran small but these were insanely small! Normally I'm an 11.5 N in womens and I ended up with an 11 in mens in these. I put an arch support in them and they're still very uncomfortable, and snug on the sides. The ONLY good thing about them is they look nice for a tennis shoe.
B0058XGI5A Pumas Run Small Again folks buy your Pumas a half size larger than what you normally wear. Otherwise these are priced well and good shoes.
B0058XGI5A Great but a little small I gave 4 star just because my size is 10.5 and i know puma's brands are tight so i buy them 11 to ensure they will fit well. i did it with another pair and was great but with these ones wasn't so lucky. beyond that all great!
B0058XGI5A Are we even sure this is a puma? I have never had issues with puma shoes before. Hence, I am second guessing myself as to whether this is a puma.CONS1. Fits EXTREMELY too small. I am a 10. I took everyone's advice and went with a half a size larger and it's STILL TOO SMALL.2. The width feels like extra small too.3. The cushioning and sole are not what you'd expect from a puma.4. The stitching, sticking, material looks cheap and not durable.5. Even the laces look cheap.PROS1. It appears it won't last long and you'll feel justified to get another shoes shortly :-o
B0058XGI5A great shoes, just small Great looking shoes. Just to small. I love pumas but just like my Ferrari ones I needed a size larger.
B0058XH4L2 Run small I am usually a 7.5 or 8 but these do run small. Needed to return. Didn't reorder as they weren't as supportive for a long big-city morning commute as i'd hoped. Ended up splurging on Danskos instead.
B0058XH4L2 Run small These are cute shoes they just run a half size small. I would have exchanged them but that was not an option.  Maybe because it was on one of the daily deal?
B0058XH4L2 too small too small to be a size 7previously I  bought same size in gray color and they fitted perfectbetter luck next time.
B0058XH4L2 Very comfortable This shoe runs small. Purchase a 1/2 size larger than normal. I own 3 pair in different colors and highly recommend.
B0058XH4L2 Cute I love the shoe but must return because too small. I have other Puma's size 11 that are just right.
B0058XH4L2 not a good fit Not a good fit. They were cut small. I have these in blace, and they are a great fit.  I am going to return.
B0058XH5D4 Nice but run a little small These look great but run a little small. I probably would have fit more comfortable with a half size bigger. They still look very nice though and are comfortable after being worn a couple of times.
B0058XH5D4 Disappointed The shoe size runs extremely small - I ended up giving the shoes to my grand daughter who wears 2 sizes smaller than self.  Was such a let down that the size was so small.
B0058XH5D4 Really run small I loved the look of these running shoes and the price. The only trouble with them: I ordered the size I wear in running shoes and  they were too small. They were not available in a larger size. The problem is the tongue is sewed to the shoe and that makes it really hard to put on and very tight after you get them on.
B0058XH5D4 Very cute! Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. They do run small and had to order a size up.
B0058XH5D4 They were too small Theses shoes looked awesome but were too small, they are a half size too tight. Returned them and they sent me a larger size (in a different color) without any hassle.
B0058XH5D4 Pumagirl I love my new Puma shoes!  They are very comfortable and I love the bright colors.  These shoes tend to run small so order a half size up.
B0058XH5D4 Hard sole The shoes flopes are too small.  My feet are not small enough to fit in.  The sole are too hard.
B0058XH5D4 Runs Small These hurt my feet as soon as I put them on. Even after working out in them a few times, they still feel a bit snug. I'd recommend getting a half or full size up for better comfort.
B0058XH5D4 These run small! These sneakers run quite small, I had to go up a full size larger.  Normally, I am a 7.5 to an 8, but for these sneakers I had to send them back and buy a 9!!  Otherwise, very comfortable, and super attractive.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes - runs a little small. These Pumas look great, but they do run a little small.  I'm hoping to stretch them a little.  Still, an awesome product.  Love the colors.
B0058XH5D4 Love! These shoes are very comfortable! I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear (I've had pumas before that ran small) and they're perfect. The only reason I gave 4 stars is the tongue area is a little tight. Love the color and would definitely order in other colors!!
B0058XH5D4 Colorful Bought these for my college-age daughter who loves them. Earlier reviews stated that they run a little small; my daughter who normally wears an 11 found that a 12 fit perfectly.
B0058XH5D4 Good Deal Love the shoes sizes run small and tight.Be sure to order a size largerPerfect Purple Color! Good Value!
B0058XH5D4 Running shoes These shoes run very small. I went up a half size and they were still too small. Very boxy construction of the shoe.
B0058XH5PM Great! This sneaker, im not sure is a brand problem because i have had some before, but are kinda small...Not really a big problem. Just select a 0.5+ size.
B0058XH5PM Get it while you can! I have a few pairs of Puma sneakers, and there all very comfortable.  One thing I can you is that you is that I typically have to get Puma's a half size bigger because they run small.  And I have this pair in black and white because I like them so much and so comfortable and very sporty!
B0058XH854 Looked good ran small they seemed to be fine.. had to send back though because they were a bit too small, but I am sure that being a Puma they would have been great
B0058XHCDM runs small this sneaker runs small in the toe box.  the toe box narrows too much at the tip, and the leather trim over the toes is a bit stiff and compresses my big toe.  the cushion is also not as comfortable as a similar low profile model i have in Asics.  not one of Puma's finest.
B0058XHCDM runs small Other reviewers have said it, and I agree.  This shoe runs half a size too small, and is very narrow.
B0058XHEBM Very nice looking on This shoe is on the small / slim side for a sneaker. but it looks very nice on with jeans
B0058XHEBM Run too small The shoes are TOO SMALL,  and I even asked for half a size bigger than what I wear!!  This is the second pair of PUMA that I have to give to my sons because they are too small!!! I will Never buy PUMA again on line.
B0058XHEBM Somewhat small My husband loved the contrasting blue colors and was very excited but then the shoes were slightly too small. He has to watch what socks he wears.
B0058XHEBM Make sure to get a larger size Pros:- reasonable price- appearance- pretty comfortable (although not as soft as the Puma Whirlwind)Cons:- Sizing runs small. I normally wear a 9 but they were too small and I ended up giving them away. Make sure you get at least a half size larger than your usual if not more.
B0058XHEBM styling It fits well making my foot look neat and small.  it can be dressed up or down i love it.
B0058XHEBM Just like a puma Aside from normal breaking in, I would definitely recommend these to any avid Puma enthusiasist. Lightweight shoe, a nice snug fit but if you're within the ranges of 9.5-10 for sneakers, order an 11. Pumas have always historically ran small.
B0058XHEBM Good old Pumas I've worn Pumas since High School - a very long time - and still like them.  These are the classics.  Pumas always seem to run small so get at lest a half size if not a whole size larger.
B0058XHEBM some what are small it hurt my foot!  because somewhat are small.actually i want to change the item few days later.i want to choose a better one
B0058XHEBM Buy these if you please. Great shoes. A little small on my feet. But a overall great purchase.
B0058XHEBM Puma shoe The fit it slightly small, but that was the size I ordered and it still fits. I really like the Roma style Puma's and am very happy with this purchase as well. Now my Puma outfit is complete with, jacket, t shirt, sweat pants and shoes. I am very pleased.
B0058XHY3K great show Way too small. great show otherwise
B0058XIVRS comfy These are the most comfy shoes ever. Not only are they awesome looking, but they feel like they you are walking barefoot. They run a little small so I will suggested getting a half size bigger.
B0058XIVRS Runs on small side but wearable I like the shoe but it is on the small side.  I ordered another pair in a different style one size up. (9b instead of 81/2b)
B0058XKUMM Too small Runs small.  Order next size up.  These were very small.  Looked great though.  Wish they fit.  Great quality.  Did not have correct size.  Very disappointing.
B00593X7P8 Very Good Item !! Very good item !!was small a bit yes, but, is great item.Can compare with others and can say this one is  +5
B00593XYN8 SMALL FIT!! Fit small! Supposedly theyre 0-3 months , my son is 9 weeks and i think these will be to small next week
B00595JOOY Too small the shoes have a slim fit, my husband does not have wide feet, and these were still too small, disappointing.
B00595JOOY Love Puma Always remember to buy a size bigger in Puma, as they run small.Cool as hell, looking shoe.  Great for light comfort on nights on the town.
B00595JOOY Kinda small but so what!?! A bit small ... But I'm expecting it to stretch. It's BEAUTIFUL though and I don't care. The cushioning is top notch as well
B00595JOOY run small so order one size up just got 'em, so don't know too much. seem nice. Had to send back the original order because they run small.
B00595JOOY Exellent Sneaker but de size too small I really love these shoes, the design is beautiful and very comfortable to work. Also they are very formal and can go through shoes. The only thing you have bought half recomenaria largest number of their numbers because they are small
B00595JOOY Looks really sleek but tore up my feet because it was too small Looks really sleek but tore up my feet because it was too small. Definitely buy the next size up from your normal shoe.
B00595JOOY Fits small, but Husband loves them in correct size Ordered my husband's regular size 11 and they were too small. So we ordered 11.5 and they fit better. They are still a little tight around the widest part of his foot. He doesn't have wide feet, just normal/medium width feet. That aside, he really likes how they look. He got them in black and brown.
B00595JOOY Shoes running small I already had the pair of shoes in black..so I knew it was running small. My size is 8.5 and I had to order a 9.5. Now it fits just fine.
B00595JOOY nice nice shoes .... good also for formal dressingreal leather....confortable....need to be 1 number bigger as it is somewhat small...
B00595JOOY Great shoes, do run small... I do love PUMA trademark... Always buy my running sneakers and shoes from them, this specific model runs smaller that the regular ones...
B00595JOOY Great Value - Runs Slightly Small - Good price, especially with Amazon's Black Friday discount.- Runs a tad small. Probably would have gotten 0.5 size larger had I known, but hopefully they'll stretch out and fit better in time.
B00595JOOY Great Shoe - Runs Small The Puma Vedano V are a Great Look. The shoes do run a little on the small side. Ordered a 11.5 (My Size). However, found that I must wear thin socks to fit without too much discomfort. I would recommend a size larger due to the toes being narrow.The heel has a great comfort with extra cushion, I was very surprised by this and love it. While I was hoping to use as a Dress Sneaker for Work, I felt that the Velcro did not lay perfectly flat and the overall look is best for wearing out as casual wear with jeans.Yes, I would order these shoes again. However, for the Casual Dress Look.
B00595JOOY 1/2 size too small but still wearable. Love the shoes but they are about 1/2 size too small but still wearable.They look better than on the web site. Cool looking.
B00595JOOY A Great Dressier Slip On Sneaker These look great, a little dressier than the Puma Tergament I have. They come a little small, order a 1/2 size bigger than what you normally wear.
B00595JOOY Does Run Small Nice, comfortable sneaker.  I read they run small, so I ordered a 1/2 size larger.  The reviews were correct, I should have ordered a full size larger.
B00595JOOY i like the design but somewhat little small though.. thank you for fast delivery  ;) i tried it and it looks good but little bit tight though, my feet is small and narrow fit but still it was tight..;
B00595JOOY Runs small I really like this shoe. It's kind of square toed in front, but very comfortable.  It runs small, but I'm not sure whether it's one size too small or a full size. Good thing returns are easy through Amazon
B00599E1GQ Good but small When received the shoes looks good quality, i order the size that i am, but this shoes was small even being the size i wear, i had to give it to my brother, i recommend to buy one more size that you are.
B0059BJF7E Comfort and fashion pop Light as a feather, good for your feet, and the pop of color is perfect with all the black I wear! For the airport, yoga, running around...have gotten tons of compliments, but the best part is how they feel. Order 1/2 size bigger as Puma runs a bit small.
B0059CBQ70 Great deal for pants. i liked these pants a real light breezy fabric that is loose and flowing but they do run a little small if you have some junk in the trunk go a size up.
B0059CEZL4 Very nice sweatshirt. This was a very nice sweatshirt, only issue was that it was too small for my son and came in no other sizes.  :-(  Had to return it.
B0059U94MQ Not a good fit! This shoe attracted me because of its neat look. But this shoe does not fit true to size, it fits small. However delivery was on time and packaging was good.
B005ADOKS0 Sizes run a little small The quality of the t- shirt was fine, I was surprised about the size. It was really small; it was intended for a birthday present, but it would not fit, so I ad to purchase something else. considering the cost of the item as well as the end result I was a little disappointed.
B005B2H1FE Wife loved the colors But she mentioned they run a little small and hurt her the first few wears.  Now its broken in and loves it.
B005BBADW8 Love'em I took the risk of buying them even though I worried they might be just half a size too small, but I've been wearing them since I got them and they are super comfy and look great!
B005CB59N0 Great cleats! Sizes run a little small. I had to order a half size bigger than normal, but other than that the first time I played they were very comfortable. Great cleats for the price.
B005CCLT9W Nice cleats shoes, a bit small and very plastic Nice cleats soccer shoes, however they are a bit small and almost all plastic made so not very comfortable to wear.
B005CJM11A To small The size is wrong my dougther of 2 years can't use it because is to small the model andar quality are beautifull
B005CK4QE4 Cute-but run small These shoes are cute.  Although my son knows how to tie his shoes, he loves the velcro feature of these shoes.  He says he doesn't like to worry about laces coming untied.  Beware, they run an entire size small!
B005CK4QE4 Very cute but they run small! Unfortunately, I had to return these because they run small.  My niece could not even get her food inside to try it on!
B005CK4QE4 Must return these shoes. When I purchased these I thought they were the right size for my daughter.  However, pumas must be shaped way different from the other tinnis shoes I have bought for her in the past. My daughter also said that the back of her foot, at heel area was way to small to short/small.  I hope to be able to get her a credit do I can buy her some more shoes.
B005CK7W3Q Pretty shoe These shoes are too cute, but they run on the small side.  The lights and velcro were fine, but we had to return them due to the sizing issues.
B005CKB0WA Returned:( Cute, but run a whole size too small. Had to return. I have found this to be the case with most pumas.
B005CKB0WA runs small these sneakers are very pretty but they run very small.  I ordered half a size up and I still have to return and get them bigger.  My daughter loved the designed and she also loved that they come with a pretty bag that will become handy for travel.
B005CKB0WA Runs Small This item tends to run small. Order at least 2 sizes larger. I had to send a sz 7 then a sz 8 back.
B005CKB0WA Very Nice My son loves these shoes.  He calls them his super fast running shoes.  Only advice I would give is they run a little small so get the next size up.
B005CKB0WA Nice sneaker, small size I bought these for my son in a size 5 . He has somewhat wide feet and these sneakers wouldn't go on. They are otherwise very nice, good material too bad for the fit .
B005CKB0WA Five Stars Too small
B005CKB0WA Advice from a Mother I love this shoes it fits my son perfectly. Not too tight and not too big or small. I will definitely recommend it.
B005CKB0WA Too small It is way too small. I gave it away. It is for a 4 year old not 6 y. Very disappointing
B005CKB0WA That shoes was for my son. There was to ... That shoes was for my son. There was to small. His size is 10.I want to know if i can return.Thaks
B005CKB0WA Great Look The sneakers are adorable and look awesome on my 4 year old.  They do run a bit small. I have noticed that pumas in general run small.
B005CKB0WA Too small This are really nice... But really get one size bigger, my nice wears size 10 and I bought a 10 1/2 still small
B005CKB0WA Returning them These shoes run really small. The boys 12 is smaller than a Geox 11! Not sure if all PUMAs are like this, this was the first pair we've ever tried. They also feel rather flimsy.
B005CKB0WA Too small! The shoes are way too small for the size, and they are too stiff. It seems like they'd need to be broken in quite a bit before they'd be comfortable. I returned them and got a different brand that I know I like.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes but run small Great shoes for my toddler but they run small I would suggest getting a half size up.  They wash really well also.
B005CKB0WA Nice shoes, but too small Like the shoes, but the size runs too small. Definitely need to get at least one size up of your real size
B005CKB0WA Cute but too small Very cute but they did not fit my toddler who is a 7 in all other shoes.
B005CKB0WA Cute This shoe is cute but it ran a half size small. I had to return it and try to get another pair but they didn't have the size.
B005CKB0WA Love these shoes! They are sized small...my daughter just started wearing size 9 and the 10's fit perfect!  cozy, easy to put on and looks good!
B005CKB0WA Overall good shoes Light weight, size running small
B005CKHBP0 Good shoe My son loves these shoes. They are great for toddlers learning to walk. Not too thick to keep his foot from moving, definitely not flimsy. Perfect design, I love the vibrant colors on them. I did have to go up a size because they run small, but other than that, they're great.
B005CKJFRM a little tight it runs a little tight, but it's an attractive shoe. I'd get a half size bigger, puma runs on the small side..
B005CPBU2K My son loves these! Run a little small - he is in 11.5 little kid, so we got the 12. They fit perfectly! Love the colors & can't wait to see him on the field! My son is 5 & these are his first soccer cleats.
B005CQTJAE Small sizing I returned shoe because it fits on the small side.  Relatively narrow fit.  Otherwise the shoe looked like it was made well.
B005CVWYPG to small My girl is size 6 so i buy them.in 7 for later and.they dont even fit her :-( but the quality is pretty good
B005CVWYPG Runs about 1 size too small We saw this shoe at the Puma Outlet; and they didn't have it in a size 7, 8, or 9 for toddlers so we could try it on our daughter. My wife loves Puma shoes for herself and our daughter. They are comfortable, durable and wear very well. The only issue I have with their toddler shoes is they either run too small or too big, never a true fit. Our 2 1/2 year old daughter is a true size 7, we ordered an 8 so she she would have room to grow. Not the case with this shoe, it runs about 1 size too small. So she won't be in them long, only about 2-3 months. Other than that it is a  really nice shoe.
B005CVWYPG Cute but they run small! I got fustrated when I recieved these shoes! Although they're really cute, they run veeeeeery small... My daughter's Saucony sneakers are size 8.5M and fit her perfect... they are actually a little big for her. I ordered this pair of Puma's because I wanted her to have a bigger sneaker to wear later on, so I ordered a size 9M. They got much tighter than the 8.5 ones she has... We got really disappointed because it is a very nice and good looking pair of shoes.
B005CVXB30 Awesome! We live in a small town where selection is limited.  We bought these and they are true to size and an excellent shoe for my daughter!
B005CVY9RW Three Stars Good lucking shoes but too small
B005CVY9RW It's a little small. The cutting is a little smaller than what I've expected. But the quality is good though. Might need to order another bigger pair.
B005CVY9RW Too small The Puma crib shoes runs quite  small. I would order the next bigger size up from what your baby measures.
B005DHN1YM Puma jacket Somewhat small, should have ordered XLarge but it is ok.Looks great with jeans, very casual.I highly recommend this item.
B005DIT9RO I love this pant for Zumba. I am usually 4, 27, or small in pants and these pants fit true to size. Pants are very confortable. They have some pockets that I use for my gym card and the locker key.
B005HELPYO The perfect bag Not too big, not too small.  if I could find this size and shape in every fabric and color on the planet, I would own them all!
B005HEMCUA Great bag I have this bad for months now, maybe a year. It is great quality. It was exactly what I was looking for. It is not huge, it is not too small. I can fit my notebooks. I have the black version.The material is very soft.
B005HENODE Even Looks Small This arrived and even the box looked small for a size 13 W.  My husband wears a 12 and theywere still to small.
B005HEPXDI Comfortable but a little on the small side. A little small (still usable) compared to other athletic shoes my son has.  He said they are very comfortable and likes the sole better than traditional golf spikes.
B005HEPXDI Very good shoe but size seems small than other shoes. Shoes were as expected but sizes smaller than other shoes.  The red color isn't a deep red it could be closer to pink.
B005LCE58A Good bag Ordered this for my husband. He loves it. Its not too big nor too small. We like how its also plain and simple.
B005LCE58A It's 10% too small for my purposes. Also, ... It's 10% too small for my purposes. Also, I'm worried that it may not hold up in the long run.
B005LCE58A Nice product It's a nice bag but I would have liked it to have more small bags inside and out of the bag so you can reach your locker keys or drop some coins (small objects).Pink color is great, I love that!
B005LCE58A Great After-Work Basic Bag - Just the right size I needed a gym bag for basic stuff:  shoes, small towel, shorts, sweat shirt, sport socks and some room for a water bottle and a snack.  This bag does the trick if that is all you need. There is still room for small personal effects (small shampoo, soap, brush, shower sandles, etc).  One of the side compartments has air holes for ventilation (post work out laundry or shoes) and actually is fairly large as it extends into the main compartment of the bag.  I wear a woman's size 11 shoe and it fits w/room to spare.  The other compartment is normal-sized.  There is a small zippered compartment inside as well for phone/keys/small wallet.  It does the job, it would be better if it had one more zipped compartment on the outside, but i am not using it against the rating.  The strap has a shoulder protector, again nothing elaborate, but its does the job.
B005LCE58A Nice gym bag good qualityThe zipper is big and smoothHas a pouch for you shoes with small air ventsA small zipper pocket for keys, lock, etc.A side pocket for misc stuff.Kind of pricey but the quality makes it worth it.
B005LCE58A nice I like it the space is perfect not to big not too small. love the shoe compartment and the other pockets
B005LCE5M6 Durable and lightweight This is the perfect size for the gym and I use  it for weekend excursions as well. So far it has been durable (have used it for two months) and packs easily. The only thing it is missing is a small outer compartment for toilietries or other small items, but that's hardly a downfall. I love it!
B005LCEGM0 Ndndm It was very big, it wasn't like description. But I use now, I though that the items was more small.
B005LCENV4 It really needs a zipper pocket on the outside. It does have a small zipper pocket on the inside but it's too small, if you put your keys in there or headphones for instance they will get lost in there forever.
B005LCENV4 Perfect light bag I bought this to carry with me when i travel and i use this all the time. Despite its small size it still fits most things easily. I have used this to carry groceries, water bottles, and sometime a change of clothes.  The bag is super light and fold very small. This bag has a small zippered compartment which is use to carry my room key or can fit a passport. I am very happy with my purchase.
B005OLVDCO I guess all PUMA shoes run small I bought several different pairs of PUMA shoes, and they all are small.  These are tolerable, but a little tight on the toes and toebox.  Others are not as forgiving.  I caution anybody buying PUMA shoes to verify their size at a shoe store.  I did not have that ability, since I did not see any of the shoes I purchased at any brick and motar store.
B005ON2G96 runs small i love these shoes! they are comfortable and light weight but run small.  I ordered a 1/2 size bigger, but could have gone up a whole size.
B005ON2G96 Shoe runs small I wear an 8.5 and ordered these in a 9 in case they run small. When these arrived I could get them on but they were clearly too small. They are marked UK 6.5 which equals a VERY small US 9 - IMO these run at least a half size small.I plan to re-order a size up because it's hard to find running shoes without laces. Apart from the size, these are light and comfortable.
B005ON39OC Runs a little small Nice extremely lightweight shoe!  Gave them to my niece for a gift and she was thrilled.  They come in a cute little Puma Bag/Box too.
B005OS38ZC Puma sneakers Since I read the size runs small, I brought the next size up, and they fit and feel wonderful.  I also like the color.  The icon should have been on the outside part of the sneaker so that you can see it.
B005OS7VPA Great Pair of Puma's I was so glad to find a pair of ballerina shoes like these for my night school. They are stylish yet comfortable. Although they look a a little different in person, they are still cute. Some reviews, on other websites, stated the shoe ran small. I normally wear a 7.5, however I always wear an 8 with Puma, since their shoes run small. They are perfect and I am not dealing with any rubbing on the back of the ankle problems like some buyers have stated. Once again, Puma delivered. I absolutely love these shoes.
B005OTA9R6 love puma anything i live in a small town and its hard to find shoes i like. i love how the shoe is not big or heavy and looks great with all pants and shorts
B005OTA9R6 Runs small-ish Nice shoe, but 1/2 size too small. I ordered my street size -- needed 1/2 size larger. Attractive on foot, but I think I'll go back to using a dance sneaker for zumba.
B005OTA9R6 Great looking Pumas shoes in general runs small. I recommend ordering +1 size. With that you should not have any problem. I did that with mine as well as a different pair I bought for my husband
B005OTA9R6 Fits small Exactly what I was expecting. They fit a little small, but overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Now if only it will warm up so I can wear them :)
B005R506IO Great shoe, runs very small The sneakers are great, very cool, classic, timeless. Our very picky 9 year old son loves them. But they run very small and even though I ordered half a size up they still don't fit him. He's wearing 7Y now so w don't have the option of going another size up, I will be looking for this design in Men's sizes for him.Great show but I recommend to order a full size up.
B005R506IO Wonderful Purchase Great sneakers!  Great design!  This was purposely purchased a size larger because it is for a growing child.  Great decision because the sneakers runs a little small.  Packaging and delivery were great and timely.
B005S0QEXE Size problem Look like pictures and good quality.The size is somewhat small than usual and the sneaker is somewhat hard, but is very cheap.
B005S0QEXE Run Small I love the color but they run so small! I ordered a size 10 for my son and the shoes look like a size 8. Had to return them!
B005S0QEXE ehh i love puma shoes but these run small and the shoes are very dark gray and purple, not pink, they need longer shoe laces too kids this age need it to be knotted
B005SFAYVW Kind a small Very comfortable, the color is exactly as seen on the website. buy a bigger size than you usually use cause it's small.
B005ZFCUIA Devastated these shoes run a bit small I LOVE these shoes but they seem to fit a half size smaller. They are SUPER cute though so I highly recommend getting a pair.
B005ZFCUIA Nice, but fits small. Great looking running shoes but it fits small. A 7.5 would have been ideal.Amazon should indicate that the size is not average.
B005ZFCUIA Good shoes Very nice,  I love the color, the shoe is comfortable and the shipping is prompt. The shoes run a little small.
B005ZFCUIA Too small in the toe Normally a 10 fits me perfectly, these fit like a small 9. It is a good looking sneaker, just no room.
B005ZFCUIA Narrow fit. Runs small. Ordered a half size up and hopefully that will fit.
B005ZFCUIA Feels small at the first week, but gets comfortable later on. I love this sneakers, they are so cute and right now they fit me perfectly. I thought it was going to be small, due to the other reviews I read, however I decided to order my normal size (7) and they fit me perfectly, the first time I put them on, they did feel small and tight, but now it is really comfortable.
B005ZFCUIA Run small I chose fit as expected simply bc I tried a pair in locally before buying. The shoes runs small! I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 but in these I had to buy a 9.5.
B005ZFCUIA Best running shoes ever!!! Before buying these shoes I read the reviews, especially the ones with low rates and most of the people said that they run too small. THEY DO RUN A LITTLE SMALL, but if you&#8217;re buying running shoes, it is best to buy them  size bigger, that way your feet have enough space. The size issue was perfect for me, I have really small feet (I&#8217;m 27 years old and I have to buy shoes for girls). I&#8217;ve running for over 10 years now and I always use Puma, so I know that at first they are a little tight, but you just have to break them in a little. These kicks are gorgeous, comfortable and very light! They are perfect for run! I would buy them again!
B005ZFCUIA Runs Small I'm a perfect size 7 1/2, when I put the right one on for the  first time, I thought it was tight. After having it on for less than an hour, my foot began feeling very uncomfortable. When I took it off, I felt the most comfortable rush of blood to my foot at which time I realized it was too small. If I couldn't wear it around the house for less than an hour, I knew I couldn't use it for athletics. Runs small.
B005ZT6ODS Run very small Cute pants, but I was very disappointed. They run very small, and I had to send them back. If you order, get a size larger than you normally would!
B005ZTU6V4 made small love the shirt it was just made small, if you buy it i suggest you buy a size or two bigger than your actual size.
B00691NJ5M Perfect Just recieved this purse for Christmas, after looking for the perfect size purse, this one is it.  I love the way it looks and the size of it.  It's not too big or too small, it holds all my things without being so big I feel like I am carrying a suitcase, or being too small to hold everything without bulging out the sides!
B0069KDD04 Very pleased with this jacket for $19 ~ Two quick notes:  It is MSRP $65 but Amazon.com had a small listed for $19 and change with Prime shipping.  Nice.  Also, the zipper opens on the right, not the left.  I don't know if that is an error, or some crazy European thing (Puma being German), but you get used to it.  And it is not a woman's jacket.  I have a small and if it were a women's small it wouldn't fit.  The sleeves are the correct length for men's small.  And no curve in the waist.  And the length is proper.It's the same material and liner as my North Face jacket, just a lot thinner and without a hood.  It makes a great warmup jacket or a great running/jogging jacket.  It is water resistant, and pretty good at that.  No hood, but alas, in Oregon one gets used to rain on exposed head/face while running.  Mainly I use it as a cold weather warmup or running jacket.  Great for mid 50s temps for warm up or 45-55 for running.  It's thin enough that it keeps wind off the arms and warms the chest without getting too hot once you're warmed up.Reflective strips.  Two pockets on the front.  Also makes a convenient going around town jacket in cool weather.  I use it on casual days when it's not cold enough for the North Face or Lululemon jackets.  And being an Oregonian, one can't have too many jackets!
B0069YA0MO Is inconsistent with a similar pair I bought at Nordstrom. this item was too small and lacked the cushioning which the Nordstrom This shoe was NOTHING like a pair of G Vilas I had previously purchased at Nordstrom. The item was too small and lacked cushioning I previously experienced with this shoe.
B006GKA68Y we love this hoodie... we love this hoodie. I like most that its not the usually shade of pink or purple that you see and its easy to throw on with the usual shades. we would have given it a 5 star rating except it runs a little small. Actually i find the Puma brand in general runs a little small so i would suggest buying anything from Puma a size or two bigger.
B006H1NNPU Runs small, feels stiff These looks good, but there were too small and stiff for my son, who prefers shoes with a lot of flexibility.
B006H1NNPU Should have heeded the warning This is a beautiful shoe.  I saw it.  I loved it.  My 8 year old daughter loved it. The reviews I read, maybe on a different site, said it runs small.  I bought the size my daughter wears, a 3.5, and a 4.  The 4 was too small.  I offered to buy her a 4.5 and she said no, go for the 5. I'm giving it a 4 rating only because of the size issue.  Fortunately, it's available in the 5.  I could see this looking cute with all her outfits, all color leggings.  I'm thinking: Metalic blue might be the new black!
B006IWCMUK Nice, but way too small. These are nice shoes, but they run very small.  My 10 year old wears a 3.5.  I ordered a 4 knowing she'd grow into them, plus she wears an insert for support so I though I was going to have room.  She needs at lease a 4.5 in these shoes, plus they're very narrow.
B006IYT2XI fit was too small... keeping them for my younger son Pro-- cute, light weight, and good for girls or boys.Cons-- ran really small!!!  Too small for my daughter (9).But they were cute and a good value so I'm keeping them for my younger son.
B006J7WSEY a bit small It was a bit small but it so beautiful that i decided to give it to my siater and buy a new one for my boy.
B006J7WSEY i will like tio know what to do to get different size at 5.5 the shoes are to small I need to know what to do to get different size 5,5 the shoes are to small
B006J7WSEY Cute Very cute but run small! My 5 year old daughter wears a 10 so I got her a 11. they fit now for spring soccer she might be able to fit in them for fall soccer.
B006J7WSEY Sized small These were cute, but too small.  They seemed the same as the Diadora my grand daughter had in a size smaller, so I had to return them and got a different kind.
B006J7WSEY The shoe is great, but ran a bit small The shoe is great but unfortunately ran a bit small (at least with the thick soccer socks on it did).  Unfortunately, our daughter didn't complain about this being a problem until after she wore them the first time so we were stuck with them.  Ultimately we ended up buying the same pair in a size larger and gave these to a friend of hers with smaller feet and she enjoyed them.
B006J7WSEY Runs small Very cute shoes, but definitely runs about a size small. My daughter is just fitting into kids size 11s and these are tight. I should have gotten the 12.
B006J7WSEY tight fit The're very cute, nice an brilliant colors but actually runs tight. PUMA runs really small. Order a number up or 1.5
B006J7WSEY Run Small My daughter loved these cleats.  I ordered a half size bigger than her sneakers, thinking she could wear an extra pair of socks.  But they just barely fit.  I let her keep them because she liked them so much, be she has outgrown them before the season was over.
B006J7WSEY Great shoe but runs REALLY small We ordered two sizes up (from 3 to 4) and these were still too small.  Had to find a 4.5.  They are very narrow and when worn with soccer socks, very small.Looks: awesomeQuality besides sizing: great
B006K26TBG MY OPINION ON THESE BOOTS I LOVED THE BOOTS,BUT THEY WERE TOO SMALL & YOU DIDN'T HAVE A BIGGER SIZE!!!! SEARCHED ALL OVER THE WEB FOR THE THEM FROM OTHER SITES. I WAS UNABLE TO LOCATE THEM. I COULDN'T EVEN FIND THEM ON THE PUMA WEBSITE. IF I EVER FIND THEM IN THE FUTURE I WILL REPURCHASE THEM AGAIN.  THANKS!!!!
B006K28VOO Too small They were everything I was looking for, color, style, comfort, warm but unfortunately they were too small and they were sold out on the size 3. Otherwise I would've stayed with them.
B006OEY2NC RUNS A LITTLE SMALL I read where these ran a little small so we ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.  Normally he would take a size 10 so we ordered a 10 1/2.  He loves them.
B006OEY2NC RUNS SMALL BUT AS EXPECTED Believe the reviews and order 1/2 size larger than normal and you will not be disappointed. Very comfortable and they look great. Can't wait to hit the course this Spring!
B006QNQUH2 Run small Ordered my usual size and they were too small.  They were not available in the next size up.Really cute shoe.
B006QO2SD6 Great casual wear I've begun to like Puma shoes and their other products. The ballerinas and other flats seem to run a bit small.
B006QO2SD6 Love it 5.5 is my size, but my feet are wide so the shoe I bough it just a little small on the tip.
B006QO2SFO a lil small I love these sneakers!! I just wish they fit me better..if I would have ordered a wide it wouldve be perfect. I typically take this size so I'm not sure why they don't
B006QOI4L6 disappointed Runs super small! Wore them a little to 'break them in' an got blisters. I even got a bigger size knowing probably going to be small an they still didn't fit.
B006QOJ8PM Three Stars Somewhat small but the servece is ok, everythink ok
B006QOJ8PM Small for the size, but nice shoe Small for the size and tight. Should have a half or one whole size bigger, but a nice looking, sharp  shoe.  Overall, I like them.
B006QOJ8PM Small size The size is pretty small and i needed to gift them. Now i bought another ones because i like this style of shoes
B006QOJ8PM True Puma Style Great shoes, last forever. Puma's tend to run 1/2 size small for us, so knowing that we ordered slightly larger. They fit perfectly and look great.
B006QOJ8PM To small Looks good and all seemed status quo until I tried them on.Just a little small as none of my current speakers are larger than 9 or so...surprised that these being  a 9 1/2 were tosmall
B006QOJ8PM Very comfy, size is a little small.... If I could find shoes that were 12 1/2 wide, it would be golden as in most shoes that is what I wear.  These Pumas run a little small, as 13's are almost too small.  They are lightweight and comfy.  Nice Shoe.
B006QOJDAW good shoes Basically, it is good shoes. My wife like it. But it is a little bit small. So it is a pitty.
B006QOJDAW love puma but not these the quality isn't as expected.  i thought the shoe would be more sporty.  not true to size, runs small.  i had to return.
B006QOJDAW love this shoe but... i tried this on at the store and read everyone's post.. everyone said it runs small and even the pair i tried on at the store ran small...so went up a half size. i usually wear a 10 but got a 10.5 and this shoe is HUGE!!!  so now i will give it too my mother,,,,
B006QOJDAW small is very small.. plese order 1 or 2 size more.. is beautiful.. the quality is good and very confortable ty
B006QOJDAW CUTE REALLY CUTE SHOES, BUT IT WAS TOO SMALL. I HAD TO RE ORDER IT.USUSALLY IM 8 1/2 BUT IN THESE SHOES A 9 FIT BETTER.
B006QOJEKQ not confy but cute too small, not true to size and hard plastic. had to return
B006QOJSXE Its too small and straight. It isn't confortable. I don't want to by another of this model. I always use puma sandals but this one not fit.
B006QOJSXE Pain it's really nice talking about the look, but it hurt my small toe that's the only inconvenient not because it's to small for me the friction is too much
B006QOKESC These were small I ordered size 14 and they were too small.  I couldn't even get them on.Do not buy if you have big feet.
B006QOL57G Runs small I wear an 8 1/2 in every shoe but Puma must run a bit small because these are a pretty tight fit. These are also narrow shoes but that works for me. My suggestion is to buy a half size up
B006QOL57G Nice looking shoes but they didn't fit I like puma but they run small and I have large feet.  The size 11 was too small for me.
B006QOL57G Cute shoes but too small The shoes arrived, nicely packaged and in new condition, as expected.  However they were too tight when I tried them on.  I am always a size 7 but have never worn Pumas so maybe the brand just tends to run small.  I clicked through the return process very easily and sent them back the next day. I was credited the next morning for the full purchase price...very impressed with the ease of the return and how quick I was reimbursed.
B006QOL57G cute but small I have never had a problem wearing 8.5 shoes before but this one was wayyy too tight/small! Cute colors though so I'm planning on getting 9s
B006QOL57G Adoreable! I would have given these 5 stars but they do run a tad small. The colors are bright, just what I wanted.
B006QOL57G Run small, great shoes Ordered a half size larger based on other customer feedback. Glad I did, fit well. Very comfy and good quality.
B006QP1URU runs very small I got these for my daughter and she went to try them on and she couldn't even get the front of her foot in the shoe. so we did return them they were a very nice looking sneaker but run very small,
B006QP1URU Nice looking sneakers These sneakers are very cute, but they run very small and VERY very  thin. I gave them to my daughter.
B006QPLVA6 Very small indeed! I could not even get this on my not fat foot. Great looking but very badly designed in terms of size.
B006QPN3ZW fit is to small. order larger size I don't feel like messing with returning it. But they are too small.
B006QPN3ZW They come to small even when I order half a number bigger They come to small even when I order half a number bigger. They look good but they should advertise the right sizes or equivalents
B006QQ0WYG great shoes Bought these to replace my old pumas. I read that they ran small so ordered a half size up and they fit great. They are holding up great so far
B006QQ11IM The shoe size is small what I expected. The size of the shoe is small then what I was expecting. It looks great but still it is tight.
B006QQ18MQ Nice casual shoe. I gave my son a pair earlier in black which I purchased for me but it was too small.  It fit my son fine which he likes to wear to work out in so I purchased this pair for him in red.  This shoe is narrow and 1/2 to 1 size small.
B006QQ1B3W The Drift Cat 4 Sneakers run small I wear a 13 D which is hard enough to find.  However the Drift Cat 4 Sneakers run small.  I recommend increasing a half to a full size larger.Probably would not reorder these.
B006QQ1C5E Great shoes Very nice shoes. A bit small, so I bought 1 size bigger and it's fine. I really like it, fits like a glove. Recommended and I'm thinking about getting the red one.
B006QQ1C5E Pretty but a little small I liked it very much but it is a little small, however I use it.  The color and model is great
B006QQ1CCW They look good, they're lightweight, and moderately supportive...but they do run small. I think these shoes look great with jeans or with shorts. They're pretty lightweight and low profile, and pretty comfortable for just walking around. The footbed is pretty thin, but still provides decent support.One thing to note is that while Pumas generally run small, these run VERY small. I wear a 9.5 in most other shoe brands, and 10 in Pumas, but I had to step up to 10.5 for these Driving Power 2 Low shoes.
B006QQ1CCW they look great.... but they're way too small and too narrow. I'm normally a size ten and a half, and went up to an eleven, and it's still too small.
B006QQ1DKS Four Stars It is too small
B006QQ1HZ4 Be aware that this line runs ver small. Be aware that this line runs ver small. I normally only buy/ware US size 9 and it took a US 10.5 in this shoe to match my size.
B006QQ1HZ4 GREAT DESIGN! JUST LIKE HAS BEEN STATED BY OTHERS THESE SHOES RUN SMALL. ORDER A HALF SIZE BIGGER. THEY FIT LIKE A GLOVE AND THE DESIGN ON THEM IS THE BOMB. COOLEST SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED.
B006QQI76Q Feedback They look great and met my expectations.  As previous comment from another purchaser recommend you try a pair on before ordering.  They run small in size compared to similar sports shoes.
B006QQI76Q Way too small! I bought these sneakers for my son who wears a men's size 6.  These sneakers were labeled as a men's size 7, but were still way too small.  Possibly they were a women's size 7.Puma Men's Fast Cat Suede Fashion Sneaker
B006QYHHFU My son loves it. I bought this pullover b/c it was at a great sale price. I expected it to be way too big being a man's size and my son is only 12 years old. He is tall and slim. 5 ft tall, size 16 slim jeans, large boys shirts. I hoped he would wear this in a year or 2 and save it. Well...he wears it now. I bought a small. It fits loose as expected but doesn't swallow him whole. He is tall with long arms and this fits well with some growth room, not overly big, so wondering if it runs a little small? Held up good in the laundry so far. I wash it as directed. I'm not a big fan of the fabric on the PUMA clothing b/c it does tend to get the piling after repeated washes. But he loves it and that is what counts! Would buy it again.
B006QYHHFU what a great deal! I had this sweatshirt for over a year and wear it fairly often, it is high quality, and I love the material.  The fit is small though so you should def order a size up. The colors are vibrant and overall looks great
B006R8219C Had to buy another because this one too small But, it was probably my fault, as I replaced this romper with a Junior size 7 and it fit my gd/daughter perfectly. This cute romper she passed on to her smaller best friend.
B006U5WAB6 Ok for small children, not for adults The glasses are just too small - -the size of these would probably be ok for a little child only.
B006VEP4NM sizing issues-not their fault i ordered this jacket in the size i normally wear, but when i got it, it didnt fit. the sizes run a little smaller than most other clothing. i am going to have to return it. i usually dont order clothes online, but this jacket was so cute, i went for it. oh well, i am going to have to find something in a store. but the jacket is nice! good, quality material, nice length, lightweight,  just too small. my  fault- not theirs!
B006VEQ0ZI Shoes run small I wish my daughter could've tried them out, but the shoes run so small she couldn't even put them on and I ordered a size bigger!!!They look cute, the fabric (plastic)is a bit too thin, but I figured they won't be used for more than a season since her feet will grow out of them. Will try a different brand.
B006VYXUVU Wasn't excited about the purchase Won't recommend. First, the size runs a bit small. Second, the material of the shoe looked quite cheap and spongy! With pink color, it could get dirty quite easily, and might not be cleaned easily. Returning them.
B006W0PIWW Small on the toe box My son wears size 9, I ordered that size but it was small, he couldn't move his big toe. So I decided to exchange it for size 10 and they fit good. But they did not have the black ones, so I ended up getting the white/red ones and I had to pay 1.25 dollars more.The quality is very good and my son loves his new sneakers.
B006W1DT1I TOO SMALL IT'S NOT LIKE OTHERS SIZE 10,5.  MY BOY DOESN'T USE, IT'S TOO SMAL IT'S A PROBLEM BECAUSE I LIVE IN ARGENTINA AND I CAN'T CHANGE
B006W1DT1I Does not fit true to size This was our second pair ordered and they were both too small.  The second pair fit better, but after they were worn once outside, she decided they were again too small.  Bummer
B006WBB4D8 A little small I wear a 9.5-10.5 and I got a 10. I had to wear it a few times before they fit without hurting.I did like the shoes though.
B006WBB4D8 Runs small I was really looking forward to a flat that was as comfortable as a sneaker. They ran very small and don't have much cushion of support.
B006WTISAC Great shoe but runs small We have always been Puma fans and have noticed their sneakers run a little small. So if your child wears an 8T, then you might want to get a 9T or bigger. My child grows fast so we got her a 10T when she is wearing a target size 8T right now. She has room to grow into them! We love the black white and gold ones b/c they hide the dirt. Pumas are made well and last through tough play. The leather shoes are very soft too. The bottom soles have great tread so kids don't slip. We highly recommend them.
B00712KP4G Nice, but small Really cute, comfortable looking sneaker, but runs small! I had to exchange. My son normally wears 13 and the 13.5 was too small.
B0071BUID0 TOO Small First off, the stars are only because of the size. That was the only problem with the shoe was the size. I normally wear 12s for Puma's. For some reason these are at least two sizes too small... the 14's fit much better and are at least $50 cheaper...The design is absolutely phenomenal. People are always asking where I got them from and how they fit. If you want a pair of sneakers that are major head turners, these are your shoes.
B0071BVJ10 Small fit and lighter colour Colour is much lighter grey than in the photos which didn't bother me but unfortunately the sizing was too small.
B0071BW9KK Somewhat small, good shoe for summer. Kind of small, got a blister from them, normally i wear a 6 for these you need to order a little bigger. A summer shoe, not for cold weather as they are really thin and light, but the colors look as pictured and shipping was good :)
B0071BWVYY nice Run small my husband is 10 and he fix in a size 11. brand new, great condition. I recommend it.
B0071DT1ZY Solid shoe but runs small These shoes are ok. They run a bit small so beware. I only wear them to play indoor soccer and my feet hurt after about 20 mins of running. I wish I had bought a bigger size.
B0071EBTCG great shoes My hubby loves them says they feel great. He like that they feel tough and they are not not like usual pumas that run a little small for the size these are good. And good looking for a great price.
B0071F0IN6 Too Small I usually wear a 9.5. But I ordered a 10.5 and it fits. Very Comfortable. Good for long distance pass.
B0071F1KYC Too Small I ordered these a size larger since they were on sale.  They were way too small!  Can't really rate them since my daughter couldn't get her foot in them!
B0071F1KYC Too small I first ordered a size 9 Adidas pair. It was too small, so I looked for a bigger size. Unfortunately, they had just run out of the same style in 9.5. I then ordered this one in a 9.5, thinking it would fit because I'm usually a 9-9.5. But, it's still too small. So now I have to return and order a new pair. The look and fit (width) are good, just the length is too small.
B0071O34XI Nice quality Cute lightweight jacket fitting with the olympic year. I'd say it runs a bit small, but I got a size bigger so ours is fine. My daughter loves it.
B00727EJIS I measured my child's foot for size and these were still too small. Disappointed as he really liked them. Previous reviews said these ran small and they were right! I measured my child's foot for size and these were still too small. Disappointed as he really liked them.
B00727EJIS Great shoes but run small THese shoes are fantastic and look great on. They are comfortable except that they run smaller than the true size. They are athletic looking and my son gets tons of compliments but we could really have purchased them at leat 1 size larger as they run small.
B00727EJIS Great but run small They are really a great shoe, but be aware they do run a size small. Make sure to order one size bigger to ensure they fit.
B0072B343A Running small I chose 4 stars because the tee is running small. Overall my granddaughter like the shirt, but it a little bit smaller than we would like it to be and it should  be. I always buy for her x-large just in case it will shrink after laundry. Otherwise it's nice.
B0073G9NNO Meh They are nice but the fit is a little small for my taste. I still love them and am glad I have them
B0073G9Z4Q runs small The shoe is well made and the cushion is very nice.  The problem is that the run just a tad small.  It was not enough that I wanted to return them as I thought they would stretch out and become more comfortable over time, but they have remained annoyingly just a bit too small.
B0073G9Z4Q look nice and comfortable It's a bit small compare to others, but it's still ok and fit.  I love the style and the material is good.
B0073IRJOW Puma It was a very nice shoe and well made, but the size was too small. So, I mailed it back.
B0073IRJOW Good sneakers these sneakers are great, good looking And confortable but they fit small, i had to order half size larger in order to be able to wear them
B0073IRJOW TOO SMALLL!!!!!!!! Too small!!!!!In all atheletic shoes, I wear a size 9. These are made smaller than any shoes I've ever tried. They were really tight.
B0073J7GV2 Nice, small bag 1 main pocket, one small inside pocket (big enough for wallet and keys) and one side opening with collapsible interior pocket.  Works great for a trip to the gym.
B0073XEDDC these went back way too smaill.  at least a full size too small.  otherwise seemed nice - - but couldn't get them on my feet
B0073XIITC Great shoe, but small Great looking shoe, but runs a bit on the small side. Rubs against my little toe. Comfortable otherwise. Normally love puma
B0073XIITC These shoes run too small! The pair of Puma shoes i've been wearing for a year are size 7.5 and they fit fine. I ordered these in an 8 and they are way to small. They hurt my feet. It doesn't make sense that I ordered half a size up from what I normally wear and they don't fit.
B0073XIITC Nice, but small. I got these in the same size I have other pumas.. They did not fit at all, not even close. I ended up having to sell them for way less than I payed.  :(  They were cute though.
B0073XIITC Order a litte bigger than normal. I think puma's run half a size small. They hurt my feet for that reason, but They have good cushion and are really easy to keep clean :)
B0073XIITC Fit I read some of the reviews before I ordered. As I can be an 8 or 8 1/2  with a wide foot I ordered the larger size. Someone mention they seen to run small. This is true the fit was spot on. The reviews are very helpful.
B0073XIITC too small Awesome design, comfortable, highly recommend well ventilated if you are about to choose this shoes do it! you wouldn't regret it
B0073XIITC Way too small! Wish I took the reviews a bit more seriously.  My normal size in these fit way too small, I couldn't wait to take them off. My feet hurt.  I should have ordered 2 sizes above.  The problem also is that the nose (front) on them look so long I'm afraid with a larger size I would look like I'm wearing swim fins.
B0073XIITC good shoe, a little tight the shes are good except the toe of them are wayyyyyyy to small at the toe. I can not run or do a fast workout with it begging to hurt
B0073XIITC too small I have already returned and and reordered a half size bigger and they fit perfectly. I have only worn them around the house but lime the way they look and feel.
B0073XIITC Beautiful, but too small Wish they had fit, but this one is the very first size 9M that has been too short for me to comfortably wear.They did seem to be wide enough however
B0073XIITC Had to return This show runs small I ordered up a size but they were still too narrow.  I had to return them.
B0073XIITC But a great shoe. I knew from my daughters that PUMA ran small on them so since I am normally between an 8 and an 8 1/2, I went with the larger size.  I love the shoes.  They look great and feel great.  They're a little tight at first but I am working them in.
B0073XIITC Runs a little small Great colors and comfortable.  They do run a little small.  I would order at least 1/2 size up next time
B0073XIITC Poor sole I only wore once i dont know if i can return them. The small  design in the sole was torn plus my size 8 is kinda small. I dont know if amazon can replace this since its been with me for less than 2 weeks. DONT BUY THIS!!!!!!!!! My 1st time to give review on a product:(
B0073XIITC Luv my shoes !! I normally wear 7.5 but I read a review about them being small so I ordered an 8 and I luv them!!!!
B00772NHWW good shoes for the price but a lil tight. It's a nice shoe but however it does come a little on on small side so I would say go up a size when your ordering.
B00772NHWW Great boot, great price These look and feel great. Extremely lightweight. Order your correct size. Pumas have been known to run small but these do not.
B0077CLM2E Look good but fit quite tight in a size I always wear I've only tried them on. Will attempt to were them at Disneyland next week. Hopefully my assessment that they are a little small will turn out to be incorrect.
B007BLQF6Y Very Nice! I recently purchased this watch, and it's pretty good, material and quality are awesome, the only problem I just found is the size, it's a little small for a man, but I love it anyway!
B007CTSE4Q Looks good but runs small It looks v good on my 20 months old. Keeps her warm in aircon temperatures. Lightweight and good quality. Size runs small though so I'd suggest getting 1 size up... And regret not doing so
B007CTSE4Q Very sweet I got the 2T and it is small on my almost 2 year old. She loves the hoodie and it is very comfortable / warm.
B007IW8NJS Good Sneaker fo rthe price Lightweight and breathable. Good for indoors or light gym activity.Good cushion in heel, not overly thick. Pretty true to size where some of the other PUMA styles run small.Would recommend!
B007IWKBK2 Good looking, but not very comfortable First, it runs small, I normally wear 6.5 and ordered 7. It fits well. However, the hard bottom makes uncomfortable. i will still keep it because it looks nice.
B007IWKBK2 Order a 1/2 size up, These are very cute casual shoes. They do run a bit small, so I would order 1/2 size up as they seem to run a bit small. The shoes are quite comfortable and do not rub at all, but don't quite have enough support to be good for days where you'll be doing heavy walking. I have no problem with the arch support since I tend to wear barefoot shoes, but my toes will hurt if I wear them for any extended period of time.
B007IWKBK2 CRAZY CUTE My old tennis Puma's are size 8 (I'm usually 7.5) so I ordered these in 8: I'm glad I did, cause Puma's classically run small. Overall they are so unique: a combo of classy and sporty. I love them so much! They have great arch-support so they feel like a million bucks on and even arrived with a adorable re-usable Puma bag. AHUmazing;)
B007IX3572 small The shoe was too small plus i didn't ship it back because i have to go thru too much to return it.
B007IX3572 Cute shoe, but way too small! I loved this shoe with the acid-yellow-green 'swish' on the side.  I thought it would be fund to wear and comfortable, so i am so disappointed to report that this shoe runs at least one full size too small.  I bought it first in my usual 8-1/2, but I had to return it for a size 9, because it pinched my toes.  When the new size 9 shoes arrived, I rushed to try them on, thinking my problem was solved, but oh-oh!  Still too small.  In fact, they felt just like the ones I had just returned.  When I held the size 9s up sole to sole with my old 8-1/2 tennis shoes, the old tennies were at least a half inch longer than the Pumas!  So if you decide to order these, be forewarned - order up one size at least.
B007IX3572 Too small I loved these shoes when they arrived but they were way too small.  I chose to ignore the other reviews but they were correct...order at least a half size larger than you normally would. Disappointed.
B007IXCZZU :-( It's ok but size is not exactly like it supposed to be- totally different than in store I really don't know why. I order like always 8.5 and they are too small. Quality is very good and they are so nice but too small.
B007J58WA4 TOO SMALL The size I ordered was too small love the way it looks tthou but its sad that i cant wear it
B007J599HY Fit extremely tight Too bad I didn't tried them with enough time to exchange for a bigger size..they seems to run a lot small .
B007J5K734 too small The shoes was too small size run really small need like a size 8 ore 9 but its ok its a really nice shoes
B007JASSKI Runs small Item ran small should have sent it back. tried them for one day to tight. once worn can't return now there sitting in the closet.
B007JASSKI none i like it for a gift becauseit was a little small for my feet but other i like everything else
B007JAT2EY Love Puma Shoes After finding out that all Puma shoes run small, sized up and they F I T perfectly.  Great Shoe, good quality
B007JATJWE too small the design is not made to fit all feets. too small the design is not made to fit all feets.  I have bought other stuff like this by internet, but this time it cause an issue for me, the design is not for all feets, so despite it was my size I cannot dress up those, so I have to sell those, but nobody likes this.
B007M6B9A0 Love but Pumas run small compared to Nike These are great quality and look great, but the size is small compared to Nike sizes.  Had to exchange 2 times to get the correct size, and even could have gone 1/2 size bigger.  Still love.
B007M6B9A0 Runs small This shoe runs a whole size small and had to deal with the whole reorder deal which was a pain because I bought these for Futsal and need them ASAP. Good quality though looks just as the picture. Also they were comfy once I got the right size
B007M6BKT0 Can't wait for the season to start Bought the leather ones first and they ran small - returned them and bought these. They are more true to size.
B007MAYD2C Super cute, but too small. Discovered that Puma's run small. Bought a size 4 for my little girl, but she needed a 5. Shoes are even cuter in person.
B007MAYD2C Great shoes Pumas run a little small so I get the 1/2 size up. Nice light shoes my daughter can run fast in
B007MAYD2C runs small loves it was just one size to small ..love puma love the sneaker glittery and not to over doing it tanks amazon
B007MF7IRY Very light...runs small These are nice looking light shoes.  I think they look good with shorts, but no so much with long pants.  I returned them because they run extremely small; you definitely need to go 1/2 size large, maybe 1 whole size, if you wear thick socks.
B007P4L4L8 Had to get them hemmed I'm 5' 7&#34;  about 160lbs so I bought small; I still had to get them hemmed and raised about a good 3 inches.  The waist is perfect.Other than that they fit and look great and are really comfortable to wear.
B007P4O2LM Feels good but doesn't fit well The velour definitely feels very, very good but it doesn't fit well. I bought the small and it runs larger (especially around my arms).It's thin but the velour makes it look thicker.Features two inner pockets and two outside zippered pockets.
B007P4O2LM Sweet I got my fianc&eacute; this velour track suit for his birthday and its all he wants to wear.  I think the jacket runs true to size if not a little tiny bit small.  Awesome zipper pockets too.
B007P5Q0QQ Attire runs very small The quality of the attire is very good however it runs very small.  Even when I usually wear a large- I got an x- large and it still was quite fitted. But then again Puma is known to run small.
B007P5QIUE Puma velour jacket I love this jacket.  However, it runs small, so order the next size up. I ordered small, which I wear and it was like an extra small.  I gave it to my daughter and I got a new medium.  It fit.  Doesn't wrinkle - great for travel and looks good with jeans, yoga pants, etc.  The price was excellent.
B007P5QIUE Soft & warm velour Cream / winter white velour, soft and warm to wear. Ok I normally wear a small but followed others advice and went for a medium, it is definitely a small cut so do order up a size. Otherwise a great find at the right price.
B007P5QIUE Love the jacket - fit is snug I ordered the pants and the jacket in a medium.  I wear between a 4 and a 6.  The pants fit comfortably - I could probably have gotten away with a small.  The jacket is snug!  A large might have been more comfortable.  The medium is flattering, but tigher than I would have liked.
B007P5QU9S Sizing not right Ok, I normally order a small in pants, I'm a 5 and small equals 4-6, however this fits more like a medium, just to big. Otherwise the quality and cut of the pants is good, looks like these will be going back to Amazon.
B007P5Y5WW Size issue The hoodie is perfect and the neck is not tight like other brands....BUT I first got a medium and it was way to small so I got a large and it is really not much bigger. It is still small so I don't wear it. In Under Armor brand I wear a medium.
B007P5Y5WW Way too small This hoodie is excellent quality. It's thick, lined with soft fleece on the inside, except for the hood, that's cotton. It's definitely made for cool/cold weather. However, it is most certainly not true to size. I ordered a Large, since I like to be flexible in my workout clothes, and it looks and feels like a Small! Seriously. It's such a bummer too, because its such a great quality, even fitted and pinned to look feminine but it's a very tight fit. It's not a stretchy fabric either. I think I'll be wearing this as more of a dressed down casual look with jeans because I don't think it's workout material.
B007P6F2J6 Great! Really good product, good fabric and very comfortable. pick a bigger size cause it's kind a small. I do recommended.
B007PAYRRK runs small i bought this in xl to fit my curvy 165lb, 5'7 body, the colors are nice, not too bright but eye catching, it has a soft hand and is long but it runs very small, slim fit, body hugging but stretchy so it's not skin tight without give. i prefer looser, more flowing tops so i don't have to tug and pull down. i'd say this tee fits like a large-i bought the xl, so size up. got it? runs one size small, long, soft, comfortable feel and pretty cute if you like stripes.
B007PK5T0Y Too small Too small, my wife is 8.5 and buy 9 and did not fit well. I should have bought 9.5. They are for narrow feet.
B007PK5T0Y Love the colour and shape but fit too small I am a true size 8 which is what I bought here but the shoe is way too small for me
B007PK5T0Y VERY GOOD I like them very much although I didn't estimate the size very well and they are somewhat small. Despite that i love them
B007PK5T0Y Run Small Great track shoe.  It does run small which I expected and ordered the next size up because I read previous reviews feedback.
B007PK5T0Y Sixe runs small I ordered a 9.5 for my daughter for Christmas. They fit her feet but just barely...kind of a bummer, oh well.
B007PK5T0Y Not Impressed Fits a bit small, color is off, they seem to be irregular. Need to return, wouldn't buy again. Good price, that's about it, if not for them being narrow, shoes wouldv'e been decent.
B007PK5T0Y Nice shoe, but too small I love the way the shoe looks, but it is NARROW and SMALL.  I ordered 1/2 a size bigger to compensate, but it's still way too tight.
B007Q36U4Y Somewhat small My kids loved these shoes, expect for the fact that the fit a little small for the size that they wear.
B007SM2M2W Super Cute My two year old loves these shoes.  They are super cute.  I find Puma to run a little small.  My daughter usually wears an 8 and these are a 9 and fit perfect.
B007SM2M2W Adorable Keep in mind Pumas run small, order a size bigger than you need for your child.  These are super cute.
B007TH1UYC small these shoes are very small mold, skin tight left me, I am 11 1/2 and all related marks are either me or a little comfortable but with this brand puma, or will the shoe is really very little left to me tight ... did not taste much
B007TI6OXS Too small Nice soccer cleat, good quality and looks great but it runs at least one size small, so i could not use it or return it since i live in Venezuela and returning items is not a viable option for us.
B007UM8E1S Really nice shoes I would have love the shoes, I love the black and silver but it was too small have to return it soo bad.
B007WQH1SY Three Stars Too small but well made
B007WQHWIS Seems Nice But Too Small Nice, very light shoe, but even a size 13 is too small for my (15-year-old) son's feet.  Toe box is very low, so plan accordingly.  Never got to wear on the field - back they go.
B007X2OPC2 Cute, runs small like other Puma shirts love Puma stuff, and this does run a little small like other Puma shirts, but thankfully I knew that and ordered a size bigger
B0084CXMLK Sizing runds small! So my daughter normally wears a 10/12 top and this large just fits. I think they are very small. So I suggest that your size up.
B0086FN9MW Happy but runs BIG! It's Puma, what else can I say but great quality, true to color, nice and thick material.... BUT RUN'S HUGE!!! My son is going to have to wait a couple of years (no joke) to wear this....that's how big it runs!Do I recommend! Yes, absolutely, just size down! I listened to another review about how it runs small....NO IT DOES NOT. My son is a 10-12 and I have a 14-16 sweat shirt that he can't wear until he is, well.............14.I fit into this this hoodie perfectly...it's that big!!!!!!!
B008A64J6M size is not a match Love the shoe but way too small. I wear size 7, ordered these shoes in a size 7 but had to return them because they were so small. Ordered a 7.5 and once again too small. Not sure if an 8 would fit properly? ?? Outside of the sizing issue. ... I love the shoe!!
B008A6CIL0 Look for a bigger size I GAVE 4 STARS FOR THE GREAT LOOK AND COMFORT. VERY LIGHT WEIGHT AND AND GREAT FOR WALKING.ALOTHOUGH MOST SHOE BRANDS I AM NORMALLY AND 8,EVEN THE SIZE 9 WERE TO SMALL FOR ME.
B008A6CIL0 Puma runs small I purchase this shoes for my self im a size 10 but this run more like 8.5 -9. For the price i decided to keep them and gift them to my little sister.
B008A6COO6 Made small So i bought these and i like them but they are made small! So for example im a size 8 1/2 but these were way too tight so i should of got a size 9 .
B008A6JWU0 love these shoes! super comfortable and very cute.  i have them in two colors.  i think they run a bit small as i usually wear 5.5-6 but had to go with 6.5.
B008A6JWU0 cute and comfortable I've only got to wear them a little but, they are comfortable. I bought a half size larger since other reviews said they ran small.
B008A6JWU0 Perfection I really needed some good work shoes/excersize shoes and these are amazing. I do lots of walking at work and for the price of these, they're amazing. Good quality and they do run small so I ordered half a size up and they fit perfect.
B008A6K4HU ripoff do not buy from this seller ever The shoes did not fit my wife even though I ordered a half size larger than she normally wears.  They were still too small.  Also, the puma was ripped off the side.  They were in crappy condition.
B008A6K4HU WAY TOO SMALL I wear a size 8.5 or 9 - ALWAYS. I ordered these in a 9.5 because other reviews said they ran small and I could barely get my foot in. So I tried again and ordered them in a 10; these kind of fit, but I think I would have preferred a 10.5 (I was too lazy to return them a second time).Additionally, the stitching is already coming apart in 3 months!  I only wear them to cross fit 2x a week so they are not overly used. I really like the style and the fact that they are so narrow, but I wouldn't recommend these shoes to anyone.
B008A6KTKC Puma I ordered a half size larger and the shoes are still too tight. They run really small. Disappointed that I will either have return them or sell.
B008A6KTKC Too small.  Sent back I loved the color, but didn't realize there was a tight elastic insert to fit your foot into.  No good for me.
B008A6KTKC Comfortable They were slightly small, and I returned them. However they were just barely too small. I could tell if they had fit, they would be very nice comfortable shoes.
B008A6KTKC super cute but small sadly they run small. i love how they look but i will be returning them for a bigger size. shucks
B008A6KTKC I like these shoes just to small Great people to work with, fast delivery, just runs smaller & narrow.  Can't wait to try a bigger size, lots of color options.
B008A6KTKC Nice but didn't fit. I bought these as a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves them but they have to be returned because they are too small.
B008A6KTKC Perfect Cute and comfy. The fit is just right, not too big or small. Many people have commented and I've only worn them once!
B008A6KTKC Super shoes These are comfortable and keep my feet extra stable when I work out.  I like them, but they run a bit small.  I would not buy them again unless they come in Half sizes.
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! They fit a half size too small. But these shoes are super comfortable and awesome for working out! I love them!
B008A6KTKC m They are to small and cost ridiculous amount to send mell back and get correct size.  people at shoe place not nice at all. very bad experience
B008A6KTKC wrong size The shoes looked great. Great quality! 7 1/2 was way too small. I went to a 8 1/2 because they wereSo small.
B008A6KTKC not happy Look alot better online! Expected them to look do eide sfter you put them on !  very small opening gor your foot .
B008A6YAFW A bit too small but a nice shoe I'd go a size larger in the future but for now these shoes are wonderful. Especially after breaking them in.
B008A6YCRI These are ok but These are good for outdoor use, but they run small. I bought an 11 and they feel like a 9 or a 10. They are slightly uncomfortable, but bareable. ORDER A SIZE BIGGER when ording these cleats.
B008A6YJDU First pair of cleats and I love them I play flag football and I needed a pair of cleats.  I looked for some not too expensive and came across these.  I love the bright colours and they are very comfortable.  I read a couple of reviews about sizing and most said they run a little small. I normally wear 7.5 so I ordered an 8.  At first I thought the 8 was a little small but apparently cleats are supposed to be a little tight.  Anyways I tried them out and they arent small at all and they make me so agile on the field! They're great, I love them!
B008A6YJDU Ran small, but comfortable The cleats ran a little small, so I needed to go a half size up.  No blisters, they were much more comfortable than expected.
B008A6YJDU Runs small Runs a 1/2 size to full size too small. Was disappointed that I had to pay to ship the shoes back for exchange! Waiting for the replacements to come now. Hope the new ones fit.
B008A77PNA Runs small I love the color and style but the run a lil small not sure why . I guess will just try a shoe stretcher
B008AH39YE Puma for Girls Super Price on these  items! Sizing runs small though.  Buy larger one or even two sizes. My grandaughter loves them!
B008AHFYLA Too small! I would love to see my baby wearing this lovely Puma. She is 1 year, and I purcheased a 12 month. It is too small,and may fit a 6month baby.
B008AILQJI Nice lightweight running shoe, but was too small even though I have another set of same sized pumas. They have good grip but occasional suction-like sound from bottom. I recommend thoroughly breaking this product and maybe even get a half size larger than normal
B008AILZZI Runs small, but returned for bigger size This shoe runs small, but I returned for the next half size up and it fit great. Good buy as always from amazon
B008AJZ5OO Good but too small Sneakers are good looking but too small,My size is 43 EU and i order 43.So if you will order this one order 1 size bigger.
B008AJZ5OO Runs small Runs small had to send back.  Ordered a 10 which arrived three days later and it fits fine and trim is red not wild yellow
B008AJZBG6 its too small i chose this rating because its a bit small, overall its a nice shoe, i would recommend this for everyday casual wear.
B008AK6Q8C small/tight little tight.look  ugly when i wear with jeans. if possible i want to return it.thank you .no more this item.
B008AK6Q8C Great looking BUT they run small I usually wear a ... Great looking BUT they run small I usually wear a 10 and ordered a 10.5 but they run narrow alsoStill like them
B008AKOFGW two numbers smaller then my number very disappointed this is two numbers smaller,i wear 12 ,i order 13 base on other reviews that is too small and still to small!!!!!
B008AKOFGW runs small Not for daily wear but they are ok
B008AL36G6 Sizing off In most pumas they run too small.  These ran to big.  There also wasn't much lining inside the shoe which made them uncomfortable.  Had to return.
B008AL5NN0 Dirt diver Great looking shoes and the fit perfect. Puma shoes always run on the small size so order them a half bigger
B008ALI936 Too small There seemed to be some disagreement as to the sizing of the Puma shoes.  Most said too small, other said too large.  I vote with the too small, that is, too narrow.  Amazon very nicely replaced the 10-1/2 with size 11, and they are really too tight for a walking shoe.  I got them for cycling with clips, so I am not too concerned with the left shoe being a tad narrow, so since there is no other width offered and the uppers are of man-made material so will not stretch, get them maybe a full size larger.
B008ALX6SO Small fit Ran very small for an 11.5 Traction ok not great on field turf, better for real grass or indoor surfaces
B008ALX6SO Husband loved them Loved the style, loved the nubbie length, the only thing is they run small, so be sure and order half size up.
B008ALX6SO Nice, but runs small I really like the way the shoes handle a ball, but you'll definitely want to get at least 1/2 size up from normal.
B008ALX6SO small size Good shoes, multi-cleats are great for all surfacea. The problem is that size is not accurate. They seem very little
B008ALXU2Q Good cleats for your money I like this shoes, they fit great and they are soft cosidering they are soccer cleats. good ball handling, you should order 1/2 size bigger if Puma cleats are small for you
B008ALXVMK length was right, but too small everywhere else Not a fan, too small in the volume, the length was right on though. seemed like decent cleats, the mix of synthetic half way up the forefoot with leather seems like it would have been problematic over time so I sent them back.
B008ALYJQW Way too small This shoe comes in one size smaller, maybe it will fit women. Didn't have a chance use it at all.
B008AWU21W It is the best puma It is very stylish but it is larger than my other puma sneaker shoes. So you can order half or one small number
B008AXTOQ0 plastic stripe on the side makes shoe look cheap Way too small. It has an inner fixed sock like liner which I imagine provides a snug fit.  It runs a good had size small and u have narrow feet. Color schemes are too busy.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe, a little small Nice shoe, a little small with a different design then I am used to.  But over all happy with purchase
B008AXTOQ0 Returned I really liked the look of the shoe.  The size on the box is correct, but they are really mis-sized.  TOO SMALL.  Had to return them at my expense.  Now they really ain't inexpensive.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes, fit kind of small Fit kind of small and when you ware them do not look like the shoe by itself on the picture
B008AXTOQ0 A bit small but still ok My size 10 Pumas that I have had for three years fit like a glove so I purchased these size 10 Pumas on line and they're a bit too small. I'll probably keep them though, they're just not what I expeted.
B008AXTOQ0 nice shoes they feel comfortable unfortunately its a bit tight on the ankle part and snug on the toes 13 runs a little too small compared to other shoes
B008AXTOQ0 Love Pumas I have many pair this runs like most small go up a half size and full size might be a little too much.. Love these shoes can not wait to go for a run in the morning ..
B008AXTOQ0 Very bright Great shoe I get tons of compliments! Sizes run a bit small so go bigger than your norm. Two more
B008AXTOQ0 fit to small this shoes are very attractive but the size of it's too small for my actual foot size. i can use it
B008AXTOQ0 it's ok this product it's very beautiful and have nice price, so only have problem with too small, but in general it's ok
B008AXTOQ0 Seems to run small Like the shoes but seem to run small. Might be because it doesn't have a tongue. Should probably look at the next size up.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice looking shoe but way too small This is my first pair of Puma's and I can wear a 10.5 or 11. I bought a 10.5 and it was way to small.  With socks on and the shoes tied my feet hurt and look like the circulation was cut from my feet.  I hate returning things but theses will have to got back.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes I actually ordered the blue Hawaii colored shoes but they were smaller than I anticipated and switched for this style in a size 12.  I love them. They're stylish, comfortable and better deal than some of the other major brands. I checked Eastbay, Sports Authority, and Academy's website and didn't like their style of shoes.  Keep in mind, Puma runs about a size too small so factor that in when ordering.  I'm very happy with my purchase. I only give it 4 stars because Amazon didn't tell me the shoe runs small and I had to send back my original shoe.m
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes but they run small These shoes are nice quality and all around good looking, but they run small if you do not have a very narrow foot.
B008AXY38Y Good quality, a little on the small side I love the shoe, the design is eye-catching (I get compliments all the time about them), but they do run a little small. Normally, a 10.5 will fit me, so I ordered these in an 11, and I still feel like they're a half size too small, so whatever your normal &#34;gym shoe&#34; size is, add one size, and order those.
B008AXY38Y Puma Men's Cell Surin White/Flamescarlet/Black Very Comfortable, great looking shoe, Puma runs 1/2 size small so order accordingly. will buy again and again and again!
B008AY1ZNY I should have paid attention to the reviews People said they run a little small. They do. That said, I didn't return them and they stretched a bit and now are a good fit. Very stylish and very comfy.
B008AZLCBI Don't fit, too small!!! Shoes were way too small.  They cut into my Achilles the first time I ran in them, blood soaked my foot as I ran.
B008B7NE2K Super Cute! Super cute outfit.  Runs a little small but otherwise good quality.  Cute ruffle on the bottom of the jacket makes it perfect for girls.
B008BXRZ9W runs small My daughter could not get her foot into this shoe.  She has a deep instep and it was small overall.
B008EYO4TW Cute shoe, but runs small This is a cute shoe, and the styling makes it nice enough to wear to work (strappy detail, and no big PUMA logo), but it does run small. I had to buy one full size up from my normal size so I could add an insert for more padding. These shoes are more casual flat than sneaker, and are more constrained/less soft than the Zandy. I expect them to be pretty comfortable once they loosen up a bit.
B008EYO4TW runs small I don't know why Puma's shoes run small, and it really drives me nuts. But I have returned these shoes and hopefully will buy a different pair.
B008EYO4TW Run small! Love the look of these shoes! However, I usually wear a 9, but in the past have needed a 9 1/2 in Puma flats. Ordered a 9 1/2 in these and they are too small.
B008EYO4TW So Cute!! I wanted these shoes for the days when I wear workout apparel while running errands around town.  I read the reviews before I purchased them and noticed that a lot of people said they run small.  Well, it made me a little nervous so I waited until I went into a Puma store to try on this style before ordering them.  It turns out I am the same size as I am in all my shoes, 8.5.  They fit perfectly.  So, I don't think these shoes run small, they're super cute, the color is just like in the picture and they're really really comfortable.  I may just have to get them in another color, darn ;-).
B008EYO4TW Great flats for walking First, the other reviewers are correct, these shoes run a little small so order a half size up. I normally wear a 9 1/2 and I ordered a 10 and they fit perfectly. They look like a cute flat but feel like a super comfy sneaker. I walk 2 miles a day to get to and from work, and they have been great!!
B008EYP1K8 I love Puma Ballerina Shoes!!;-D I love the Puma Ballerina Slipper Shoes!! I own several pairs. They run about a half size small, but if you take that into consideration they fit wonderfully & look beautifully feminine.Sincerely,Mrs. &#34;I&#34;
B008F05ZMA Pretty good I wear small or medium and this was just right for small. Not to tight and not too lose. I'll try it in a rain and see how it performs but so far so good.
B008F061QO to much small than i expected I did not expect that the industry like this T-shirtPredicted that the industry is completely differentBut also i said its not bad .. thanks alot for speed in ship
B008F063BM Nice shoes but run small Nice shoes, but do run small and narrow, order a size up. I would love to keep it but didn't fit, will need to order a size up.
B008F063BM Runs quite small Purchased these through an Amazon Lightning deal and loved the look of the sneaker. However, I had to return them because they were quite small. I always wear a size 8 and usually have no problem with shoe fit. These sneakers were at least a half size small and, if I ordered them again, would probably go up a whole size. As a previous reviewer mentioned, there is no way I could wear socks with these shoes in my regular size.
B008F063BM Comfortable.  A bit small. These fashion sneakers are comfortable but run small. If you plan on wearing socks, I recommend going up a half size. I got the black pair and they are pretty cute, they look like running shoes but are marketed as fashion sneakers.  As comfortable as they are, I do not regret my purchase,  but I know I won't be able to wear socks with them, and that's kind of gross.
B008F06KB0 Not right for my foot It's small about the ball and toe, but is too loose in the heel. Nice style but not for me.
B008F06T0W So Comfy Fits perfect and looks great! It will be hard to keep them clean. I already have a small scuff mark on them.
B008F0LPDS Love Them! They run a bit small, but I really like them and they are very comfortable.I can wear them anytime.I don't use them for running, but just for kicking around.
B008F17R2K Runs Very Small I liked the look of the shoe, but it ran far too small in both length and width.  Order larger for yourself.
B008F17R2K Too small My shoe's size is 8.5 and so far all the shoes I've gotten online fit well. This one was too small for me. I was unable to return this pair of shoes for a better fit as I had to travel overseas for a few weeks and at the end I gave them to my brother. The design is superb, really good quality and the colors are really good. I would've given 5 stars, but with the size issue I give only 3 stars. If you want to get these shoes, get a size 0.5 bigger than usual.
B008F17R2K 1/2 size small They look great and are good quality but the are a little small.  Because of the rubber outside try might take a little longer to break in.
B008F17R2K Fit issues. I like like this shoe a lot, but the problem is an 11 is somewhat small feeling but an 11.5 is too roomy. So order accordingly.
B008F17R2K Great looking shoe Only problem is that it was a little small. Had to return it for a half size larger than I usually wear.
B008F17R2K Stylish and Trendy A very good looking shoe, I purchased it a half size larger because of reviews saying it ran small, but it wasn't too cramped and left a little wiggle room.
B008F17R2K WAY TOO SMALL!!! Cool shoe but sizing is TOTALLY OFF and Amazon should warn people.  1/2 to a full size too small.  Incorrectly marked.
B008F17R2K Run very small They have a nice feel to the material but sizing is way off they are 1-1 1/2 size too small
B008F17R2K size small Shoe looks good quality, very light shoe, nice fit excellent good cushion but some kind of small size half number
B008F17R2K Tight Toe Box I wore these a couple of times and had to give them away. They fit small and have a constricted toe box. I would order a half-size larger.
B008F17R2K Too Small These came in too small and I have always worn a size 12 shoe. I ended up giving these to my son that wore a size 11
B008F17R2K Not a bad product. They are nice and light!  The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is I wish I would have known they were somewhat small I would have gone with a half size bigger!  The first 2 days they hurt my feet but after that they were fine.
B008F17R2K Read reviews! I wish I would of read the reviews on these shoes before I ordered them. They are a bit small. I wear a 10 1/2 slip on shoe and 11 tie shoe. This is a bit small but I can still use them.I never had Puma shoes before.
B008F17R2K Ive got a small size. I find it small.It is not the one I expected.I would like to have a bigger one that this if possible.
B008F17R2K I like them. Excellent,excellent looks great fits good great walking or running. They do run small so order at least 1/2 size larger.
B008F17R2K the shoes looks very cheap the shoes looks very cheap, ithought Puma is good brand ,  too small, I am 8.5 but i  got 9 to be comfortable and still very small, returned it next day.
B008F17R2K Great shoe, very comfortable, runs about 1/2 size small so order wisely The shoe looks great and is one of the most comfortable I've ever used. Usually I get blisters running or walking long distances with many shoes, I didn't even get any blisters with these....didn't even have to break them in or get used to them.I read many reviews on here stating that these run small by even a whole size....I usually take a 10.5 and I ordered an 11 and luckily they fit me perfect!
B008F2DK3O Didn't fit me This top ran a little small.  I normally wear an xs or small and ordered a small and it was just too tight.  I returned it.
B008F2DOOE sweat pants They came in the bag too small even though the black ones fit perfectly. Also the material was too flimsy as compared to the black ones.
B008J3D40S Order a size up! Looks great on my 2 year old but runs small. Most if her 3t clothes still fit a bit larger but this shirt fits on the snug side. Definitely won't fit her for long, wish I ordered a 4t!
B008KH204O Runs Small I purchased this hoodie for my daughters P.E. class.It looks so cute and fun and matches the pants perfectly.Unfortunately, the jacket runs really small so even by orderingthe x-large, it didn't quite fit right. At the time when I ordered it,that was the largest size available.Kids being kids, my daughter just wears a t-shirt and then wearsthe hoodie on top of the t-shirt without zipping it up. That lookactually works too. I was just disappointed because I wanted herto able to zip it up in case she wanted to wear the outfit while shewas taking classes during the winter.
B008KJ5MWY Somewhat Small I really liked the hoodie but it was smaller than I expected.  I thought I was buying it one size larger but it barely fit.  The next time I will get it 2 sizes larger
B008L717ME Very cute but run small! Omg...these are very cute and look well made. However, they run small! I wear a 8.5 in Nike and New Balance but an 8.5 in these are just way too small. So they had to be returned. I was just sad they were out of stock to get the size up. I guess I will be looking for a different pair.
B008M7S5NC Good deal, a little small The pair only came out to $24, so it was a great deal.  The size runs a little small.  I wear size 10.5 w/ Onitsuka Tigers, and got these in a size 11, but they still felt small, a size 11.5 would have worked out better.
B008PT3Z0K Love Puma These pants just seem to run a bit small for an XLarge size. However, the quality is just what you'd expect from Puma, very nice!
B008QX8VWM Happy One shoe has a small black stain on the orange part. It's very noticeable but I an still very happy with them.
B008QY0MWS Four Stars Nice shoes but they run small
B008QY0MWS cut way too small I have a man's normal size (medium) for years and have always worn a 9 1/2. This shoes were ordered in a 10 and they were way too small. Liked the look of the shoe to send back and order an 11. Will update if they fit the way they should.
B008QY0MWS It's a little bit small, but alright Usually I wear size 8.5 of all PUMA shoes, but this model turns out to be a little bit small for me. It would be better if I took a size 9 pair in the first place, buyers should note it.
B008QY1X0S At least .5 size too small These shoes are great except the first pair was a little too small by at least a .5 size. The thing with Puma I've noticed is that their sizes arent too consistent. I could not find these in local stores, even Dicks or Sports Authority so I tried on Puma's there to try and get a fitting size I would need. Was debating between a 10 and 10.5 so I ordered the 10.5 to be safe. But the 10.5 ended up being too small so reordered an 11. Other than running small these shoes look great and are comfortable.
B008QY1X0S size runs small. A little bit tight in my toes up front. Hopefully they will break in and stretch about a half inch.
B008QY1X0S Nice Just what I ordered, not too big not too small now my golf game is awsome I don't fall like a old man in the t box
B008QY1X0S not good for puma the toe was a little small and it just didn't live up to my expectations for puma.  sent it back immediately.
B008QY1X0S order .5 size larger Runs a bit small. But they are comfy and great looking. My husband loves them. The grip on the bottom works well on slick grass.
B008RAGKBS sneakers are made small im a 10 1/2 in every sneaker ive worn for the kast 20 years and these were way too tight
B008RAGKBS Cool These shoes pop! I don't think they would be much of a running shoe because they are fairly flat with small arches but they are still pretty comfortable. I thought they would be a little small being that i have a large size 13 foot but they run true. Very pleased.
B008RAGKBS As for size, Puma seems to run  small The shoes are well made and of high quality. I like them but I had to return them as they are too tight.
B008VQOGQ4 Great looks and comfort These little boots and very comfortable for walking or standing on the job.  They run a little small, so order 1/2 size up. The wine color is quite stylish for Fall.
B008VUJBLA Too small They were too small. I need a size 6. I should have ordered a size 6. I returned them today. Via ups
B008VUJBLA Great choice Great sneaker for my son. Runs maybe half a size small, but maybe standard for Puma - these are our first Pumas that I can recall.  Look great.
B008VV0TJ2 Perfect! I'm a huge fan of pumas and these had navy and gold which matched my daughter's uniforms perfectly. Pumas generally run a little small but I would actually say these are true to size. They are extremely flexible and lightweight.
B008VV1KZE my son's new favorite shoe These were a big hit with my 8 year old.  They look cool, are very light, help him run "fast", and still are available with a velcro closure.  It makes the busy mornings a bit easier.  They run small and we had to return the size 1 he usually wears and get a size 2.
B0098IBSU6 1 size smaller. The shoes looked good but fit 1 size small. Big toe was being pushed. Not too tight, just too small.
B009DUWCEA Well, They're Pumas I love these shoes and would recommend these for any puma wearers. They're an interesting style, but that's kinda how pumas are.p.s. I think the sizes might be a little small. I have 9 1/2 feet and I got 10 shoes, but they're still really tight.
B009FD25EC a kind of small to be a 9.5 size Kind of small I had to put them on sale but its a nice model and confortable, just need to chek the zize.
B009FD2LM8 Runs small These are some great light weight shoes.  I bought a pair of these in my size, but had to return them because they were to small.  I bought a half size bigger and they fit great.
B009FD2LM8 the Shoes are too small I think the way what we are looking the site is quite opposite when it comes to reality. Since it is small
B009FD2LM8 Love the shoe, but too small. I love the shoes and have owned about 10 pair and have worn 9.5's for all of them.  This pair was too small compared to all others.
B009FD2LM8 Too Small Too small compared to 11.5 US,side by side, with Nike. Looks nice. However, if you can't wear it,Just no point in having the shoe. Will return.
B009FD2LM8 Runs very small As other reviews note, this show runs small.  I bought them initially in my standard size, but couldn't even get my feet in them.  I returned them for a half size bigger.  They fit, but very snugly.  I probably should have gone a full size up, but I was concerned about them being too loose at that point.
B009FD2LM8 Nice looking sneakers but... too small, had re order next larger size which hopefully will fit well, otherwise they looked great, and seemed good quality
B009FDPVRK Runs 1/2 a size small Usually I wear a 9.5, but my toes are a little scrunched in these, even after a few months of wear and loose tying.  I would recommend going up a half size.  Otherwise these shoes are light and comfortable, but those with extra wide feet might want to look elsewhere.
B009FDPVRK SMALL Nice shoe .TOO SMALL. I guess I'll never learn that an 11.5 at one company will be an 11 somewhere else. Ordered a cleaning spray + sneakers & food. 2 of them can't be returned ,thats cool.The sneakers are stuck in the middle of the order and the return drop [ reason for return ]won't open ! So now I have the chance ,to spend a little time calling on this.......But first time it has happened in hundreds of orders ,having a return problem .
B009FDPVRK too small too small as 9.5 goes.  worn 9.5 for over 30 years and these were not even close.  Shame as it looked like a good shoe.
B009FDPVRK Too Small But got a exchange THe shoes were too small at first, but I expected that based on previous comments, but got a quick exchange and fits good
B009FDR416 nice shoe, very comfortable but size runs small I like the shoe overall, very comfy looks good.  Nice very bright blue color, but I've been a size 11 my entire adult life and this shoe runs a little small.  I should've probably gotten a 11.5.  If you wear no socks or very thin socks the fit is ok.
B009FDR416 Great look &iexcl;&iexcl;. Have been somewhat small, but looks great !! you may consider to choose ~1 size above as usually you used to.
B009FLJ5WO Four Stars Look good - nice styling - seem to run somewhat small
B009FLJKWY Too small I bought a 9 1/2 and it was too small.  Returned and got a 10 fit ok without sox but now that fall is comming it is also too small.  I don't know why a shoe would be a full size too small.
B009FM3XO4 smaller than I think somewhat small
B009FMPS06 Runs small My husband is normally a 12 in vans, with socks they fit perfect.  These shoes were small (toes to tip) without socks.  Otherwise we would've kept them.
B009FMSK1A Perfect fit. Order these based on a review that they run small. So I ordered the next size up. Perfect fit. They are very light and comfortable for my needs around the house. Supports the ankle better.
B009FN614C A bit small I like it is selling small. Wear good looking, but also in a very cost-effective discount when buying.Color which looks like an old, very nice to wear in spring
B009FN614C Adorable I love the shoes, I normally wear a 7 but had read they run small so ordered 7.5, those are even a little snug. Next time I would buy a full size up.
B009FN614C They run small I love the wedge, love the style, and I like the shoes. The run a little small. I got a 7 1/2, and if I wear these for more than 4 hours or so, it's apparent that I should have ordered an 8. Other than that, they're great.
B009FN614C SO CUTE AND COMFY Love these. I usually wear a size 6 but went for the 6 1/3 because Puma does run small sometimes and these fit perfectly. I love the little wedge, as I'm only 5.3 and even if it's just an inch or so, I like to feel taller. They are comfy like regular sneakers but with a little lift. Will buy others now for sure.
B009FN6NRW i hate  them wish never got them  thank gdo they took them back i just hate them  there so  small  i  jus  so  happy  to  be able to return them
B009G1D7MM RUNS VERY SMALL IT'S A REALLY NICE LOOKING SNEAKER BUT BE WARNED THAT IT RUNS SMALL. I GET MY USUAL SIZE OF 9 AND IT FIT VERY TIGHT. I WAS HOPING THAT AFTER WEARING IT SEVERAL TIMES AND PUTTING IN SHOE STRETCHERS ON A NIGHTLY BASIS, IT WOULD BE A BETTER FIT. BUT  NO SUCH LUCK. DEF SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN HALF A SIZE BIGGER.
B009G1T5YG Nothing wrong, just too small Nice, light and good price but too small..i would like to get a bigger Sizeand wider if possible..do you have any ww?
B009G1T5YG run small so order larger Great shoes but run a little small order 1/2 size larger next timeVery comfortable and you can see in dark while walking
B009G1UD2E they look cool. but they run too small they look cool, but buy a size up. putting them on and off, can be hard because there is no tongue to loosen the grip around your ankle. they run so tight, you cant even wear socks!
B009G1UD2E Returning! Inside elastic insert so tight I can't get my foot in.  Size seems to run small, hard to tell with inability to try it completely on.
B009G1VXJG Great support I like the color and style of the shoes. They have great support when I run. They tend to run a little small so it's best to order a half size larger.
B009G1VXJG Runs small and inadequate for anything but looks. The shoe runs small with my normal size 6 being unbearably uncomfortable to wear.  After ordering a larger size and wearing the shoe a bit, my experience is it's for looks only and does not have enough of a sole to provide comfort/stability for any physical activities.
B009G1WZP2 too small had to get an 8. think my foot got bigger.. I exchanged for an 8 and it fits perfect and they are cute
B009GZS6OW slightly too small These shoes look great but are slightly too small. The soul is a little thin so they are a little uncomfortable to wear for too long.
B009KSDDUM Runs VERY small Great shoe but it runs almost a size and a half small. Because the next size up was more expensive we purchased a pair of New Balances instead.
B009KSDDUM way too small Read reviews and I ordered these 1 size bigger for my daughter and still ended up being too small. She wore them to school and they caused her heels to blister. Same problem happened with my other daughter with a different pair of puma's. Really good looking shoes.
B009KSDDUM Cute The sneakers are cute and a great price but beware online shoppers they do run very small. I purchased an entire size bigger for September and the just fit them now probably won't make it into October
B009KSDTL0 Runs pretty small, bad design. This sneaker does not have a velcro or any kind of latch. The opening is VERY SMALL. I read other reviews and found that run small. So, I decided to order 2 size larger size than what my son wears now. But, they were still pretty hard to put on.I would NOT recommend this product.
B009KSDTL0 Good shoes fits a bit small for an 8 Good shoes fits a bit small for an 8 my little guy is wearing a 7 right now so was hoping to get an 8 to last until next summer but it seems these shoes are tight for an 8.
B009LAWG7U Great looking tee, fits small Thankfully I read a previous review that said it shrinks so I bought a size up. It looks great but definitely runs small.
B009MNYG1U fits May want to order a half size bigger as these shoes run on the small side. Nice looking just to narrow and snug.
B009MNYG1U Too small Runs small hurt my feet,was not what I  wanted at all,was really let down !  I am really surprised because the picture was so nice .
B009MNYG1U Look great, run small I expected leather bc of the word nubuck in the name,  but they are man made,  plastic-like material ..... also, I ordered my normal size, and they feel a half size smaller.  I kept them, though,  bc they look good.
B009SCY9AI Great looking shoe, but I guess even European shoes run small. I bought these to wear for long trip and spirited driving.  They run a small.  Get at least one helf size larger than you normally would.  Closest thing to my race shoes without being too gaudy and nomex.
B009SCY9AI its ok i bought this in size 10 which surprisingly was small to my feet. I wear a 10 shoes but in this company 10 runs small.
B009SD2936 PUMAs... I would just like to say I like these PUMAS I like the color and the style just one size too small.
B009STNEF2 Bit large Ive told some about buy this shoes larger than normal size because it could came small. This wasn't that case so prevent this to future shops.
B009STS060 the shoe is good flat, light, comfortable, very breathable, does not run small, great for an experienced runner, the color matches the picture, good price
B009SU4IDI Perfect fit Comfortable and fits perfectly.  Puma runs small in women's sizes so the 7 fits my 6.5 foot perfectly.  Will purchase another in the future
B009SU4IDI Love the shoe runs a little small I normally wear a size 8 1/2 and after reading reviews that they run small, I ordered a size 9 . The 9 fits great and I love the shoes.
B009SWB1BS Super cute, but small I would order a size or two up.  These were too small for my son.  I have a younger son and will save them for him since they are so cute and a good price.
B009SWX7TW came the small size the shoe came out small, even I have not used it yet because the size came small. cost me sell it.
B009SWX7TW Everything is Perfection but one small issue Looks exactly like the picture of it here, it's the lightest shoes I've ever worn.  The looks are perfection, everybody loves it but small problem is the heel part of the shoe feels like it's about to whenever worn slip off.  You can still do whatever in it, I mean it won't fall off.
B009XG0UUM great Love this jacket!  Fits right and is of good quality.  I would order the same product again when this size is too small.
B009YGXAM6 Disappointed! The color of this looked like it would be mint green but it is actually neon green.  My son is 8 months old and I got the 12 month size which was way too small.  The jacket would fit an average 6 month old- the sleeves are very small and the pants have a very narrow waist. My son is 21lbs but I also bought the Adidas track suit in 12 month and it fits great with lots of room.
B00A005X4S Beautiful sport flats! I love these flats but they run a bit small... so for the perfect fit, go up half a size. They feel like you're walking on air.
B00A008HR8 :((( I loved the sneaker but they were too small, sold them to my sister whose feet are almost two sizes smaller than mine, they fit her great and look good too.
B00A008HR8 runs very small Ran VERY VERY small-SHOULD STATE THIS ON SITE. NOT HAPPY I HAVE TO RETURN AND WIT FOR NOTHER PAIR-VERY INCONVIENT -ORDER A WHOLE SIZE LARGER,
B00A0HDGAO Nice shoe ...runs small Bought these for my 9 year old daughter.  They run really narrow and small.  Had to return for another shoe that was wider.
B00A0HDGAO Runs small, too narrow. Ordered size 11 and they are about the same size as my daughter's size 9 cleats from another maker. And also is very narrow. The quality looks good, but too small. I will be returning these soon.
B00A0HDGAO Look great, but too small The shoes look really nice, our son really liked them. However they were too small.  I will be returning them.
B00AAKKBOK Nice but TINY I got these for my daughter for PE - a size 14/16. The inseam only comes down about 3 inches - the pictures and description in no way prepared us for how small these are. I'm trying to think of a 'girl' who could wear them - my kid weighs 69 pounds and couldn't pull it off - so the description is simply not accurate. Small kid for sure - maybe 2nd or 3rd grader I'm guessing. Shame because they are beautiful and soft. We have to return - PE coaches just laughed at us - no way Jose.
B00AEYQV1Y Puma Boys Little Perform Tee Gray Size 4 This fits my grandson who is 2 1/2 years perfectly so is on the small side. He loves it and it holds up to constantly being washed.Would buy again
B00AFPN4NA too small This product is too small. It is not good. Actually the jacket is small but the pants have a good size.
B00AFPN4NA Poor quality You get what you pay for. The sizes run small. So we had to return and get 18mo for my 8 mo old baby. After couple uses the fabric by the zipper got damaged. My baby barely crawls.Not recommended.
B00AI1Z2G8 good value Very comfortable.  They are in between sizes for me and a half size up is a bit too big and one down is too small.very comfortable and super light.  Traction could be better if stude were a bit more firm
B00AI1Z2G8 About a half size too small and noisy These shoes are very light (or lite).  Mine run about a half size too small but may end up working out all right when broken in because they also seem to be extremely cushiony.  I have not seen this posted by anyone else, but these shoes are very noisy when you walk.  While they are obviously not hunting shoes, I am still hoping the volume drops a notch or two after they are broken in.
B00AJK3X00 Cute but short bright color. nice cut - though runs a size small.  Also, this style appears to be somewhat cropped - not a full crop, but  not a full length tee-shirt either - hits between the belly button and the hip.
B00AKDL8K8 When in doubt, order a size up! Would have loved to keep these pants.  They had a great feel and looked nice but sadly, they run small.
B00AKDOYYK it's comfortable the product is good, just a little bit small for me .and the material is good also comfortable. its good shopping experience
B00AKDOYYK White fabric is fairly see-thru I got these in white.  Aside from being way too tight (Pumas run small compared to my normal Adidas purchases), the fabric was pretty thin.  Prefer not to run in sheer underwear, so these were returned.
B00AKQHIFE Fantastic shorts. The texture is very good. It fitted right how i expected, the small is a tiny bit shorter than the medium size.
B00AKQHNT0 IT IS A NICE JACKET ,BUT IT IOS VERY SMALL  AT SIZE IT SHOWS RESPECT OTHER PUMA JACKETS IT IS A NICE JACKET, IT LOOKS VERY FASHION, I LIKE PUMA JACKETS, AND PUMA BRAND, I PURCHASED 3 PUMA JACKETS, 2 -&#62;PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, Medium  AND 1-&#62;PUMA Men's Color Block Mesh Jacket, Black/White, Medium, AND THIS  PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, Medium IS VERY MORE SMALL RESPECT PUMA Men's Color Block Mesh Jacket, Black/White, Medium,THIS JACKET DONT MATCH IN MY BODY, YOU MUST BUY ONE SIZE MORETHAN YOU USE USUALLY.I LOSE MY MONEY PUSRCHASING 2 PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, MediumTHANKS,
B00AKUCU7G Nice Jacket with reasonable price Very nice Jacket. Fits perfectly in my body. I like the small Puma logo on the Jacket, which I prefer over big one.
B00ANR32PK Great quality! Great fit! This jacket is very nice! True to picture! Great fit...I am a women's medium and bought the men's small.  Arrived very quickly and I have been wearing it ever since! Get lots of great compliments on this jacket! thank you!
B00AOAQAJG Uncomfortable, runs small and narrow I wear size 7, but ordered a half size up, and they were still way too tight and too small.The sole in the back is VERY hard and uncomfortable. These went back in the box and got returned the same day.
B00AOATXAO great shoes I had to send them back because they were to small although they were great shoes and very very cute.
B00AOATXAO Too small I liked it style. but If you  wear  7sz, you have to order 9sz. This shoe a run really small size.
B00AOATXAO 1/2 size off but good buy. The shoe runs about 1/2size small.  However my wife loves the overall look collar and feel.  The grip material on sole is also a plus.
B00AOBC4JA Way too small Purchased these for an upcoming vacation.  Tried them on and they were a little tight in the toe box.  After wearing them around the house for about 20 minutes, decided they had to go back.  I ordered my normal size, but they were too short and way too small around my toes.  The back also rubbed my heal.  Cute shoes - wish I could have kept them.
B00AOBC4JA Very cute and good fit! These pumas fit very true to size. They do not run small in the toe area like many puma flats. Definitely recommend. They do require some breaking in to be comfortable.
B00AOCAP9A Cute A nice, light shoe with good ventilation.  It runs a little small, but the width seems true.  Great colors. nice.
B00AOCCXJU Two Stars To small very uncomfortablethey hurt you everywhere and that's why I give you this review.
B00AOCE7IA WAY TOO BIG I bought an 8 because Puma usually runs a little small. Typically i wear a 7-7.5. When they arrived, very quickly, they were adorable, i loved them. However, when I put them on they were HUGE! My friend that wears a 9 tried them on and they fit so she took them off my hands. They are reasonably priced and a super cute shoe, just way too big.
B00AOD2OQ6 Almost perfect Fits a bit small, but otherwise excellent, try to buy one size up...Good colours as well.... almost matches the Jamaican flag colours.
B00AOD3U8W i usually dress 7.5.  but this shoes is too small for me sorry. i usually dress 7.5.  but this shoes is too small for me..So...I am so sorry. But the quality is good.
B00AOD8YMO Good shoes fits small I use these for racquetball and they work quite well for me.  I am a nine (8 uk) in every other shoe I buy and with this one I ended up with a 10 - so go at least one size higher if ordering.dph
B00AOD8YMO very small sizing is misleading, needed a 12.5. My 11.5 is reaslly a 10/10.5. Good cushioning but just too close, the luminescence is great however. . this should really be for women
B00AODTEZA great running shoes They ar light and give great support , on top of that stylishDuring my summer runs my feet don't over heat , I don't have to stop anymore to take breaks , great shoesOne more thing, puma does run small, I always get them a size bigger,
B00AODVKJI Four Stars Run a little small but all in all a pretty goid shoe
B00AODVKJI Too small I got a size 11.5 and the shoes run about a 1/2 to 1 size too small because my toe touches the end
B00AODVKJI too tight. This is my first pair of pumas, I really like the way they look, they just fit a little small.
B00AODVKJI Runs small in a size 13M-47. Not a bad shoe, but very disappointed that it runs small.  My feet hurt in the toes after wearing for a day.  Do not run in them, bought to walk.  Would return, but threw all packaging in recycling.
B00AODW9HA Much too small Just opened the package yesterday; Shoes look great!  Unfortunately they are much too small!I wear a 10-1/2 M in a dress shoe size,  and after reading the reviews, decided to order 11-1/2.I'm returning these for a 12?  I actually thought there might be a wad of paper in the toes!!!
B00AODW9HA Puma Men's Shoes Somewhat small, but soft and comfortable. I hope they stretch some with use.Would like to compare to a half size larger.
B00AODW9HA Like the Quality I also like how they look but they seem to run a little small... maybe after a while it will stretch more
B00AOE059S These are some great looking shoes These are some great looking shoes, and great for running.  They were 1/2 size small though, so I had to exchange.  But I am very happy now that it fits.
B00AOE059S nice kicks I like these they run a little small, but look great. Great looking and comfy. I would buy again for sure.
B00AOE059S Junk Do not buy....cheap junk that's not only small but about two sizes small.  Most narrow shoes as well.  If you wear a 8 you might need an 18 if they made them.  No return box either.  Shame on amazon.
B00AOE059S Osu3 PUMA Osu V3 is smallit is wide small... ok?next version...wide more size up please. thanks my writ read..
B00AOE059S Too small The shoes were cool but run way to small!! The shoes were for my husband that wears size 12, and he had to give them to our son who wears size 10...
B00AOE059S sneakers it is nice, but as I said, a bit to fitted and small. next time I would have to choose a size that is a little bigger
B00AOE059S Its a bit small and its too tight. I ... Its a bit small and its too tight. I am trying to manage with this. lets see what is going to happen
B00AOMTYRO Too small This shoe ran a whole size too small. Looks great though. Its also a little on the narrow side, so be cautious.
B00AOMUBGC Great Looking Shoe Runs Small Puma's seem to run small,  was going to purchase one size larger, but hestiated.  Now having to return and reorder.
B00AOMV7YW All Puma shoes seem to run small. Either Puma Shoes run really small or my feet got realy big...then again, everybody else's shoes that I have tried seem to be OK.  I love the look, I love the comfort.  Just wish they were consistent with everybody else on size.
B00AOMWLPG To small It doesn't fit me I need to get a bigger size thee shoes run small But it's a great shoe
B00AOMWLPG Great Reading the others reviews, that it runed kinda small, I bought it 1/2 size bigger and it fit perfectly.  Love the shoes!!
B00AOMZH1Q A bit too small I found the shoe a bit too small. It was a little snug around the instep. Even the size was a bit small. I might have chosen a 9.5 if I had been in the store. It's not that uncomfortable that I would send it back. It's a hassle when you send them back.. That's part of buying online..
B00AOMZH1Q good shoe but too small Its a good and beautiful shoe, but the size its too small that the normal,  i buy a 6 but its a 5.5....
B00AOMZH1Q Nice shoes but run small Run atleast 1 - 1.5 sizes too small. Other than that a great shoe for hot summer days. I wouldn't expect to wear this in the winter though.
B00AONVA52 TOO SMALL I normally wear a 10-10.5, but I thought I'd play it safe and ordered these in 10.5 and an 11.  Not even the 11 fit.
B00AONVA52 Cool but.... most sizes are not included.The closest I chose is a bit small. I don't want to go through the return hassle.
B00AONVA52 too small too small should reorder by at least a half size greater than normal. also too light a shoe for me
B00AONVA52 Too small The sneakers arrived at time. Very stylish and elegant. But one mayor problem, the size, I ordered 10.5 but this sneakers run very small and tight. I can't use it &#128533;. A waste of money.
B00AONVA52 too small Even though I wear 10.5 in all the other shoes, these would be my 2nd pair of pumas that seem too small on my feet.
B00AONVB5G Fits small, looks great On size 10 they were a bit small.. I had to change them to a 10.5. I bought these based on a very similar product from Ferrari which was cushioned in the back and felt these somewhat tight and stiff.
B00AONVF8Y runs small i love these shoes - they look great, and were what i was hoping they would be but...order up at least half-size in order to accommodate the small size...i normally wear us11 (eu44.5) in just about everything, but this was far too small in this shoe. i will be returning these shoes, and unfortunately they do not have a us11.5 (eu45) in stock so cannot comment on whether that size works.
B00AONVQCY Got them at a bargain and my son loves them Good quality, nice design, great in use. If you can get them for less then 35 dollars then buy it for sure!As Puma is a bit small take a size up from normal shoe size.
B00AONW9JS 5 much better just  2 small so i order 9.5 much better
B00AONW9JS Runs small - order up a size I read the reviews, so was able to anticipate that these shoes run small.  For a woman, I have a big feet (I'm also pretty tall).  I wear a men's 9.5 - 10 (depending on fit), so I ordered a 10.5.  The shoes came very quickly, and I took a look at them, and thought... &#34;never gonna fit&#34;.  But I figured, I'd give them a shot.  They fit like a glove!  Break in period was about 10 minutes (not kidding!).  Not only do they run a smidge small, but they make your feet look smaller too, which is always a plus for us big-footed women.  My only complaint, is that I then came back to buy a second pair, and the price had jumped $20 in just a week.  I'm now waiting for the price to drop, so I can get my second pair.
B00AONW9JS good but small Very nice just run small order a half size up atleast. Nice made great for running walking. awesome! Pumas are great shoes.
B00AONW9JS something small Shoe me was something small, I bought the same shoes converse zise and adjusted and perfectly, however puma shoes have been a little smaller.
B00AONW9JS Way too small These are the smallest 10.5 I've ever seen. Had to return them. Nice shoes but I definitely recommend a full size larger.
B00AONW9JS I was wrong I though 43 is 9.5 and I was small I should chosen the 10 .. but the shoes I love but im gonna sell it :(
B00AONW9JS Great Shoe, Runs Small Great shoe at an even better price!  I previously bought a pair of black Puma Drift Cat 5's and loved them.  The only thing to be careful about is that they run a size small.  I wear a 10D and for these shoes, after reading some reviews, I ordered 11D.  They fit perfectly.
B00AONW9JS shoes this shoe was awesome but it was a little small. like a half size small because i normally wear an 11 and it felt like a 10 1/2 or a 10. but other than that the shoe was as expected in top shape there was no damage to the box
B00AONW9JS Shoes too small. These Pumas run small in size.  This is the size I normally wear, but they were way too tight.  Printing the return label and shipping was very easy!
B00AONW9JS Great shoes. Great shoes just a little snug. I've always loved pumas. These are good looking but just run a little small.
B00AONW9JS yeahhhhhhhh a litle small I asked it 8.5 it arrived 7.5 but it s excellent quality I,m enjoying it but that no problem
B00AONW9JS Runs Small I love these shoes. Had to do a replacement for a size up but these shoes fit great and are extremely comfortable.
B00AONW9JS Drift Cat shoes are known to fit small I've been wearing drift cat shoes since version 2, when my son left a pair at home when he went to college. They are SO comfortable! Since I've been buying them for the last 5 years, I know they fit small and ALWAYS buy a half size larger than the Nike athletic shoes and a whole size larger than my dress shoes. It's hard to be disappointed with the comfort these shoes provide (after the break in period)!!
B00AONW9JS Order a size larger Purchased for my husband who has always been able to biy shoes online unlike me who needs to try everything on 1st.  These run small. Like them otherwise.
B00AONW9JS Great shoes... Runs on the small size though Looks great and it is very stylish!!! The only problem is that I usually wear between 9 and 9.5 (when 9 doesn't fit quite well), but for these... Even though I bought a 9.5, I feel that a 10 would have felt way more comfortable, but since I won't expect to be using them during the whole day, it won't bother me as much.
B00AONW9JS Too small This item is not true to its US men sizing.  This is an issue that is a problem when ordering online.....
B00AONW9JS It is a nicely styled shoe... But, it runs incredibly small.  Order at least two half sizes larger, i.e., if you wear a 10 1/2, get an 11 1/2.
B00AONW9JS buy your one number bigger i read all the reviews before i bought this product and all said the same, to small to small, just by on number bigger that you are tipically, and that will do the trick,as for the product is a #1 puma :D simply excellent
B00AONWIC6 Great driving shoes, but run VERY small These shoes are very thin soled, which makes them great for driving.  I wouldn't expect them to last very long for everyday use.Beware; these run very small.  I usually wear a size 10 or 10.5 and had to buy an 11.5 to fit properly.
B00AONWIC6 Great shoe but runs small I like the shoes but they are too small and I will have to return them for a larger size.
B00AONWIC6 Looks good, runs small As mentioned by numerous other reviewers, these shoes run small, order a half-size up from what you would typically wear from other brands.  I usually wear a 10.5, so I ordered an 11 and they're still pretty snug.That aside, these have made excellent driving shoes and are otherwise comfortable and look relatively well-made.  You might want to replace the laces as they're of the rounded variety and don't stay tied very well.
B00AONWIC6 Just a little to small but bareable These are great shoes. They're just a little small. I was in a store trying on Pumas and 9.5 seemed to be the size I needed. These needed to a 10. Slim in size and are very comfortable.
B00AONWIC6 Runs small They fit me fine, but in every other shoe brand I wear an 11 or 10.5. When getting pumas, order a size up
B00AONWP6U Runs small I bought this for my son and he loves the look and style.  However it runs a bit small so order at least half a size bigger.  The shoe is good though.
B00AONWP6U no good no good shoes to small 1 star is good model i like for wokin and is to small sorry amigos
B00AONWP6U Puma Shoes They fit perfect ,they do run a half size small. I wear a 10 1/2 I bought an 11 perfect. they are very lightweight and comfortable. A great buy, highly recommend them to anyone.
B00AOOH730 Not very feminine If you're looking for very feminine sneakers, they are not it. They probably look better on guys. .. and they do run a tiny bit small in size.
B00AOOK2OG Way too small The shoe looks awesome - but WAY too small. I wear a size 9 almost always. I know Puma's run small so I ordered a 9.5. 9.5 arrived and way too small. I reordered - this time a size 10 (first time in my life I've ever worn a 10). Worst part, because size issue and shoe came from other source (just &#34;fulfilled by Amazon&#34;) it coast me over $15 to return.
B00AOOK2OG too small its too small i usually use US10 size but at this case it more US9 than US10 i should buy US11
B00AOQ75LM read all the reviews about puma and still didnt take the sage advice that these shoes really do run a size smaller.  I bought a pair of indoor shoes this year.  the reviews said they ran a bit small, and the same for this shoe.  I figured since the first pair i bought where fine even when people wrote, ...ahh its not a big deal.  wrong, for puma, they really are a size smaller.  im a 11.5 like the good man wrote above, and im sure these are either a 10.5 or maybe a small 11, im not quite sure.  they are snug.  but im probably just going to wear for playing indoor mostly.  ive got studetn prime so i knw i could send back but i hate doing that.  anyway take the good advice, i know it goes against your conscious but these pumas run so small.  what the hell puma, maybe in europe they run the sizes so differently it screws up US sizes
B00AOQ75LM Three Stars Runs about a size and a half too small.
B00AORB3DW sizing fits a little small. scatches easy.. looks just as it appears. has a very good feel and is very comfortable
B00AORB3DW Beautiful, but too small for me These looked amazing, but unfortunately, they run small.  I ordered an 11.5, but they felt more like a 10.5.I know soccer footwear fits snug in the toe box, but I felt like I'd break a toe just trying to run in these.  If I'd had a bigger size, I'm sure they would've fit just fine.
B00AQ1HX1C SMALL These might be fine for young boys but they run way to small for adult men who work out. NO WAY this is a true XXL.
B00AQ1HX1C Looks great... It arrived on time and does look as described. The unavoidable conclusion, however, is that it a full size too small. As it is 100% cotton, this will only get worse. The label does indicate the corrrect size, so the selller did not make a mistake.If you like the style just consider one size larger. Even if I hand wash it and wring dry it is still too small. I may give it to a friend who will love it.
B00AWMVULO the size is to small my baby is not happy whith the kids baby boy. becouse the item is to small we need one size for  boys 12 years old
B00AWY8QZA I like Hoody Hello, I actually like the Hoody, I was just expecting it to be a little bigger.  It just appears the Hoody's for women run small.
B00AWYTLQS Nice but short. I am 5'8&#34; and these were too short.  I continue to look for track pants that are flattering, comfy, and long enough when you buy a small.
B00AWYUO46 Fits a little small in the shoulders Overall good quality. I like it a lot. I suggest you take one size larger than usual due to the snug fit across the chest and shoulders.
B00AWZQICW Cute Tee I love this tee - it is a beautiful, bright red and the fit is very slimming and flattering.  I normally wear and small and the small fit perfectly.
B00AWZW11Y I love this great packable Down jacket. This jacket is so light , warm and comfortable.  It is great for travel as it packs up into a small little bag that come with the jacket.
B00AY65V1I Runs small If you have wider feet I would choose  the next size up. Otherwise I think they fit really pretty well.
B00AY65V1I Runs small Runs very small as compared with Nike. Go one size up.  Looks good, but the tapered toe makes it tight on the right side of the shoe.
B00AY65V1I shoe,black/puma Shoes is good ..bt some small to my size..Bt i like these shoes ..Nd puma brand is my favourite.
B00AY65V1I TOO SMALL ALL MY SHOES ARE 11 AND THIS PAIR ARE THE ONLY ONE THAT DON'T FIT I PROBABLY NEED 12....TOO SMALL!AND I CAN'T RETURN BECAUSE I'M AN INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMERPLEASE USE THE RIGHT CHART!
B00AYBQOGO model is more for 2 years or 2 and half small imperfection  on upper part but I do not want to return because for that price range I can not buy anything  even close.
B00B1E4QSQ small nice shoe..runs a whole size small though. it was light weight and just as pictured in color. if you have small feet, it works.
B00B1E4QSQ you ask, that is ALL I have I had to give to my youngest daughter, too small for myself. Usually I wear 8.5, too much trouble to return
B00B1E4QSQ Go up a size! These shoes run small and don't have a lot of support.  They are cute, just not very good for your feet.
B00B1E4QSQ If only looks are important I like the style of the shoe, but they were small for size and they were not very comfortable. I ended up returning them.
B00B1E4QSQ Normal size is too small The shoes run very small. Definitely go for a half size up or even a whole size bigger. Otherwise, they fit nicely.
B00B1E4QSQ Great Sneakers I received this sneakers and loved it! However, they were a bit small so I am exchanging them for a bigger size- can't wait to get them
B00B1E4QSQ too small Even though the shoe runs a size small it is very cute.  I returned and opted for a different shoe.  I found an aasics brand for less money.
B00B1E4QSQ Run Small Not a lot of support, a little disappointing but cute style.  Love the shoe bag that came with it to carry them in and keep clean.
B00B1E4QSQ kinda small in sizing I think thay are sized kinda small and it could be that im not used to the more hard surface around the front of shoe but I will get use to it maybe when I get them broke in
B00B1E5NU6 Shoes are too small The shoes are too small, I cannot wear them. How do I exchange them for a better fit? Please let me know!
B00B1OWZNO A little small My son is 2 and mostly wears 2t so I ordered a 3t knowing that puma runs a little small. It fits perfect but has no room for him to grow. Considering Puma clothing is a little pricy I was disappointed that it wouldn't be something he could wear for long
B00B4S2QUE good buy Bought this shoe for my sister.Knowing that PUMA is a little small fitting I ordered a 1/2 size bigger  Fits well ,  no complains.The top is not leather.
B00B4YAUMO TOO SMALL Really like the make of this cleat but sizes definitely run small.  Had to order size and a half bigger for my daughter.  But now that they fit; she loves them!
B00B4ZZWJE Runs small Had to order a full size larger than expected. My son loves the shoes otherwise for playing soccer inside and out.
B00B500LGC Order bigger size, runs small Love the colors, and shipping was fast. Just disappointed that they run so small. Need to order at least one size up, if not two
B00B5013PK ORDER 1 FULL SIZE LARGER Great cleats&#8230; but the sizing is way off.  My daughter is 9 and wears a 4 1/2 sneaker.  4 1/2 cleat was extremely small.  Decided to skip the 5 and order 5 1/2&#8230; fits perfectly.  I usually read reviews but I didn't this time.  Luckily Amazon's return policy rocks.  :-)
B00B502OSA Shoes run small I ordered a size 3.5 for my daughter who typically wears a size 3.  I thought the 3.5 would compensate for the thicker soccer socks.  Unfortunately, even the 3.5 is too small WITHOUT socks on.
B00B503JTS Unique cleat Great unique shoe, easy to clean but run small so order full size bigger then you need. Over all great buy
B00B532Q26 Run a little small I got 1 point bigger than my child was wearing, but still very tight for him. Despite of this, I love this shoes!
B00B53B1OU fits ok Fit a bit small for my son. I had to return it. But otherwise it was ok.
B00B53B1OU Four Stars Great looking pair of shoes but definitely runs small. Do remember to size up
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes About a half size small but we ordered accordingly s based on other reviews. My son loves them and they are easy for him to get on by himself
B00B5HUIO0 Run small My son has narrow average type feet. These ran very small. They were the exact same length as his Puma S Vulc Jr but were suppose to be a size up. We returned and waiting for the size up.
B00B5HUIO0 great shoe but too small a really nice shoe as expected from Puma, but run small. my son has just gone in to 11s so I ordered sz 11 but they were just too small
B00B5HUIO0 Great sneaker, great quality Purchased for my grandson, although the sizes run a little small, the quality is great. Had to return and reorder to correct the size, first time return to Amazon, amazingly simple.
B00B5HUIO0 love these but seem to run small my son should be in an 11.5 shoe, but these were way too small.  had to send them back and got a 12.5 which fit perfectly.  he gets so many compliments on these, so cute and I love the Velcro.  so easy for little hands to put on themselves.
B00B5L0ANK wayyyy too small. it was almost 2 sizes smaller ... wayyyy too small. it was almost 2 sizes smaller than ever other shoe i have. i couldn't even get my foot into it!
B00B5LHG82 Purchased one size bigger but still was too small, my experience in General is that puma makes good looking shoes Purchased one size bigger but still was too small, my experience in General is that puma makes good looking shoes
B00B5LHG82 Too small They are very nice shoes but was just a size too small..i love them so much that i want an exchange!
B00B5LHG82 Adorable! (does not come small!) I love these shoes they are adorable and well made. I mistakenly followed other reviewers advice which warned these shoes come 2 sizes too small and bought a size 8T when my granddaughter actually wears a 6T... Big mistake! They are two sizes too large.... Oh well they are waiting in her closet for their debut..
B00B5W0FHK its too small IF you get this shoe i suggest that you get a size or two bigger cause my son where's a 4 and this 5 is right at his toes. So I'm sending these back for a 6
B00B5W0FHK Made Small Great looking shoes, and my daughter loves them.  However they are made very small as I got my daughter a size 10 which is a half size bigger then what she really wears and they are super tight.  Unfortunately my husband tossed the box in the garbage, therefore we can not return them!!!!
B00B5W0FHK This sneakers are beautiful, very well constructed but they're kind of small ... This sneakers are beautiful, very well constructed but they're kind of small in the front, the size its correct but to stretch. Other than that they are excellent.
B00B7LUG00 Five Stars I really love these Pumas. They run slightly small so consider that when you purchase.
B00B7LUG00 A very good shoe. A little small so I gave them ... A very good shoe.  A little small so I gave them to my grandson...he loves them!!
B00B7LV8V6 Great sport flats! I love these flats but they run a whole size small... so for the perfect fit, go up one size. They feel like you're walking on air.
B00B7LV8V6 Too small and uncomfortable Its too small and is not at all comfortable. I have tried 3 different sizes. The color looks great but not worthy to buy if you have to use these shoes and stand long hours.
B00B7LY4HQ Fit runs small or my foot grew Too small and I didn't like the silver sparkly mesh.. I thought they were mostly black/ purple..:( Good quality shoe just wish it fit..
B00B9ZDQA6 Sizing aside, my favorite shoes! This line of shoes has always fit a bit small. If you've owned a pair before, you know that already. Best to order a size larger than your normal. Small size aside, I love this shoe. I was worried the bottoms would wear out quickly, but they really hold up well. A year of daily wear on my first pair & they still look new. Glad I found this deal for a second pair!
B00BAXWTT6 Kids Sneakers They look great but they are a bit on the small side.
B00BAZGA8A Too small Cute, but way too small and narrow. Bought 2 sizes bigger and didn't make a difference. My daughter came home from school with band aids on both ankles :(
B00BBVEGG6 awsome This product is good , bt 6.5 is a bit small size for me I think 7 is good for me, otherwise it is very comfortable and stylish shoes.
B00BBXN0S4 Super cute! But runs small! I love love love this outfit! Looks just like it does in pictures and is adorable! The sizing kind of runs small but still very happy!
B00BF2YSM8 cool watch the strap is a little small, barely fits me but for a guy, i luckily have small wrists.  other than that, it is awesome.
B00BK2A85Y Small Hole right infront I expect this top to be big & I really like the color combination. However, I m terribly disappointed, as I discovered a hole right infront of the top!!!!!!!!! I cldnt return it as it was a international delivery... I m not sure if I will let my daughter wear it as although it's a small hole but it's right infront.. What a waste..
B00BYKA6OA Still too small for my size 12 feet I hope no one with feet larger than mine purchased these socks.  They did not stretch out with wear or washing either.
B00C6AIR2U Love Puma Always love my puma shoes.As always, puma's run small.  So get a half size bigger than what you usually wear.
B00C6AIR2U everything was perfect&#8230; but the shoes are small I do not  have anything bad to say about the shoes, but my feet were very sore after 15 minutes.
B00C6AIR2U TO SMALL TO SMALL ALL AROUND, SENDING THEM BACK. THEY LOOK LIKE A WOMENS SHOE. TO BAD YOU DONT SELL REEBOK, LET ME KNOW
B00C6BOILS Three Stars Small
B00C6BPP10 Way too small The shoe was fine in all aspects except for the fact that it was WAY too small. I can only think it was mislabeled, as it was at least a size and a half too small. I went to a local shoe store and found the same shoe in my size, and while it too was too small, it was about a size bigger than the pair I received in this order. Obviously, I had to return the pair, and I just received my refund. That part worked very well.
B00C6BPP10 Order 1 to 1.5 sizes larger than normal. The shoes are very comfortable and light, but their sizes seem to run about 1 to 1.5 sizes too small.
B00C6BTJUS Runs A Little Small Great shoe, comfortable for the most part but runs a little small so you might want to consider ordering a half size up. Other than that, awesome style, quality product. Definitely recommend.
B00C6EW87G Too small A whole size too small.  Do not carry a size 9 which I need.  Too bad bc they are cute.
B00C6EW87G Puma slip on good choice I needed a new pair of slip on all around where everywhere shoes.  I like the style and comfort.  They do run small usually where size 8 had to return 8.5 and go up to 9.
B00C6EW87G Love them but definitely run small I ordered these a full size larger than I would normally wear and they fit perfectly. They are fashion sneakers as described, so don't expect to be able to wear them after it rains without your feet getting wet.Super cute and comfortable - very lightweight.
B00C6EW87G Too small I'm in between a women's size 71/2 and 8, so I ordered an 8, but it was too tight and would hurt my feet if I wore them.
B00C6EW87G Returned for exchange I had to return for exchange as they were too small.  They are really attractive - I hope they are comfortable.
B00C6EW87G Cute kick around shoes These are shoes for casual wear - small, thin and lacking support, but cute.  However, they run a good half size small.
B00C6EW87G runs 1/2 to a size small Cute but almost clear.  The shoe runs very small.  I wear a 6 1/2 - 7 usually and bought a size 7 and somehow they are too tight.
B00C6EW87G Runs small but looks great I love the shoe. Very fashionable. Not a shoe for working out. I gave the rating because I love Puma and their design. The only drawback is I normally wear a size 7 and read some reviews saying they run small. With this in mind I ordered a 7.5. I should have ordered an 8. With even thin noshow socks the 7.5 is snug and my big toes is touching the top. Order at least one entire size up.
B00C6EW87G Good buy good looks Athletic wife loves this shoe for working out in the gym. Very light, comfortable and good grip! Doesrun slightly small so take that into consideration.
B00C6EW87G Runs a whole size smaller I think these shoes are adorable and they would have been completely awesome if they had fitted me. I got them in on time only to find out they were a whole size to small, kinda a disappointment.
B00C6EW87G Great choice I love them... Very light and easy to Wear they run small So defintely you need to go half or 1 size bigger but other Than That nothing wrong.. Very Pretty shoe
B00C6EW87G good product the size is a bit small, but they are pretty tight at the bottom. Very comfortable, lightweight, versatile and cute
B00C70SL3E Please remember this 'pants' is for kids 7 yrs old range. I purchased this and still wondering about the size because it says 2-7 yrs old.Still, I purchased small size. My son is turning 6 yrs old and this is VERY BIG.Feels like kids who are 7 or 8 yrs old might fit.
B00C70SL3E 8 year old, size Small fits perfectly! nice material, nice fit!
B00C7GKY06 Adorable but small So adorable just not as big as I was expecting a 24month size to look! Mostly likely will have to return it but stil love it
B00C7HJN20 great for my son My son loves these pants.  I ordered a small and he wears a boys size 5.  I am thinking of ordering another pair.
B00C7L2S0U Order a larger size! This product is a lot smaller than what it should be. Will have to give it away as way too small.
B00C7MRCUA good quality fabric My daughter loves these. They look very cute on her. But the sizing is a little off. She is small and short for her age of 7 I always order her smaller so I bought the 6x and they are fine around the waist but are short for her. Id recommend a size larger for the lenght.
B00C7MVJEU Cute sweatshirt I bought this as a gift for my 3 year old niece.  Very cute sweatshirt, love the color and design.  I would suggest ordering a size up as this shirt runs small.
B00C7MVJEU Pretty good hoodie It fit pretty well head opening a little small for comfortable on and off. Runs a liitle small bought for average size toddler that wears size 3 normally.
B00C7MVJEU good quality, but way too small If you get one go at least two sizes up.  Got 2 (3 and 6 year old girls),  both were much smaller than other clothes labeled the same size.
B00C7MZRZW waste of money I should have just went to WalMart and gotten some basic Hanes pants.  These are way overpriced and were too small:(.
B00C9CRQCW Totally in love with my leggins This leggins are just as pictured, really cute and comfortable and the price is just fine. I weight 115 pounds and im 5'3 tall and the small fits me perfectly, so id say size runs equally as for must usa brands. Very happy with this sport leggins .
B00CAJR2NW too small i made a mistake choosing the right size  i don't know what to do with them i m movin on the 24th and dont have time for an exchange
B00CAJRVII Very cute They were too small. But that is the brand I believe. It runs very small. But the shoes were very cute and still looking for little kid sizes for these exact ones!
B00CAJT9OW Adorable but WAY too small I should have read the reviews but I didn't, this product runs AT LEAST one size small.  However, they are some of the cutest shoes I have seen.  I didn't want to go through the hassle of a return so I gave it as a gift and the recipient loved them.
B00CAJT9OW Cute - but narrow and run small These shoes are SO cute.  I love the look and they are very light weight.  Unfortunately, they run very small.  If your child has chubby feet (and frankly even if they don't), I would not recommend these shoes.  I could have gone another size up, but they would have been too long.  I ended up returning these and going with the PUMA Cabana Racer and those were a great fit and easy to put on.
B00CAJT9OW Runs small This product runs small.  Buy at least one size larger.  I purchased the sneaker as my son's current size and had to return them.  When I returned them the price to purchase another pair was $30 more.  Needless to say I did not replace.
B00CAJT9OW pretty cool color.. I think it runs small compare to other brand... fit just right, just need to order bigger size next time I like a little room for the toes..
B00CAJZ8YM HOT Nice product.  Great lines and smooth look.  Runs small for me by one size ... really wanted to keep this item but after checking out the depth of the sole, I became a little leery of support it would offer.  Like its style, that's for sure.
B00CAJZ8YM Way Too SMALL Shoes arrived on time just as expected, Amazon is always on point about delivery. The shoes was almost perfect until I try them on. They were way too small, not just by a little but by a lot. Clearly a full size too small, will consider buying a whole size larger if it is available.
B00CAJZ8YM Not Pleased These sneakers are beautiful, but they run small.  I think a more detail description would have helped.  I had to return them
B00CAKCKEM too small I'm sure the shoe would have been great but the size is just a bit too small ,, could be the extra insulation .. order slightly larger
B00CFF65NY Should of ordered more... My daughter lovers her pink &#34;soccer shirt&#34;, got her the green  and black ones as well, but she only ever wants to wear this one. As for fit she is a small almost 3 yr. old and it seems to fit like most her other size 4 shirts.
B00CFY20J8 see through and super small Cute shorts, but they are see-through...wear yellow or white underwear!  And they are way too small.  My daughter is 12...bought the extra large and they fit my 8 year old better...otherwise cute.
B00CN5B73O Good It's nice but again pic is better than the real and the pant was small. The colors r good and quality not bad
B00CN5B8BA To small This color scheme is nice but the 2t is small but my girl wears a 2t in clothes but this outfit is way to small I should get a free one sent of a different color
B00CN5B8BA Puma outfit Jacket fit fine but pants are too small as they do not cover her behind good so she cannot wear them.
B00CN5B8BA the sweater runs somewhat small in comparison with the pant, but lovely!!!! the sweater runs somewhat small in comparison with the pant, but lovely!!!! the colors are truly amazing!! i love it!!!!!!!
B00CN5B8BA Too Small The Jacket is very small, the pants are ok, but de Jacket is very small for my daughter.Good Bye
B00CN5BRSE Jacket too small I ordered this puma tricot track and pant set for my niece because it looks so cute in the picture. I was so disappointed when I got it. I ordered size 4T and the jacket is way too small and the pant is a little long. No way that my 3 years old niece could fit into this jacket.
B00CN5BRSE Great material! They run small but puma always has.My niece loved it and it's a great thicker material. Would definitely purchase one again!
B00CN5BRSE good This sportswear pleasant, thin, soft. For the five-year-old child of a normal constitution, size 6 small. I hope this information it will be useful to all.
B00CN5C0RQ Size 5 fits rather snug on my 3.5year-old girl I love this outfit; the color and the fleece-lined top. The fabric of the bottom however is too light. They do not look like they should be worn together. my daughter loves it too!It runs a little small I would say, but if your kid is normal size and slim, it should be OK
B00CQG7B94 My son loves it, but... I agree with the other reviewer, the material on this item is very thin, and the size runs small.However, my 7-year old loves wearing it to school.
B00CQG7B94 Don't recommend Material is very thin and run small wouldn't recommend for the price charged returned for full refund no problems with the return amazon is very good with clothing
B00CQG7EBO Great The colors are amazing, but the fabric is thinner than I thought it was going to be, I expected the lined type of fabric for the pants. The size runs a little small but the fabric won't shrink.
B00D4KBPOI Materials Materials too thick and cutting too small for my 5 yrs old boy.he is skinny and wearing 3-4T shorts.The waist is small and the length is too long.
B00D9M3CFQ Somewhat small It fits somewhat smallBut it looks great hopefully ill lose some wight and it'll fit just right.Bought 2 of these.
B00D9OZYR8 Not good The quietly of product less than my expectations and the size is very small not suitable for the adage hi lighted.
B00D9OZYR8 Runs small. I think the rod icy quality is fine, but the size runs small. It's irritating because now I have to exchange it. Otherwise it's cute and stylish.
B00DGOYGWA cute but runs small My neice is about 7 months old and wears a 6-9 month clothes but this 12 month outfit fits her perfect. But it is super cute and seems very durable.
B00DHJQ39S One Star Top small
B00DNNSO4U runs super small Cute sneak- It is extremely lightweight. Runs very small. I ordered a full size up and it is still too small!
B00DNNSO4U Runs small These run really small. Am hoping a half size up does the trick. Very light weight. Don't yet know how they wear.
B00DNNSO4U Four Stars Great shoes but too small
B00DNNSTF4 Very Comfortable A very good buy but the fitting is a little small than expected, After some days of usage the shoe expands and fits perfectly.
B00DNNXIXW Small fit Nice design, but not good fit. I bought in my regular size, but found it way too small. Gave it to my sister whose either a whole size(or 2 whole sizes depending on the brand) smaller foot size than I am. It fit her great. I have other Puma running shoes and they are pretty much sized the same. I would suggest trying on in a store before purchasing.
B00DNNZPLK It's a small 11.. take one size bigger to fit A beautiful shoe but too small, so I exchanged it for a bigger one. It's cool, beautiful and comfortable. I did not buy it as a running shoe, so can't comment on that, but it does feel snug around the foot.
B00DOE8S9O Great fit. If you like low simple shoes, this is yours.. I wear size 12 and this looks so small on my feet which is a plus for me lol
B00DOECL2Y Runs small I bought these because I was going to travel soon , when I got them I was somewhat disappointed because I was looking for something that could be easy on easy off at the airport, first of all I wear size 11 in sneakers but I always buy 12 for extra comfort however these were very difficult to go on and off
B00DOEOQRW He loved them- size runs small Shoes are beautiful, comfortable and worth the price tag. The person I got them for, was very very pleased. I had to exchange them for a different size, so do be aware, they run quite small I would say by a half size.
B00DOEOYEW Too small for the size It looks great but the sizes are made really small.I wear 11.5 i bought 12 but it really hurts my feet and there is no way i can move my fingers in there.I am going to return it for an exchange.
B00DOFY482 One Star Order a size up or two. Fit very small
B00DOFYPSG Excellent shoes, but sizing runs small The sizing definitely runs 1/2 smaller than every other sneaker I own.  It could be that the toe box runs a bit small, but my other puma shoes don't have thaty problem.  But aside from that, I like these shoes.  Lightweight, and appears to be of good construction. Plus I feel a bit cheesy, yet pretty awesome driving my M3 while wearing them.
B00DOG2KMS Nice but small I wear size 9 with all my flip-flops these run a little bit small I reordered a size 10 but they are gorgeous
B00DOG55AW Four Stars Seems to run a little small
B00DOJIBNW Light, Cool, Comfortable, Yet Small The shoes are great and light but they are a little too small for their size and my foot keep sliding off the sole onto the side of the shoes.
B00DOJMMSM too small! Definintly buy a size bigger. These fit on the small side. They are great shoes other wise. Good look good quality.
B00DOJQ0D0 Two Stars TOO SMALL NEED BUY BIG ONE
B00DOJQ0D0 Comfortable, but runs small If you're normally 8.5, choose 9 or 9.5 because they are small! They're just beautiful and nicely made
B00DOPGFM0 For grandson 9 year old grandson loves his new hoodie.  He's a bit small for his age and I think this size small will fit for quite some time.  Now he has room to layer with another garment if he wants.
B00DOPGL42 Not sturdy Got these and put through the wash before my son was going to wear them.  After washing they had a small hole in the leg.  I need to return them!
B00DQKDVDY Very cute and nice quality size of the top to the pants varied. Sleeves of top were kind of small in circumference but length was good, where as the pants were a little too long.
B00DRTZIEO PUMA Men's Ferrari Sweat Pants, Black, Medium PUMA Men's Ferrari Sweat Pants, Black, Medium.....Pants was werry nice but for size medium from Puma runs to small ..!!!!
B00DRU70CQ One Star To small and very cheap looking
B00DS3QSO8 One Star Small ok
B00DS3QSO8 Somewhat Small Order at least a size larger, than your normal shoe size.  I like the looks but they are hard to clean when you step in mud.
B00DS5M40I Not true to size - runs small. This shirt was not true to size and after wearing it once my child said it was too small and never wore it again.
B00DS5M6FQ Not good The quietly of product less than my expectations and the size is very small not suitable for adage hi lighted.
B00DTUKXP0 Fits small, great quality As others have said, this shoe fits small. My daughter is a size youth 2 in street shoes, and I ordered her a 3 in this shoe, knowing it probably runs small. The size 3 fits just like a street sized 2 does on her feet. It's a great looking shoe, high quality, and comfortable.
B00DTUVWA0 Fit small Not true to size. The shoe fit too small. I had to return the item because they didn't have the next size up that I needed. The shoe looked nice though.
B00DTVD8OM Small It is a little bit small size. But I like it.Beautiful shoes for kids.ComfortableHigh Quality . .
B00DTVD8OM Way too small A good boot to be sure, but do yourself a favor and buy up in size.  My daughter has Nike Bomba 3.5, and the 4's in this shoe were actually a little smaller...
B00DTZFZCQ One Star somewhat small
B00DU0P368 Picky daughter loves these She literally climbs into bed with these, claiming that they are so comfortable that she forgot that she had them on. I had listened to the reviews claiming how small these ran, but it turns out that they are perfectly true to size (we had to return the ones a half size up).
B00DU0PTO4 Cute but runs VERY small I would say that the fit of these is 1 full size small compared to other Puma sneakers I bought in the same size.This shoe did come with the kinderfit insole which is neat. It slide out of the shoe so that you can see how a child's foot is fitting without having to take their word for it.
B00DU45V0W Runs on the small side It was a little small for my 3 yr old and too small for my 5 yr old. However, it looks very stylish.
B00DUGLEYM small fit but great shoe Lucky I read the comments before ordering. got a US9 for my son who wears US8 (just) in other brands and the pumas fit the same. so definitely run small. great shoe otherwise
B00DUGLG1I runs very small Very, very cute, but I ended up having to return them and ordering a size and half up for my son.  They run extremely small.
B00DUGLG1I Cute but small I Had to send them back twice for being too small. Waiting on my 3rd pair. Hopefully they will fit!
B00DUJ90UO too smalll too small for my 2 years and 8 month childe, normally he weras 7 but this 8 is even smaller than some others size 7 :())
B00DUL8DJ6 Very nice. True to size,which is very rare for puma. But the same style without rhinestones, is 2 sizes too small. Go figure......
B00DULV8Y8 good choice Great looking sneaker, good quality velcro and color true to web image. a little small for size but fit ok.
B00DULV8Y8 Cute but RUNS SMALL This are cute shoes but run small and narrow.  My daughter is 4 years old and wears a size 7 or 8 toddler shoe size. She has very tiny feet, but these shoes run very narrow and small.  We sized up, but still had to send them back.
B00DUTAVWU Adorable I love puma kids track suits.  This one looks so cute in person that I had to purchase more.  It runs slightly small.
B00DY6160A opinion It is a lovely shoes , beautiful colour, very lightweight and well made but too small. I need size 8. Sorry.
B00DY74P70 run a bit on the small side I normally wear a size 6 comfortably...these are a bit tight, short...run small. Wore them so unable to return..unfortunately I will have to give them away.
B00DY7Q7YY LOVE THEM I usually wear a size 6 in most brands but Puma does run small so I got the 6 1/2 fits perfectly. These shoes are very lightweight and comfy and super cute. Love them.
B00DYRQBAO great deal on a great jacket Came quickly and fits perfectly! The item is in perfect shape and is super warm. I ordered the small and it fit my little sister wonderfully. She loves it!
B00DYRQD7U runs a little small This jacket was good quality, and true to the picture.  However, the arms were very tight on my daughter.  We ordered the medium, which is supposed to fit girls sizes 10-12.  My daughter is a 10.  The length was good, the width on the jacket was good, it was just the sleeves that were too tight to be comfortable (could be a personal issue).  Otherwise great jacket!
B00DYRVKYG Wayyy too small We ordered this as a Christmas gift. Ad presented item as Girls 7-16, Black, Large, so we expected a jacket that a 10-11 year-old could wear, it being a large jacket. The tag is marked &#34;L&#34; but this jacket won't fit anyone larger than a size 7. This should have been advertised as a &#34;S&#34;.
B00E6O30SU worth it super cute...but runs kinda small i would purchase again. my daughter wheres 12 mth and i ordered a 18mth so ide suggest ordering two sizes up for longer wearability
B00E6O333W International ordering Very small sizing for ordering international, great quality clothing supplied, will order size larger next time. Shipping time a bit slow
B00E6O333W Bad quality. 19month but 2t is small.because seems no span. Baby can't move well. Inseam is short but length is long.. No sense set.
B00E6O38WS Quality great but too small....... Quality great, trousers ok fit, but the jacket is too small, cannot wear.......recommend to order at least 2-3 size up
B00EAH1B8E Run small, worth it in bigger size! Buy a couple sizes up. They run small, but they are so cool!
B00EDHUOZM Worth your pocket It just came in today and all I can say is that I love it! I got a small so it fits great and also it is really warm inside. Looks fantastica and I do recommend it!
B00EDOMUYI These run small. Tight fit. Not sure a size up would work either. I do not recommend.
B00EDOMUYI Three Stars Slightly small
B00EDOMUYI great shoes. a little small I really like the shoes. And ive gotten a lot of compliments on them. But I do think they run a little small. Maybe should 've gottona 1/2 size bigger.
B00EDOMUYI Too small Too small
B00EDOR4L2 price great, fit...Puma always runs half size small...looks, cool...comfort, very much so. thanks Puma and Amazon...now, if I could EVER get the suede black ones with the white stripe in an 8....EVER....please order more!!!!!!!!!!!
B00EDOR4L2 Too small I really liked the color and feel of the shoe but they were just too small.  Very disappointed.
B00EDOR4L2 Too Small excellent brand and shoe but too small relative to standard sizing.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Nice shoes, too small. Didn't have in my size.
B00EDOR4L2 Small but what I wanted These shoes run really small. However since I'm like a 9 3/4 (I purchased a 10) it worked out perfect. Love the style, comfort and colors. Puma is one of my favs (but expect a breaking in period on them).
B00EDOR4L2 Run small Shoes are okay, just seem to run small. I can usually order size 7 and know they will fit but I would need at least a 7 1/2 in these. I'll be returning these.
B00EDOR4L2 Too small to know The shoes arrived on time and were really cute.  Unfortunately, though, they were too small.  I would have exchanged them for a half size larger, but that was not an option.
B00EDOR4L2 Ended up being too small The shoes ended up being too small, but they were in excellent shape.  These are amazing shoes.  Sometimes it's just hard to find the right size.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Great shoe though too small in toe area had to return
B00EDOR4L2 Too small and too wide These are really nice looking but for me they were too tight and very wide.If you are between sizes I'd order up.I think it's how PUMAs run.Nikes fit better on me. I'm always the same size so I was surprised.
B00EE6W3C4 Would be great if it wasn't too small Order 2 sizes larger than usual.  It is a great tee but ran really small.  Soft, comfortable material and super cute.
B00EP07NNS Quality is good Our baby will come in few month, so cannot say anything about fitting, but I think, size is to small...and our daughter will use it just few weeks....
B00EP1JYZM Bad material very light and unexpectedly cheap material, I bought it about 2 month back, now it is unwearable, also runs small, bad attribute to puma !
B00EPEMDFC Too Small again the sizing was not as expected but I already bought it so I have to re-order cause the kids really loves it
B00EPEMFDC Run's small This jacket have great quality, is well made and super cool but is small! My son is an average size and sadly this runs small!
B00EQ2EKYK Not so happy It was to small that I forced it n it riped:(I was disappointed :( cus I had got another for my 1 in half year old n it was too small to;(
B00ETI2NUE Great Great shoes, I just don't like that the sole is very small, they get dirty very quickly
B00EX92PUM Fits really small I wasn't happy It was to small for me and I ordered an xl that has never not fit me before but this sweater runs small
B00EX92PUM Ok.... Got this for my mom... She's pretty small but after seeing some of the previous reviews I wanted to get it a size bigger just in case but I still think it was a little snug!
B00EX92PUM Runs small Runs pretty small for a &#34;large.&#34; Otherwise, love it. Color is as posted, very well described, just runs small. Nice hoodie!
B00EX92PUM I really like it! I'm a huge Puma fan and I know their sizes run small.  I ordered a size up and wear this hoodie a lot. Very comfy and warm.
B00EX92PUM High-quality, super comfy sweatshirt - definitely size up! I purchased this sweatshirt in both a small and a medium and ended up keeping the medium. True to my experience with the Puma brand, this is a high-quality, well-made sweatshirt that has quickly become my favorite sweatshirt. It definitely runs small though so be sure to size up. For reference, I have a small frame and typically wear an XS or S in most clothing (5'3&#34;, 115lbs) and the small was just too snug. The medium is slightly bigger than I would normally go for but a sweatshirt should have a little extra room anyway.Highly recommend!
B00F4O07I2 Four Stars Small arm length, thicker than a normal track jacket. 5'7, 130 should have got a medium- borderline
B00F5YP2O0 Great quality,but improper fit! These pants are very well made, and super cute, but way too small in the waist.  They would be perfect for a little guy with really long legs and a tiny waist.  I was disspointed in them for my son, but they are still good pants.  I would recommend ordering them in a size or two larger if you have a bigger little guy.
B00FFPOCYU Great boots that run small Love the shoe but they run a little bit small and because they are synthetic there is no stretch. Order a half size larger than usual
B00FJC2JC6 I am an 11 in just about everything, 11 ... I am an 11 in just about everything, 11.5 was too small, had to go to 12.
B00FJEQ2JU Shoes were too small for my husband. I would have returned.  These were lightweight, attractive looking shoes, nice color; however much too small.  Friend admired them...gave to him.  He is very pleases with shoes... he said he is usually size 9.
B00FLXVIP2 Not small per the description I like the watch, however the description says small and it's not small at all.  I specifically chose the watch because I have small hands and wrist. The face is very large.
B00FM8IM14 Beautiful but somewhat small The shoes is somewhat small. The size no correct. I need shoes size two. Puma is very good shoes. Thank you.
B00FMCASVM A little small My son loves the shirt but it runs a little small com paired to other shirts with the same sizing.
B00FRG5J94 poor way too small and the exchange process was a hassle.  For some reason it would not let me do and even exchange and I had to reorder the same product in a larger size, while i waited for a refund for this item. not as easy as you make it out to be.
B00FRIJ1NC Runs small! Loved it...really cute, but it runs very small! If you get it, order up a size. I hated to have to send it back!
B00FSE9ETQ Darling but SMALL! I ordered a large for my daughter who generally wears a size 10 top....it's tiny! Very cute, bright design but it won't work. Before I attempt a return, I'm going to let my 8 yr old, beanpole niece try it on and see if it fits her.
B00FSG0V9G Cute but runs SMALL Super cute with the matching pants but we found the tops run quite small. Get at least one size larger. Im finding the sizing issue seems true of PUMA in general...
B00FSSIGTG Four Stars Love it, but too small than expected
B00FSY0GXO Awesom print A little small, and must be returned. Largest size, so I guess we go to the men's now!!!!!All in all, a great product.
B00FVYRD4G Puma shorts review They were to small, again I was guessing size didnt have numbers to go by. I was guessing 14-16. Gave them to brother.
B00FVZG8EG too small size 7 is more of a 5 or 6. very short pants. GREAT quality product and good buy for the money, but FIT IS SMALL.
B00FVZGL2K Nice cloth When I bought it I was affraid it was too small but it fits my kid very nice and the colors are very nice for the kid
B00FW6AWYQ I wish they made boys clothing in a size 9 I have a little bigger then average 8 year old.small is to small, and Med is to big.  In a few months it will be ok.
B00FW6S8GA Its not bad The delivery was very good, came at the time it was expected. The Jersey its self looks very good. For the size it was somewhat small but not bad, my height is 5,4 so anyone with this height should get extra large.
B00FWVGP0Q Great quality but much larger than expected Great quality green Brasil soccer short by Puma. I ordered a boys size small for our 9 year old and they are huge on him, big waisted and long. No extra small to return for so will keep these for him to grow into. They almost look like they could be a man's size small but indeed the inner label says "Boys, small". Otherwise fantastic quality, great colors, and our son is really happy with them, he will roll the waist down to get them to fit now.
B00G4CZDDM Order 1/2 Larger Than Normal These shoes are great.  I love the way they fit.  You just need to make sure that you order shoes 1/2 size larger than normal because they run a little small.  The shoes look even better than the picture.
B00GHPBO7U Two Stars It looks really good but the size is too small.
B00GOMDK9Q Cheap socks, expected too much These run a bit small for my size 10 foot, which is at the top of the range. Launder just fine.
B00GOMDK9Q Great socks Comfortable and cute .. I use them for working out. They are a little small for my size 9 feet
B00GOMDK9Q Run small They run small but fit. I'm a 9/9.5Otherwise they are fine. Next time I would go up a size.
B00HSH997S My fault. Yes they were to small.  But I am not good a returning things so I gave them to a little girl.
B00HSH9C4I my luck They were too small for me. I got them in a timely fashion & loved them until I tried one on. So now my daughter wears them.
B00HSH9C4I Too small. These are way too small. Wasted money and not worth returning. I won't won't be buying from Puma again.s
B00HSH9C4I Way Too Small! The socks are adorable...exactly what i wanted except too small for my daughters feet. I thought i was buying girls (9 yr old) with a size 4 shoe. But these were too tight and small.
B00HSH9C4I too small The size says it will fit an 8.5 but they didn't. The material wasn't very stretchy and they were too small. I wear from an 8-8.5 and these socks could hardly go up my heel. I don't even have wide or fat feet, so it was very disappointing.
B00I9V1IGC too small to adjust its too small i feel very uncomfortable i dont want return these i can adjust so no more issues for this item
B00I9V1IGC A bit to small I usually read reviews but somehow jumped the gun and ordered without reading! These socks do run very small! I got a bigger than my 13yr old sons feet and the barely fit but if I would hv gotten tbe largest size the would hv fit perfect!  But I would still recommend just get the right size!
B00IDFI8H6 I love the colors and the quality of these I love the colors and the quality of these. The price is right at around 3 dollars per onesie. The only fault is they run small and aren't very stretchy. I have a small almost 4 month old that is small and she fits perfect in the 3-6 ones...I don't forsee her fitting in them at 6 months.
B00IO6YCWY Mediums Run Way Small Muuuch smaller than than a traditional medium.
B00IY2KHL8 Too small! Wayyyyy too small. Great for my toddler if he suddenly decided to run :( not even worth returning. Bummed out.
B00IY2KHL8 NOT TH SIXE THAT WAS ADVEISED ewwww tooo small.... DONT BUY.
