B0000722QT You can never go wrong with Pumas They look nice with most everything, and as long as you keep them nice and white and clean, you can't get in trouble for wearing them with skirts, shorts, or jeans. Everyone should own a pair.
B0000722QT Puma Shoes Puma shoes are awesome!! they are so comfy and very cute! They also have TONS of colors so you have many many style choices.
B00007282M not worthy They're not very confortable. Not a lot of support for even walking one hour straight in. Probably wouldnt order them again. Wasn't impress with their shipping practice either.
B0000749CN great boots love these boots.  the tread design is well placed, and very functional.  the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong.  i like the material as it allows for a good touch.
B000074A7G Awesome Comfy Puma Sneakers These sneakers are among the best I have ever had. You should buy them because they are wonderfully comfy, fairly cheap for Pumas and adorably cute to wear.
B000074ZOO Good Product for Softball Players Good fit and great for softball if you don't like wearing full cleats.  Very light and comfortable, except for the staple that protruded on the inside.  Easily removed though, but a design flaw none the less.
B00009PO44 Puma's Great cleat - like the old school look and feel.  I Coach my son's Soccer team and have no complaint's!
B00009PO44 The best cleats ever No cleat matches the good and classic Puma King. With less weight than the old ones and the same, cool stile, this cleats make playing on the pitch a great experience.You won't regret buying this cleats. Don't hesitate, just buy them.
B00009PO44 my new cleats Excellent for cleats.i have the adidas copa mundial.but the puma king is a better shoe with more stability with fast turns and long kicks
B0000DEHGM Free Shipping.....YEAH RIGHT!!!!!! Amazon advertised free shipping so I took the Bait. I will not use AMAZON again. I deal with liars all day at work. I do not need to deal with more over the computer.________Amazon's reasoning: The Item was not from their inventory. So What! I feel they should back their word up and pay the shipping costs! Can I get a Hell Yeah?
B0000V9NPC I love it! it looks a little bit bigger on the screen, but I love the shape of it and it is a HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT. It has both sporty and elegant look; exactly what I wanted. And I got a miniature puma bag with the order! Totally satisfied =)
B00016LEZI Barely even there i gotta say, these are the best shoes i have ever been lucky enough to find. when i wear 'em it's almost like they're not there. they're still very comfortable but it's a very light shoe which is what i wanted. worth every penny, i say
B0002MQR6C New Review! I like this item B0002MQR6C very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
B0002ZCECU Cool looking spikes Haven't been able to use them yet.  I'll tell you next summer how they are.  Look great, though.
B000696WIO Great for the gym or for hanging out on a day off. These are attractive and well made track pants. Not made of flimsy parachute cloth, but rather from a higher quality tricot. The side seam pockets are deep enough to be functional. For the price, you won't do better.
B0006PR4XK excellent OK TIME ON DELIVERINGOK SIZENICE SHOESGREAT PRICESTHANKS GUYS
B0007TBAI0 Fit is ok Seemed to have very little stretch or breathability, but they do serve their purpose.  Like the colors.  Good for the price.
B0007TBAI0 Not as described( I purchased these socks because in a listing they were described as cotton, and cannot wear polyester socks- get rash and sweating, so they were like 70-80% cotton and 20% poly in the listing, but when they arrived they were 70-80% poly,20-30% cotton. I even ordered 2 packs, was totally disappointed  and had to return both packs. If you consider to purchase these keep in mind - they are poly not cotton. But the price was really good though...
B0007X7ELS Four Stars All complete, thx
B0009NIU5A comfy I love these Pumas. I have them in Oatmeal and Black.They are head turners.People ask me where I got them all the time.Very light weight and comfy.
B0009PUMBI Kids Soccer Shoe The product was exactly as described on the website- the size seems true to life and fit my son very well. It is holding up nicely on the soccer field so far!
B0009QCYRW Be careful Be carefull with these new style Kings. I had been wearing Puma Kings for over a decade, having bought at least 10 pairs of various styles. I always wore a size US9.5. A size 9.5 in these was too small, and by the time I realized it, it was too late to return them. So I started soaking them in water before wearing them to try to get them to stretch out some. After three games I could finally wear them without pain but the soles came unglued, and the shoes went in the trash can. Never had any issues with the old style.
B0009QGNZG Don't order from Champs Sports Shoes are great, but don't order from Champs Sport if you have any other option unless you don't mind receiving you item well after you need them. It takes at least a day before Amazon gives them the order and then another 2 days before they even process it. Shoe hasn't even left the warehouse. I ordered it on a Wednesday and didn't even get it shipped out of the warehouse til Monday and expected time to get to my place? 11 days. Item usually ships in 24 hours. Be mindful of the word usually. Yes I am bitter.
B0009QGPPO Durable, comfortable & stylish I'm on my 7th pair (in 5 yrs)I wear this as a street & hiking shoe everyday. They hold up really well for me, and I love the look of the toe box.(+ they'll hold up even longer with proper leather care).Enjoy.
B0009QGPPO Nice indoor turf boots Boots fit nice and handle well. Pretty comfortable too. I wish they were a bit lighter but they do the job and then some.
B0009QGPPO My dream shoes!!! Always wanted them. Now I have them. I can see why people pay good money for theses shoes. They make you FEEL you are a KING on the field.
B0009QGPPO Very Comfortable I always wore Nike soccer turf shoes and have been playing soccer over 25 years. This Puma King turf is very comfortable (even more than my running shoe) and simply amazing!
B0009QGPPO Show Perfect!!! Very very very showwwwwwwwwww!! Wondeful!!I always buy PUMA and always buy, I'm happy for that and I am a loyal customer. I can not adapt to another brand! Meets me in every way.
B0009QGPPO All Around A number of my games are played on very hard fields (not the plush fields I played on in college).  My cleats were wearing my knees and back out and I needed a more forgiving boot for hard surfaced fields.  I have been extremely happy with the Puma King All Around.  I still wear my Puma King studs as often as I can though!
B0009QGPPO Bought for my son to play indoor and outdoor. Nice cleats for wide feet.  Traction is good for Las Vegas Grass fields and holds well on turf.  Worth the money if your kid plays both indoor and outdoor.
B0009QGPPO Very Nice Puma Mens KingWhat can i say is a very nice fit and strong and i like them. Simple as that.You cant go wrong with them
B000BOCNRI Disappointed but usable The first day they bruised my left toe due to friction with pieces of leather sticking out (of the inside).  I have owned 5 pairs of outdoor kings and loved them.  They did fit perfectly from the first day and although they did not last long, they performed flawlessly.  I can't say the same about the indoor version.  I'll try to do some modifications and if it helps me to get more use out of these I'll add to the comments.Edit: After a bit of modification and using thicker socks, I can use them now. Still not a perfect fit but usable.
B000BOCNRI Perfect for indoor and Futsal! Perfect fit and comfortable soccer shoes! Durable and helps on controlling the ball during play. Would buy these again. For sure!
B000BOCNRI Kings are the best Ive been playing soccer my whole life through college and Id have to say that Puma Kings are the best shoes Ive ever owned. I do have wider feet and Puma's definetly are wider shoes. I've never found a Nike or Addidas shoe that compares. Kings are the best.
B000BX79W8 Tight leg Indeed I'm a personal trainer, so I've tried a slew of training garments. After being excited to get these, I must give a mixed review.PROS:(1) They're extremely comfortable, have a stretch material that slides off your skin when you move.(2) The material itself looks very attractive, though I'm afraid it may easily catch a thread "run" if you scratch it against something sharp.CONS:(1) They are TIGHT leg, meaning they will, to put it bluntly, make your rear end look bigger than any other pants will. Remember how addidas pants have zip openings that flow? These don't even fall limber when they're unzipped. The elastic and spandex is so tight you'll look like a speedskater (Long tights).(2) They look a bit feminine. Con #1 notwithstanding, they have a grey serge stitch above your rear end that draws attention, a motif for a lot of women's athletic wear.For what it's worth, I'm returning them. If you're thinking of buying them, just remmeber that tight leg doesn't mean they'll look snug. They're one step above tights.
B000BY832C QUALITY PRODUCT ! QUALITY VALUE . PUMA DOES IT RIGHT. SIZE TRUE TO FIT & HAS A  TAILORED LOOK & FEEL.VERY COMFORTABLE. ONLY REASON FOR A 4 RATING IS THAT  PRODUCT FOTO WAS PRIMARILY A RED  JACKET BUT IN THE ORDERING PROCESS THE FOTO SHOWN WAS A NAVY COLORED JACKET. JACKET RECEIVED WAS A NAVY COLOR SO IT WAS A LITTLE CONFUSING.
B000C4XHJA Love the socks Love the socks! I work in a factory and have to wear steal toed shoes and these help my feet from hurting. Great fit.
B000C4XHJA Wonderful socks Love these socks! Been buying them for a while they are very comfortable and have nice Arch support. Also the seam along the top is thin and does not dig into your toes like so many other socks do. These are all around great the colors are cute and the socks hold up very well.
B000C4XHJA Nice fit, great fabric,  stays in place. After reading couples reviews I chose toget these ones. Good choice. Like the fabric u t feels great. Stays in place- tried them with different activities,  walk, gym, daily errans.
B000CKLWEG Puma Socks These were a gift to someone else. The sizing range was correct and they are stylish for the low profile variety of socks and offer something different from the more commonly seen white low profile socks.
B000E3V8KO EXCELLENT IT IS AN ORIGINAL FERRARI ITEM THAT COMES EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED.COLORS ARE PERFECT.AND IT FITS AS YOU WOULD EXPECT.
B000EWQQYS hope u have small feet! The quality of the socks themselves is great, but one major drawback is the hole you put your foot into the sock. That thing does NOT stretch enough to get your foot in it, each time I put these on it feels like the elastic in the band is going to snap, seriously I can barely get them on. I wear a 10.5 reg, once the sock is on it fits fine, its just that getting it on is a pain. I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
B000F2TP6I Hello The shoes are great, very strong and nice looking, They are what I wanted, About the shipping well it was good too I got then on time, Please everyone try it you'll see, Thank you
B000F4FAYW Puma Men's Repli Cat Low L Very lightweight and durable thus far. They could use a little arch support. All in, Puma has done well. Very well priced and affordable.
B000FPLEOG Great! I'm from Ecuador. I`ll tell you my experience whit this purchase. This shoes are great, I`m very happy whit this purchase, so i recommended everybody this product, most to people from Southamerica.
B000FPLEOG very cute It looks very cute. but just a little expensive. Anyway, i like puma. By the way, after book this shoes, 1$ was missing, besides 44$, I don't know why?
B000FPLEOG Comfortable, stylish and not hipster Very good on feet. The grip is great. I have been wearing them at work every day. I love the slip-on comfort and can take it out if I want to chill. Perfect for San Francisco/Bay Area weather.
B000FPLEOG Very nice, watch out for slippery surfaces The shoes are beautiful, no doubt about it.But they are not at all deck shoes (the style they try to copy, shoes people wear on boat decks); they are very slippery when floor is wet or when you go inside after walking in the rain outside. You have to be careful!
B000FPLEOG Five Stars good
B000FPLEOG Good deal These are very confortable, good looking and light, I wish the band was adjustable, but overall it is a very good buy, perfect for warm weather, stylish enough to wear to the bar.
B000FPLEOG 100% satisfied When I originally searched for this product, it was not available in the correct size. However, the product was never removed or deleted from my wishlist and a few months later I saw the link. To my surprise the buyer had restocked the product in a variety of sizes and I was ecstatic.  When the product arrived at my house, it was exactly what I expected and arrived in a timely fashion, maybe a little earlier then when it was supposed to arrive. I was very satisfied with my purchase and would buy again from this buyer.
B000FPLEOG speedy delivery for great product Amazon delivered exactly what I asked for in record time. I chose the super saver delivery option and it made it to Hawaii before the expedited ordered I placed for my gf's shirt. Very pleased
B000FPLEOG Feels Great!!!!!!!! This sneaker is great to walk in and it slip right on to my feet.  To me, El rey are great because they are a simple.  Just slip on and go.  That's it.
B000FPLEOG A Style Faux Pas Well, it's a matter of taste for sure, but these didn't work for me. Maybe I'm just an Adidas guy after all...
B000FVZ1YE Perfection!! This is exactly what I wanted, the fit was superb, the comfort factor is over the moon. They come in super cool colors. I am certain this will be the only underwear he will wear from now on.
B000FVZ1YE Green! They fit well. They do not climb or pinch. Great green color that appears to hold through washes..There was a long thread from a seam when the item arrived. I cut it carefully but it still started to release the seam. I had to re-sew the spot. With what these cost, it was rather annoying.
B000GDXNV4 Title It works. Enough said. word word word word word word word word word. Stupid to tell me how many words to write when four words will do.
B000GDXNV4 Red Marine It's hard to know how well a product like this works in a short time span and you are taking other types of vitamins as well.Algae is good for you, I'm not convinced this red marine algae is anything better.
B000GDXNV4 Surprisingly Great I'm usually not comfortable with online purchases, however this experience was great.I received the Red Marine Algae as ordered and it work smoothly.  I wanted to boost myimmune system and fight off a winter virus.  This product worked as expected while takingit on a regular schedule.  I'm very pleased with the results and plan to continue its use asneeded.  Surprisingly Great!
B000GDXNV4 this product works!! i have not had a coldsore in over a year! (knock on wood) i used to get coldsores quite often.. sometimes 4 or 5 times a year... i hated it.. i'd pay $1,000,000 to not get them again hehe.. thats how bad coldsores kill your social life(they also leave scarring).my mom's coworker recommended this product to me.. so i decided to try it outyou get coldsores when your bodie's antiviral immune system levels are low... and this could be caused by a number of things such as getting sick.. overexerting your body... getting too much sun... anything that causes your body to become weaker...so when i've gotten sick in the pass year... as soon as i feel a cold coming on i would drink 4 capsules twice a day during my cold... and once my cold went away to stop drinking the capsules(drink the capsules only when you think you're body is under extreme stress). i have done this for the past year and have not gotten any coldsores!!one time i had a hangover from drinking too much.. threw up for most of the morning.. i didnt think anything of it... a couple days later a coldsore started to appear on my upperlip.. it was in its very beginning stages... so i quickly drank 4 capsules twice a day and the coldsore never fully formed and disappeared completely after 2 days leaving no scarring at all.this product works...this is a small price to pay to not have to experience the ugly pain of coldsores again
B000GDXNV4 sweet The Best !!!!!!!!!!!! N0t one cold sore at beach all summer long. Its amazing !!! 1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Absolutely recommend to others! !!!!
B000HAWJ66 Great Shoes So comfortable! I found that Eastbay got these contoured pieces of relaxation for the troubled dogs out to me so quickly. Highly recommended for the price!!!  I get compliments on them every time I wear them.
B000HDFB1S Nice buy! It was a really smoth transaction, and the item arrived super fast. It's a gift So I didn't try it or anything but it works and looks good.I gave it 4 stars because it is a litle too big, doesnt make a difference though, they could just have posted more pictures.
B000HDH2T2 Puma Futuristic Well made and very handsome on the wrist! Able to see leds well, except with sunlight and over head lighting.
B000HDH2TC I COULD NOT SEE EVERYTIME.. TOO DARK... AS SOON AS I GOT THAT, I DOUBTED MY EYE..BECAUSE I COULD NOT SEE THE TIME..TOO DARK..IT WAS JUST FASHION..I COULD NOT LOOK THE TIME..
B000I6PTMA Good, but don't expect so much... Nice, but there is a lot of other shirts more beautiful than that...
B000II35TW Awesome shoes Very comfortable and stylish.  They look good with jeans and are good to party in.
B000II59K0 Am I only person ordered this? I ordered Jan.1st but I don't know what's going on.Please tell me thereis no problem.
B000IMS9MG Love them! I love these pants.  I got them in green w/dark blue stripes a year ago and I wear them all the time.  I'm wearing them right now!
B000JLLSWY ok Puma label only on one side, from the other side, they look like generic gas station glasses.  Very light and good for runnign though
B000K7EIME Velcro Closing Velcro closing is not on the outer portion of the shoe and is easily detach if inadvertently kicked while walking.
B000K7EIME great sneaker I havre been using this  Puma for years. I work out 5 days a week and it needs to fit... also velcro is great.. no lace to untie during  yoga. Pleas e  let me know if you have  this mostro model  sixe 8.5 in white with black straps  thank you Marion
B000K7EIME My favorite Puma sneaker I've been wearing this puma style for years. It's a beautiful sneaker and very durable. I personally had to order a half size up because Puma always tends to run a bit small for me. This particular women's style has been discontinued by Puma and replaced by a bulky unisex version. Needless to say, I was thrilled to find the original on amazon!
B000K7EIME So comfortable!! I had these shoes many years ago in white and decided to buy another pair. They're so comfortable! They feel like they are hugging your foot and give good support around your arch. The velcro closure is nice because you can put the shoes on very fast. The only downside to the velcro is that it can sometimes get caught on the inside of your pants and become unhooked, although this rarely happens. Great sneakers and very comfortable for running day to day errands.
B000K7EIME My Daughter Loved Them! Purchased these shoes for my Daughter for Christmas.  Online, I thought they looked sharp; when I received them, I knew they did.... My Daughter loved them.  Said they fit right and she was wearing them with her work khakis and Black and White top.  (She is a Physical Therapist and knows good shoes....) I am pleased with the service and the product.  Will definitely buy from this vendor again.
B000K7EIME I would give them 6 stars I'm a huge Puma fan and these sneakers certainly do not disappoint. I love them so much I had to buy them in white also!
B000K7EIME Perfecto Besides my infinity for pumas, I LOVE this sneaker. It is the perfect everyday casual sneaker, is stylish and extremely comfortable...
B000K7EIME I live in these sneakers These sneakers are very comfortable and they look nice. I get lots of compliments when I wear them (which is almost all the time).I used to have foot problems but these sneakers are the answer.
B000K7EIME Great Great shoes.  My wife has bought this model probably 4 times in the last 10 years.  They last long and are comfortable.
B000K7EIME love them I love these shoes, They are so comfy, LOVE THEM!! They look sporty and are made very well. Ill be buying more Puma's!
B000K7EIME Puma Women's Mostro Perf EXT Fashion Sneaker This is my second pair.  They are soft, never wear blisters, last forever, comfortable, and I wear them for walking, running, and for simply for casual wear.
B000KE0GS2 pretty good cleat I ordered these for my college baseball player son.  They are light and very comfortable.  They run a little big his could actually be a size smaller.  Also he added a "Tuff toe" pitching toe to help protect big toe area.
B000L1DEWO Great I love Puma socks. I usually get them at TJ Maxx but since I don't make it there often, I was happy I could order them on here. They are great socks, what more is there to say?!
B000L1DEWO They are socks! These are socks. But they are comfortable and durable and they get the job done, what more can you ask for?
B000L1DEWO puma socks These are the most comfortable socks.  I like them because they are ligjt weight and they an breath. I defineitey recommend them
B000L1I7SK Nice, Quality, Very Short Bought for my husband, they are very soft and material is nice and thin.  However, these aren't the underwear I was expecting.  I had purchased some Puma sport boxer brief type underwear in store that were shorted than the typical boxer brief, but these are REALLY short, like hot-pants or booty shorts.  My husband wears them...I call them his stripper underwear, lol.  He says he does wish they were just a little bit longer.
B000L1I7SK Sexy and stylish but pretty short Bought these for my husband because he decided he was done with cheap Hanes-brand boxers and boxer briefs. Hallelujah!! For a guy that has fun with fashion I can't believe it took him so long. Have to say for our first foray into higher-priced underwear these worked out great! We can confirm that good underwear is worth the money and these are even on the low end. Great entry-level into the world of &#34;nice&#34; underwear but these ARE really short. We are still shopping around, sampling the different brands and price-points but I have a feeling he will ask me to grab him another pack of these (meanwhile I will be grabbing his package). Have some fun and buy these, it will add a little spring into your step ;)
B000LZMMBY Best shoe ever. I bought these directly from Puma.  I wish they would consider re-releasing them into production.  They are so comfortable that the in-joke with my roomate was "these shoes are so comfortable" as he had begun to get tired of me saying that every time I wore them.
B000M6CCYY Awesome The shoes are comfy, true to size and just plain awesome.  The only complaint is trying to keep the tongue in place.  Other than that these shoes rock.
B000MIPFNC good shoes shoes are nice, but the order took a little too long to ship after being placed, however once shipped it arrived fast since it was just a couple of zip codes away.
B000MIQOZU Pretty good for the price Good price for pretty sturdy shoes. I like the tread a lot because it's great for outdoor activity--I use them to walk and hike. The red started to peel off in places not too long after I got them, though.
B000MIRLNY Play Ball! I purchased these for my 8 yr old son who plays little league and they are great!  He is very picky and is at that age where he insists on picking out his own shoes and clothes, so I was expecting a battle because I bought these as a surprise.... They fit comfortably and he absolutely loves them.  He even said they're the best cleats he's had!
B000MLZM82 Sporty handbag Nice little sporty handbag. Perfect size. It holds my camera, key's, phone, glasses, and wallet. Perfect for on the go.
B000MMEYIK Black Puma sleeveless Hubby loved this! Wouldn't take it off. Very comfortable & good fabric. Good buy. Haven't dried in dryer but hoping it doesn't shrink if I do.
B000MMEYIK Puma excellent sleeveless wear Puma products are by far the best...I love my sleeveless and now have a number of them with lots of positive comments The perfect summer wear
B000MWA1HI The band is fragile The band is not so good, in a little time had broke. the leather (fake) broke.
B000N297HC puma shorts these shorts are, as advertised, definitely coach shorts.  they are comfortable and light, but if you plan on using them to be highly active they made ride up a little (not quite enough to show your jock strap, but it could be a little embarassing).  If you are cool with showing a lot of leg, like a soccer player, they are great, but they aren't quite appropriate if you want to take them to the basketball court.
B000N524M4 Awson shoes I bought these shoes on another online site but I would like to write a review on Amazon as I am one of your customers.  These fit very nice.  They are very comfortable.  I bought the orange color and wear it to work. I am looking for a size nine in the black and pink but cant find it sad.  Ladys I encourage you to try it and you will not be disapointed.
B000O6KBLS Puma v-KAT II SG They are very confortable and look a way more nice in person than the pictures you see on amazon or internet, I bought a 9.5 size but they didnt feel like 9.5, seems to me that are a little bit smaller even so they are confortable
B000OBNDQ8 well done I was very happy with the way the item was delivered and the product itself was not at all disappointing. I would not hesitate to buy products from Amazon again....
B000OR2EK8 Great looks, Unbelievably Light, OK comfort Don't get me wrong, I love these shoes. They are incredibly light and they make me stand out anywhere. However, if I wear them for several hours at a time, then I begin to have some comfort issues. Nothing major, but I become very aware of the arch and I end up wanting to take them off. Overall, I'm very pleased with these shoes despite my minor comfort issues.
B000Q3E78C Soccer boots should always be leather These boots are working for my daughter just fine so far but, after only a few practices, are already showing signs that she will get at best only a year out of them. However, since she is only 13, that is probably the best I could expect regardless. Once her feet stop growing I will invest in a nicer pair for her.
B000QDM554 very upset Well I was very upset when the sneakers came in the mail.  I ordered them for my daughter for school.  When they came, she opened them and they were dirty and scuffed up like someone had worn them.  It was too late to send them back and get another pair, so i just sent them back with the return label that came in the box.  Well someone lost the sneakers and i have yet to get the 62.99 credit for them.  I will probably never order through them again.  Just be aware!!!!!!!!!!!
B000QDO7SM This shoes are great, very confortable! This shoes are great, very confortable! I bought them thinking of something very nice and I was not wrong... There are very nice and soft... They are very appropiated to sunny days...
B000R4XHRC perfect perfect shoes and very comfortable I like them alot.They fit great and I would buy them again, excellent quality
B000R4XHRC &#1056;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088; &#1085;&#1077; &#1089;&#1086;&#1086;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1090;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1091;&#1077;&#1090;. &#1050;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1089;&#1086;&#1074;&#1082;&#1080; &#1086;&#1090;&#1083;&#1080;&#1095;&#1085;&#1099;&#1077;. &#1069;&#1090;&#1086; &#1091;&#1078;&#1077; &#1095;&#1077;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1088;&#1090;&#1072;&#1103; &#1087;&#1072;&#1088;&#1072; &#1080;&#1079; &#1101;&#1090;&#1086;&#1081; &#1089;&#1077;&#1088;&#1080;&#1080; &#1076;&#1083;&#1103; &#1084;&#1086;&#1077;&#1075;&#1086; &#1084;&#1091;&#1078;&#1072;. &#1053;&#1086; &#1088;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088; &#1085;&#1077; &#1089;&#1086;&#1086;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1090;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1091;&#1077;&#1090; &#1087;&#1088;&#1077;&#1076;&#1099;&#1076;&#1091;&#1097;&#1080;&#1084; &#1082;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1089;&#1086;&#1074;&#1082;&#1072;&#1084;. &#1069;&#1090;&#1080; &#1095;&#1077;&#1090;&#1100; &#1073;&#1086;&#1083;&#1100;&#1096;&#1077;, &#1075;&#1076;&#1077;-&#1090;&#1086; &#1085;&#1072; &#1087;&#1086;&#1083;&#1086;&#1074;&#1080;&#1085;&#1091; &#1088;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088;&#1072;.
B000R4XHRC excellent best of the best shoes i remember at the 80's the model PUMA METEOR are fantastic i like puma i feel nostalgy
B000R4XHRC Not too bad a fit, But they do seem to be an exact D width and the length is pretty exact as well. Very good fit and finish. Stable, yet light weight on the Pickleball court, and not marking. Sure footed grip to the tread.
B000R4XHRC It OK Fits a little snug.  Great for lounging.  Not great for walking long distances.  Havnt bought Puma in maybe 20 years.  Guess I'll have to stick with Nike.
B000R4XHRC Great item It's not easy to find nice gym shoes that aren't in black or garish colors, so these were a good find. Very comfortable, and they breathe relatively well. Size seems right on the money too. Recommended
B000R4XHRC Tight!! I like being a little different so I shop brands and styles that most of my friends do even bother looking at until they see me with it.  These shoes are comfortable
B000R4XHRC Great product. Awesome sneakers, only problem is the Uk measures are different than here. But since I was a kid always want to have them.
B000R4XHRC Worst GV I Ever Own I had various Puma's start from 80's, including GV's. This is the worst knocked down version, Made in China of course. No grain leather, stiff non-&#34;rubber&#34; sole, somewhat small (order 0.5 size extra to be ok). I know how good this model used to be. Puma let us down big time.
B000R4XHRC Oh! So Comfortable! I chose thes shoes for their great looks and they didn't dissapoint me. Very well built, great looking, completely stable and very cool on the foot due to many vent holes all over the toe-box. Price was extremely reasonable and delivery was prompt as always.  All in all, a great value.
B000R4XHRC I LOVE IT ! ACTUALLY THEY CAME IN PRETTY FAT ! THEY'RE SIZE 8.5 BUT SEMM TO FIT OR BE ALITTLE BIGGER I ALREADY CHECKED ! THEY COME INDIFFERENT SIZES THOUGH ! SOMETHING IN MY MIND TOLD ME TO ORDER THEM SO I DID , THEY'RE  COMFORTABLE AND LOOK COOL ! IRECOMMEND YOU BUY THEM , GET THEM !
B000R4XHRC Puma GV I have always like puma sneakers ever since I was a child. These sneakers provide good support for my feet and keep me balanced.
B000R4XHRC I) wish I had returned them I hardly wear them. Very rigid and ungiving.  Not really a huge fan of the sole or the over all aesthetic.
B000R4XHRC damn i still have these? i bought these a long ass time ago and they are still sitting in my room. sure they have a few rips but nothing too bad. they survived working at a movie theater for years so that's impressive...
B000R4XHRC Love PUMA Nice, comfortable, good looking shoe, gotta love PUMA!!!! Very well done, would highly recommend!!! Thank you Puma for another great product.
B000R4XHRC comfy n stylish This was a great bargain find for me!!! Comfy fit all around and stylish! Suitable for walkabout n office. Shipping was pretty fast too.
B000R4XHRC Throwback As comfortable as I remember. I will definitely buy another pair or two or three. This kicks remind me of being a kid!
B000R4XHRC Nice pair of retro sneaker Even though my usual size is 10, I went with 10.5 as other previous reviewers had advised. It turned out to be the correct decision.Look and feel wise, the sneaker appears to be the same as the original.Construction and material wise, it does seem to be a bit subpar (leather is very thin to the touch.)Durability wise, haven't worn it enough time to assess how they will hold up.Overall, I would rank it as 'good.'
B000R4XHRC Nice shoes Good looking sneakers, And very comfortable,appear to be very well made. I will buy Puma  again.I haven't taken them on a long walk yet, but the way they feel now I know they will be just fine.
B000R4XHRC Puma The colors are prefect the fit is on point and the reason for the rating because I'm a huge fan of Puma
B000R4XHRC cool i ordered this sneakers for someone dear to my heart and he really likes it and am so glad.it came in a nice package and fast shipping
B000R4XHRC Five Stars Nice Men's shoes... i love it ! seller highly recommended !!!
B000R4XHRC COULD BE PERFECT!!! NARROWER THAN I WOULD LIKE!!!IF IT WAS JUST A LITTLE WIDER, THIS SHOEWOULD DEFINITELY BE PERFECT!!!YET IT IS OKAY, BUT NOT FOR LONG DURATION'S!!!
B000R4XHRC PUMA FOREVER! Besides Adidas originals these are the only brand of sneaker i will ever wear! and I have been wearing GV since the 80's!!GV is a timeless classic and i love it!!
B000R4XHRC puma addict Very nice shoes need to return for one down.Have not worn them yet, but they look great.I love all the puma this styles.
B000R4XHRC AWESOME!!!!! Love these shoes!!!! Rugged for work and ready for a gig!They fit like a glove and I will buy them agian!
B000R4XHRC Classic This a can't go wrong sneaker. I have plantar fasciitis so I insert liquid orthodox insoles and I'm good all day on my feet. It's and all around footwear, work or play. And, it's always in style... In a word, Classic!
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Awesome Got these today and they are every bit what I hoped for. Always wanted these shoes and am so glad I got them. Very comfortable...nice leather. I did order a 13 when I usually wear a 12 to 12.5. Glad I did, as that is the only thing accurate about any of the negative reviews on here.If you are thinking of getting them...do it. You wont be disappointed.
B000R4XHRC shoes PUMA's They are fine, think it's just the break in period ...... we are satisfied!Thank you for assisting us with or selection.
B000R4XHRC Five Stars I love them thank u !!!!!
B000R4XHRC sharp and sturdy. these are great for my growing boy. i like that they are somewhat stiff, gives him the traction needed for his spastic 12 yr old nature! i want a pair for myself!
B000R4XHRC PUMA Men's GV Special Sneaker,White/ New Navy,10.5 D US PUMA Men's GV Special Sneakers White / Navy are somewhat tight. I could not wear Puma's sport socks together with sneakers.
B000R4XHRC Seller OK The sneakers are as I expected, no more, no less. It is a pleasure to wear them. All my friends like them too.
B000R4XHRC Great Product Great Product and excellent quality; fast shipping, fits exactly what I expected and great to work in, would do business again. Would recommend to others. Thank you
B000REX1DW Quick shipping, great product! Got the product in 2 days, much sooner than expected. Fantastic shoes, probably my all time favorites. Very comfortable, thought they do run a little small so take that into consideration when you order them!
B000REX1DW What an awesome Cat I've had these shoes for almost 2 years now and they're still just as comfortable as the day I bought them.  I do try and stick to wearing them as a pure driving shoe though since they don't provide that much all-day walking comfort as a thicker souled sneaker.
B000REX1DW are these running shoes? these shoes...  just looked comfy to me.  and they are.  i don't do anything in them, but walk, go to church, and pretty much just lounge around.  and they work for that!  and i believe they would work for other things.  not exactly warm of course, but you wouldn't expect that, would you?  ok, good.  i think they are pretty nifty shoes, and will replace them with another pair when i wear them out, probably.
B000REX1DW Puma's!!! These things are freeking cool, I love Puma's.. I just wanna make out with girls when they were them and not even take them off.... : )
B000REX1DW Excellent! I purchased these sneakers for my husband. When I placed the order, I picked the wrong size. I contacted the vendor and they changed it for me without a problem. Product arrived on time and the whole experience was excellent!
B000SHIN5O Comfortable bag This is very comfortable and big enough to put all your important things you need to have with you.
B000SMO6SW Aptly named. This a very comfortable shoe. I like wearing them while driving my '07 muscle car with a 5 speed manual transmission. Clutch feel is fantastic. Well designed including the symbolic "wrap-around" patches on the heels.If you like to burn rubber, these Pumas are for you.
B000TTNDKG amazing product. i got my Puma Men's Zip Hoody olive couler today onlly in a very good condition. iam wearing it right now, really it is amazing product.
B000TYN4J6 Really nice boots These are really nice boots. They are a bit loose but if you like that, you will like them. The leather is super high quality and generally the construction is solid.
B000UCUO4A A little big. I'm a natural xl, but this polo fits me a little bit wider. So I recommended you go for the smaller size.
B000UCUO4A Great Polo I bought this Polo about 3 years ago and still use it, is very comfortable to wear. I will buy it again.
B000UCW894 Little people Hey, these things have little lawyers printed on the side of the sole. Just think, for a moment, that they represent some jerk who has been telling you what you can and can not do and talking about the "law" as if it were a reasonable person....AND that you are stepping all over them...all day......priceless.
B000UD028M Nice jacket!!! Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick, I wish the price tag would be lower, but its ok, its puma...
B000VRGOCA PUMA boots Those were for my sister: she is 21 and lives in a big city. She looooves them! She says that they are fancy with the comfort of a sneaker.
B000VSF0Q0 Classy Classy and unusual asymmetric look. Durable enough for the gym, yet the crystals make it dressy enough for special occasions.
B000WR95FC Awesome HRM I've been using this Heart Rate Monitor for over 2 weeks now. Works well in a high impact gym environment (boxing class) & is easy to use.Also very fast delivery with the package arriving in 4 days.
B000WR95FC good product but not user friendly I bought the HRM on a Emirates flight and am using it for jogging and training. I have used it now for about 3 months and the product works fine and is generally accurate.A few drops of water on the skin under the measure unit is helpful to get the correct heart rate.The HRM is loaded with features, but it is not user friendly. In fact, if you loose the small instruction booklet, you will have a very hard time to programme the HRM or to access many of its features.I can only support the suggestion of another user that the company should post a user manual online!Actually this little gadget helped me to quit smoking - after I noticed that my HR jumped up 20% to 25% every time I smoked a cigarette I never lighted another again!
B000WR95FC Nice look, great features..... This watch has a lot of features(I only use it as a HRM) and looks great(as most puma products do).Pros: Bought mine in 2008 and still going strong, good battery life(still has original batteries),calorie counter(don't know how to use it lost my manual) and looks good(I especially like HRM gauge lights up).Cons:You have to wear a chest strap(that is common with most monitors).Overall this is a great product better than some new one that came out on the market recently.
B000WR95I4 Watche for man If you're a boy looking for a beautiful watche, perfect, it's  nice. But if you're a girl, don't buy it. It's too big!!! And I can't return it, they didn't come to pick it up at my home, and I call them everyday and they just don't do NOTHING! I do regret. They sent it very fast! 2 days and I got them, but when they want to sell it's very easy to send it fast, but when you want to return it's not their business, they don't mind! I'm very mad with this situation, I tell you, don't buy it if your a girl, otherwize you will have a lot of problems to return it. IT'S NOT UNISEX!!!
B000WR962E Great finish A teeny bit bigger than i expected, but went down well with the girl who wears it. The quality of the finish is top notch. A little on the expensive side @ 145 bucks, but worth it
B000WS0LC2 Sharp I love everything about it, except the face scratched.  I am not sure if it is the product or how I handled it/wore it.  Got compliments.
B000WS0LSQ never bought this I never bough this iten, I just hope i was not charged for this as the suunto piece, that i never got. but this one i not even remember buying
B000WS1V4Y Excellent purchase Four years in and this thing is still going strong...  This was an excellent purchase.  It's light weight and looks good.
B000WS1V6M THis did not work straight out of the box This was a gift for my daughter.  There was no consistent heart rate.  At rest her heart rate could flucuate from 84 to over 160.  Will return and ask for a new one.
B000WS1VA8 Nice I bought this item for my nephew, he really liked it.  Shipping was fast as promised.
B000WS1VA8 Very Good I'm sorry I was pretty busy some times I left nissan until 10 pmery good
B000WS3LQK TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT... I bought this watch for my birthday and I got to me the day before. I put it on and wore it for 4 hours in my office until I noticed that the rubber was completely dirty, I tried to wash it but the dirt didn't go out. Then I noticed the rubber is porous and although I try to clean it, it will keep getting dirty and trashy every time I use it. So I can tell that my birthday gift lasted just 4 hours. I decided to send it back to the seller and asked for refund, I don't even want to try a different model... It was a total disappointment!!!!
B000WS3M00 better then expective bought this months ago.lost time, had it oiled and works good now. had no trouble sense. did not know this would fix a quartz.
B000WS3M1O Beautiful design. But be careful. This watch is beautiful. Nice design. But be aware that the rubber strap stains easily.Put in a red fabric bag and put it in my bag. Went on a trip and open it next day. The edges where red. Tried to wash it but it didn't fade.After 3 weeks of use it's starting to fade.Overall 4 stars for this minor issue.
B000WS5KLO Great Buy! It's even more impressive on your wrist than on the picture. It comes with a nice box. Its really heave but once you have it on you get used to it. It's not that big, so if you have a small to medium wrist it will look great...I have it for 3 month already and the dial is in perfect shape due to the mineral material. I recommend it!
B000WS5KPU 2 I love PUMA but this was not what I exspected. The band is cheaply made and the PUMA is stiched in and kinda threaded.
B000XLM53G Good Stuff All Around These pants are extremly comfortable.  I wear them for both lounging about and working out.
B000YXORR0 nice and warm these boots are versatile too.  the purle on the outside of the boot comes off so you cant change the look up.
B000ZHG2U0 Good Pants These pants are true to size. They have not faded due to washing. The only thing was that there is no pink stripe, it is completely green.
B0011SQ8F6 simply the best i bought this shoe  2 weeks ago and i couldnt believe how comfortable and well fitted they are. It encourged me to go walking daily hence i dont have to worry about the aching feet when coming from long walks. They are well designed to absorb the weight of the body when standing and pouncing back when running. When i have decided to buy it there was only one review with 5 stars being really happy with it i had to take the time to write down this helping more people with there decision.
B00121ZAD8 functional yet fashionable This particular style makes me feel like GI Jane! I use it for paintballing. It is rugged and very durable yet lightweight and extremely stylish!
B0012Q36GQ Puma Zany Cats I love these shoes.  I ended up buy 2 more pairs in different colors.  I teach pilates and yoga in a gym setting and wear these to work.  Easy to slip on and off and have received a TON of compliments.  Great service, fast shipping and a wonderful experience.
B0012QD4ZE Just what I was looking for I have been looking for a light-weight sneaker that would pack compactly for some time.  The Usan exceeds my expectations.  Not only is it compact and light but it is comfortable to wear and to walk in.
B0012X7VQU Puma Men's infinite Trackie This jacket fit really well.  The only problem I can think of with it is the amount of static it can generate at times.
B0013THN7A Mediocre After a few washes and wears, this shirt has lost shape (collar looks stretched out, sleeves don't hang right).  What happened to the days when you buy a tshirt and wear it forever?  This one looks like I have owned it for years already.
B0013THN7A missing items hello mateto this day my items are missingcan you help me with this issuei am waitnig for your answer
B0013THN7A Classic T Like the Nike SWOOSH - the Puma T is a must have for any sneakerhead. Plain and simple - an iconic design. Made very well, seems like it will last for years. Amazon.com had it to my location before the estaimated arrival date, like normal.
B0013TL3KI i love ti! but be careful with the size!! very nice i love it  nice material but runs!!! big!!  its great looks sexy! i defenelly will buy another one
B0013TL3KI Great Value Good tee shirt and a good value. I would buy this again. The cotton is a little thin but I think that will work to my advantage in the summer months.
B0013TL3KI runs big and long nice fabric, yet runs big and longi gave 2 only for the sizing , it would cost me its price to return it back.
B0013XJWQ6 Excellent Soccer Cleats Great fit, really light, excellent material, good breathability, really really light, gives you a great feel of the ball, awesome traction, really REALLY light - did I mention that already?? I am partial to Puma. Why? Because quite simply, they make the best soccer cleats. Stylish, functional, great quality, and SUPER LIGHT!
B0014BV756 Daughter loved these. Beautiful shoes.  My daughter loved these.  They arrived promptly.  Pleased with my purchase.
B0014CR3A8 Had what I was looking for and received it  quickly Amazon had the shoes I was looking for when no other site had them, even Puma.  I also recevied them very quickly after I ordered them.  Amazon has always provided me with great products and quick delivery.  Always look on thier site for what you want.FireBlade
B0014DWEEC Great warm-up gear I freakin' love this jacket. I have owned two through soccer clubs I played for and was seriously saddened when I lost both of them! It is just heavy enough to not feel flimsy but not so thick that it weighs you down; prefect for layering and for wearing in 50 - 70 degree weather. I like how it's looser fitting to make for easy layering when it's colder. If you need to roll up the sleeves, the elastic holds in on your arm and depending on how big your arms are, it shouldn't constrict blood flow haha. Definitely want to buy another one!
B0014DWEEC Good fit and looks but... The jacket has two external pockets and two internal ones. The two inside pockets were not stitched in one side at all. My whole hand can pass through. I do not want to go to the hassle of a return so I will stitch it myself. Otherwise it fits perfect I am 5'9" -170#. There seems to be a lack of quality control with this jacket since I am not the only one mentioning this issue.
B0014DWEEC Pretty nice training jacket for the most part Got this about a week ago, and for the most part i am pleased. Just had its first wash, and the quality seems nice.  I got this to replace an older one I have, which i still prefer it a little better over this one because it hugs me better, and fits like a comfortable shoe. My wife was desperate for me to get a new one, and so i did as the other one is getting a little worn around the edges.The one thing you will notice is that the fit is a little looser. If you are looking for something to hug you a little tight, but not enough to make you uncomfortable, this is not the one.  It is mostly a loose fit, even for a medium. It also looks much better when you zip it up all way. The color is great, and it does feel comfortable, although you will probably feel like you have to adjust it a little bit more then you would normally like to make it work for you as you are walking.i can't give it 100 percent thumbs up. I would say its a solid 85 percent.
B0014DWEEC Jacket It was my mistake to choose the incorrect size but  the quality of the jacket  is very good for any kind of trainning
B0014DWEEC Chompa de buzo PUMA I really like the PUMA brand, excellent quality and very comfortable, I recommend 100%, the delivery time is quick, others have a very good variety.
B0014DWEEC Very nice Jacket. I very much like my new jacket. It fits great and it looks awesome. Warm and nice. Reccomended for exercise.
B0014DWEEC A little thin, but works well for purpose. I bought as a gym jacket. Something to wear to the gym and after. I often keep wallet and keys in jacket so wanted something with zippered pockets.It works well. Won't offer much warmth in the winter, but just to get to car should be fine.
B0014DWEEC Perfect! My husband has broad shoulders, and a very strong upper body. So the fit is sexy! I will say Puma is however made for TALL people. He and I both bought this jacket with the matching pants and both of us had to return the pants because of the length.
B0014GHEGC Most comfortable shoes ever! These shoes are great!! Extremely comfortable! Tons of cushioning! They do run a bit small though. I actually wear 10.5 but always have to buy 11 since not too many shoes come in 10.5 and these were still a little snug. After a few wears they stretched out fine.
B0015KGDJG very nice puma shoes,, great comfort..... Thank you amazon,,,,,, you did it again.... the best of the best on internet shopping.....
B0015R1DMQ Puma Infinite Men`s Pants I like these pants, but like the matching jacket they can create a lot of static at times.  I prefer my athletic pants to have the zip at the bottom of the pant leg for convenience and style but these work out ok.
B0019UBUD6 Great Product I'm very happy with this purchase, I was pleased with details that you cant notice in the picture. Very refined item.
B0019UBUD6 Pumas tough enough for the gym and the street Zelus exhibit the Puma style as well as any in the current line.  They provide good equilibrium in the gym and are tough on the trail.
B0019VKNSI Love Love Love this tank! I wish I could buy more of the same, I would, but it is now apparently unavailable for purchase. Sigh!
B0019ZOXRG Weelspin Puma Thank's for sending them out so quickly. But,my searchwas for little boy's wheelspin Puma and this is what I paid for,instead my Grandson rec'd girls shoes.
B001A5CQ6K Love puma boots Separate order, love these boots way too much!
B001AK2INQ Puma Socks Very comfy socks, only gave 4 stars because I feel that you should get @ least another pair for what you pay.
B001AK54M8 Great socks. The one thing about these socks is the openning stretches out after 15 or 20 washes, but other than that, they are very comfy.
B001B13GDK LOVE THESE CLEATS Very comfortable, especially if you have a wider foot, i was in-between these and the AdiQuestra Cleats by Adidas, i ended up going with these because of the fit, size runs true, i can wear a 10.5 or 11, got these in 11.....perfect. Not even fully broken in yet, but really pleased considering i only spent $20 on them :)
B001B4WUVQ pumas These shoes are very comforatable without socks! They also are slip-ons which I wasn't expecting. All in all I'm fairly pleased with these shoes!
B001B4WUVQ PUMA Women's Voltaic Running Shoes I love these tennis shoes; very comfortable.  I could stand on my feet all day if I had to.  This seller had to be the fastest delivery I've ever had. I received these tennis shoes before the expected delivery date.  I'll definately add this seller to my favorite list!!!
B001B4WUVQ Blue and Silver Pimp-mas, I mean Pumas I like these shoes.  The mesh is actually more gray then what the pictures shows.  I ended up liking them that way than if the mesh was white or lighter.  They did make my feet feel hot though, so I wear thinner socks.  Very Comfortable and look awesome.  The size was exactly what I wear, I did try a similar pair on at the mall first just to make sure.
B001B4WUVQ I love Pumas very comfortable great for every day at the gym! I went up a half size these are great and look so clean very nice and super comfy you will like them. Enjoy these pumas they are at a great price!!!
B001B50KC6 Comfortable enough for an Occupational Therapist's daily work shoes Well. It's used daily for an occupational therapist's daily routine at work. It's fashionable enough to blend in with other work shoes. It's good enough to work standing up all day long. It's constructed well.
B001B510ZW Very comfortable-but noisy. Very easy to wear.  But it squeaked whenever I walked.  I tried different surfaces and socks.  No change.  Sent them back.
B001B516CE Would have been four if Stupid footlocker got the colour right!! the white is nice but really not what I wanted. Bleh couldn't be bothered to return it especially when I live all the way in Trinidad and Tobago.
B001B516CE These are driving shoes! I have found this shoes excellent for their intended purpose. They were purchased because my feet kept getting tangled in the foot controls of my NSX in normal footwear. I have found that they are comfortable enough for the small amount of foot travel I do when pursuing this activity. When I plan a day of walking/shopping/hiking I take a different vehicle and wear approprite shoes.
B001B516CE Very Good A very good product meets all expectations when looking at the product in the store and am very satisfied generated
B001B516CE Cool Shoes The delivery was prompt and efficient. The shoes were and continue to be comfortable and have a great look. Enjoy them thoroughly.
B001B51W64 Very comfortable It is my second Puma, i love to use them because this models are very confortable ans light.
B001B51W64 The best ones i have I must say i like this ones more than any other i have, they are confortable, is not a common one, so everybody will be telling you about them and the cool they look. They have like a reflect part that shine when is dark or when you look at them from diferents positions, They are the best arsenal i have, if you buy them wont regret for anything.
B001B51W64 Shnazzy Sneakers! Great price, looked elsewhere and it was more money. Shipped very fast. The sneakers are pretty HOT looking. Bought these for my husband and he loves them. True to size even with his wide feet.Just gotta be careful wearing them in rainy weather. Will get dirty pretty fast b/c of the fabric so he doesn't wear them as often as he could b/c of the weather lately. Did get a tiny stain on the toe area and it came clean with some Shout.
B001B51W64 Really comfortable I absolutely love my new Puma's.  First off, aesthetically, they are really cool.  you can see that in the picture.  Secondly, they are extremely comfortable.  They have this special "Cell" pad right underneath where your heel goes, making it feel kind of, erm, springy and bouncy.  It makes running feel good.[...]
B001B51WGO Puma shoes! Very satisfy with the shoes. My SS loves it a lot! It was also a fast delivery and item was as described!
B001B524YI Toya's review Hi Everyone,This item i bought is great. I've been looking for this kind of Puma's for awhile in stores. I never founf them untill I went on Amazon.com. They are comfortable and are cute to wear w/ capris and shorts. Thank you Amazon.com!!!!
B001B524YI Puma Women's Repli Cat I am very happy with my purchase. Not only are they comfortable but they look good as well. I have gotten many compliments on them. At my job I have to stand many hours of the day and my feet never give me any problems definetly a great buy.
B001B52RGI gold blooded bought these for the Gold Rush Rally (car rally) this year, and now i wear them all the time!photo is true to product , these are comfortable and durable! I love them
B001B52SDK My Favorite Shoes These are my go-to sneakers. So comfortable. I can slip them on and off.They look pretty rockin' too.
B001B52SDK Retro classic; Style with comfort Been wearing this for 3 weeks now, and it only gets more and more comfortable everyday. originally i bought it for light workouts and casual wearing, but im starting to wear it everywhere i go. whether it's out for dinner, or to a meeting, or just hanging with friends. you never want to take it off.
B001B52UFG Amazing! These shoes are amazing in every way!  They look super nice, and feel wonderful on my feet.  I would highly recommend them to anyone!
B001B52UFG Nice! Amazon did a great job of packaging these sneakers. These sneakers are cheaper here than on puma.com. Thank you Amazon!
B001B52VLO Love them I love this sneakers. They are sooo comfortable. I'm always looking for pink to put on so I can wear them.
B001B52YSO Great sneaker, classy look with The Leather!!! I wear this sneaker almost everyday, it looks so good with everything i wear. The best thing about it is the price! id definitely recommend to someone who needs a classy sneaker but don't want to pay 0ver $70 for it.
B001B534PQ A great buy These sneakers look really cute and trendy and are extremely comfortable. The one small problem I have is with the little nubs at the back catching onto the bottoms of my jeans. But it's not a huge problem at all. I love the sneaker and love the color. They dress up a casual outfit when you want to wear something cuter than regular bulky running shoes.
B001B534PQ Excelent design I bought these Puma sneakers for fitness club use, but I like them so much that I use them in every day life alsoThe only problem is that they are too closed and I think they will be hot in summerBut the design is excellent and I like them  a lot
B001B55JMC cute but floppy These shoes are super cute but they were very floppy on my foot.  They fit perfectly in length but they just flopped off my foot like a flip flop. I have a medium foot width so maybe they would work better with a wider foot.
B001B55ZOE good this shoes are in long shape with a a little bit sharp front.Its a little bit like a boxing shoes. Comfortable and stylish.
B001B57ZN8 So comfy! These flats are the comfiest shoes ever from the moment you put them on! These other reviews arent kidding when they say that it feels like slippers. I have the silver with green trim ones. It's not my preferred color since I dont have much clothes that match with the green, but they were on sale from Amazon for $20 and the silver looks good.I have some issues with its absorbency of sweat though. It's probably my fault for not wearing socks sometimes, but they dont feel that comfortable after a hot day. And my big toe is kind of funny in that my toe nail points upward more than normal so it always feels a bit tight around there. This is an issue with Puma shoes in general for me though.Overall, it is a great, comfy shoe. True to size.
B001B581IQ Classic and Comfy I don't wear sneakers often, but when I do, these are my go to. I had a hard time finding them, was happy to find them here.
B001B869Y6 Great infant shoes! Lightweight pumas are the way to go with infant/toddlers just learning to crawl and walk.  They are so lightweight and look so stylish, they are perfect.
B001B8C7PQ Lasted 5 years! Purchased this about 5 years ago in and this last THAT long. I'm very rough on my accessories so that's a BIG credit to this brand. It's a perfect weekend bag. Overtime, like with most bags, the handle began to &#34;chip&#34; and the vinyl began to flake off.
B001B8C7PQ Hot! Very nice bag! I love all puma products and this one has a vintage look that makes it really hot! I can fit everything in it that I need for the gym...one day I might add another color.
B001B8G1A8 be aware I ordered this backpack because I liked the styling and figured small meant that this is not an oversized backpack like so many of them are. No. This is a miniature backpack, so if you expect to fit anything in it besides maybe a small stuffed animal, you're mistaken. This will not fit your textbooks and certainly not your laptop.  It is 14" tall and 10.5" wide.  It appears sturdy and has nice styling but other than that, is basically worthless for me.
B001B8G21Q Is a very good product, but is thin and you can not add much, but overall is very nice and comfortable Is a very good product, but is thin and you can not add much, but overall is very nice and comfortable
B001CHCC0G I love's me some Pumas! These shoes are great!The silver on them give's a little pop without being to far over the top.I've had a couple of people comment on how cool the cork effect soles are.
B001CHCQBQ Awesome shoes! They're great shoes. Comfortable, stylish, fun to wear, and everyone compliments you on how great they loo.
B001CHCQBQ Very Cool! These Puma's look as good on my feet as they did in the advertisement.  The heel rides pretty low, but stays put and is not even noticeable after a few minutes.  The size is accurate, but people with wider feet will have trouble with these.  I would definitely buy these again.
B001CHCQBQ Puma Good item , just not really made for walking all day in , unless u get padded socks
B001CHCQBQ sharp shoe i've gotten several compliments and they are very comfortable.  puma's rock!  ;)  &lt;they're big in europe as well>
B001CHCTMC love them i love puma shoes to begin with but these are awesome. they dont hug as much as puma shose usually do. great for everyday.
B001CHCTMC great puma selection loved the navy pumas , had a great selection of colors available at a good price
B001CHCTMC pumas There cute, I really like them but there not very comfortable. they give blisters on the back of my feet.And they wernt in very good shape when I got them "new"
B001CHCTMC Awesome Sneaks I bought the Puma sneakers.  They look great and feel wonderful.  I have to say that Shoemania is wonderful too -- my item got here so fast, it was like i had paid for the overnight express shipping.
B001CHEG9G Airport Convenience While it's not why the shoe was probably designed the slipper-style design is great for the airport. I travel a lot for work and these are perfect for easy on-and-off at airport security, just keep them tied and slid them on and off.They're great looking, but I don't use them for any athletic activity.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes I purchased the shoes as a gift. The recipient loves them. It's sleek looking and comfortable fitting.
B001CHEOW0 nice I got the product quickly, free and in good conditions. The design by Puma is pretty nice. I really like them.
B001CHEOW0 not suitable to move in wet the shoe bottom is so thin that water will get in when walking/running in wet situation. It is not quiet. You can hear noise when your foot rub in the shoes, not suitable for everyday use if you want to walk around office, library where quiet are required.However, it is lighter than many shoes I bought, suitable for running if you do not mind its short comings.buy a little larger size.Good luck.
B001CHEPW4 Can't get much more classic than these As an old school b-boy going through a mid-life crisis, these are the perfect item to make me look like a guy in his 40s trying to relive his youth.  These, or the old Adidas shell toes were the only shoes to rock back in the day.  Yes, they are very comfortable and they also can still be used to b-boy if so inclined.  Received this item the day after I ordered it!  Plus they give you the added advantage of being cooler than anybody else at the indy rock show.
B001CHEPW4 Very Nice! :) Comfortable and nice looking with the original Puma look. A thing about these are that the soles are a bit thinner than most shoes so you can feel anything you step over. Sometimes I can feel it when I step over a small pebble as I'm walking. The construction is nice and well made, although the suede does start to get some wear after a while, but that's to be expected unless you're very careful about your shoes.
B001CHEPW4 Rockin' kicks I picked these shoes up at Sheikh in red, and everywhere I go I get compliments, and they are so comfortable for walking in I even wear them to work. Excellent shoes.
B001CHEPW4 Puma Men Suede sneakers Everything I had ordered that week with the Puma sneakers. All came on time and packaged properly. I have no problems with my products and arriving on time.Thank You,Cindy Oliva
B001CHEPW4 Not like I remember I became a fan of the suede Pumas in the early-to-mid 90's, they were absolutely wonderful, but then I couldn't find them anywhere until now. Unfortunately these are not the same shoes I remember. The tongue is a thin piece of fabric (I remember the tongue being filled with cushion and being fat). They also just don't "feel" the same (I remember them being loose fitting).I didn't have a pair in the 80's but they seem like an 80's style to me.
B001CHEPW4 r&eacute;ception des Puma Suede Bonjour a tous.Je suis enti&egrave;rement satisfait du vendeur.Puma Suede command&eacute;es le lundi 16 mars, et reues aujourd'hui, lundi 22 mars! livraison plus que correcte.Commandez sans crainte.
B001CHER90 very good GOOD IS THE TRUTH IS A VERY GOOD PRODUCT IS EXACTLY AS EXPECTED VERY COMFORTABLE AND WELL GREAT THANKS MUCH RECOMMEND....
B001CHER90 80's Flashback and Happy Husband My husband wore these shoes in the '80s as a teeenager and was thrilled to have them again.  He says they look and feel almost exactly like they did when he was a kid, so he is happy.  I was happy to find them here, because this color combination was hard to find anywhere else.  While I may not so sure about them, my husband is proud of them.  Maybe I'll get some leg warmers and play along.
B001CHER90 What you see is what you get Not much to be said... Nice classic look. quality is fine, no smudging or fraying anywhere, I dont think they are "seconds" or anything of the sort.
B001CHER90 Old School Puma The only sneaker I wear.  New generation of the Puma Basket, but simple and sleek in comparison to many of today's sneaker.
B001CHF3SY loved it Wore these almost everyday for an entire year-they are incredibly comfortable and just great looking shoes-they are beautiful style wise and I got compliments from both men and women about these shoes. The drawback is that a few of the diamonds on the side did come off and after walking through the rain and damp weather the material got worn at the front of the shoe and become discolored. Don't regret my purchase whatsoever though because they are stylish as well as extremey comfortable!
B001CHF4GK PUMA Women's Sabadella II Sneaker,Fossil/Chocolate,8 M US When I ordered these I love them, but when I received them I had to give them away because I have a "bad step" and the sole is very thin, so when I walked my feet went from side to side... the person I gave them to loved them!
B001CHG1YY Lovely Its light..  The best sneakers for breadancing
B001CHG1YY Funky - gets the ladies to look I've had many compliments from the ladies at the office. If that alone isn't enough, the skaters at the skate park thought that I, a 38 year old balding man, was one of them. I managed a couple of sweet tricks, but had to leave early 'cause I tweaked my back. However, the walk back to my house was very comfy.
B001CHG1YY Excellent Shoe! I've worn Converse shoes for the past 8 years since I found them to be the most comfortable.  I decided to give these a try, but I was worried that they wouldn't be as comfortable.  Reading other comments, some people recommended getting them half a size bigger, while other recommended the opposite.  I decided to go with my exact size and they fit me just right.  These shoes are just as comfortable as my old Converse and look twice as good.  I'm now a Puma fan boy!
B001CHG1YY great buy i bought  this shoes for my husband.  He was ecstatic and he loves it very much.  fits great, just what he wanted.
B001CHG1YY Quick-fast! I ordered these kicks and two days later they were here! For the few of you out there who have been die hard B-Boys and B- Girls for over 2 decades, you know that some suede pumas with the phat laces are a must. During the day it's shiny suit syndrome and once the sun sets, dress fly for real! Great price, speedy delivery and nice merchandise! Propers!
B001CHG1YY Bought as a gift My husband has been looking for these shoes, and although they are a little bright for my taste, he loves them and that's all that matters.
B001CHG1YY Classic Pumas The best thing is, you know exactly what you're getting with these classic pumas. Comfortable, durable, stylish. I've been wearing these for years and years, and will continue, especially with the discounted prices on Amazon
B001CHG1YY Love 'Em, Hard to Keep 'Em Clean I like these shoes a lot, but what I didn't take into account was how noticeable dirt and water stains would be on such a light gray. It's not that big a deal though, I just bought some suede cleaner and proofer, and they are better now. I would recommend proofing them as soon as you get them and clean them reasonably soon after they get dirty, because the cleaning method with a brush sort of ruined the suede just a tad after the dirt and such had been left on for an extended period of a few days to a week.
B001CHG1YY Hubby loves it! Love it!
B001CHG1YY durable comfortable style these are great sneaks, durable and very comfy. they do fit a BIT small compared to other puma's so take that into account
B001CHG1YY smiles Good business wii like to continue to do more with you in the near future have a wonderful day God bless
B001CHG1YY Perfection!!! Amazing all around shoe's. Get compliments all the time by friends when i wear them since i have about 5 different pairs in different colors and planning to get more. Definetely recommend them to anyone, Puma is the best. :)
B001CHG1YY shoes are perfect i ordered these for my wedding for my husband and groomsmen, they are all perfect and just what we wanted.
B001CHG1YY Good Customer Service Partly my fault, but for some reason this was sent to my house instead of my office. Change was made.
B001CHG1YY comfy great shoes
B001CHG1YY Pleased by Puma My new favorite shoe. I'm going to order more pairs in different colors.
B001CHG1YY Beautiful I've bought to my son and i find it more beautiful than spected. This is a good shoe. Good brand and feel.
B001CHG1YY Old school classics Just like the Pumas I used to wear when I was younger.  Well built, comfy and good looking.  More Words
B001CHG1YY puma sneaker fits right love it fits as i want always wanted one now  i have it am going to play it as a classic
B001CHG1YY You really cant go wrong These are the best retro shoes.  Growing up I always wore Chucks and Vans but as an adult I have moved the the Puma because they keep my feet warm and are really comfortable to ware around town all the time.  The other thing is they are not too obnoxious when having food or drinks in a restaurant.
B001CHG1YY Sweet These fit perfectly and make just the right statement at the lumber yard where I work selling windows and doors to all my guys. Being the only woman on the sales floor, I make my statement where I can. These fit the bill.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes! These shoes exceeded my expectations and are very comfortable! I will definitely be ordering more pairs! I love them! Very nice!
B001CHG1YY sizing the mens 6.5 says it fits a womens 8 but Im actually an 8.5 (sometimes even 9) and the mens 6.5 fits and is actually a little roomie.
B001CHG1YY Look great & feel great I think these shoes are great. I was so excited when they came in with my entire order. They are so comfortable!
B001CHG1YY I wear a 10 1/2 men and when they arrived it was a 9 men. The wording in the label is misleading if you're looking at it quickly If I can return these and get men's 10 1/2 I will give this a 5 star review but wording was misleading.
B001CHG1YY Excellent Service The product has been delivered and as what I expected, the shoes is really very nice.. comfortable and the price is right.
B001CHG1YY AAA i had 5 pairs of this black classic suede since i was a kid up to now. this shoes are really for the 90's kids.. oh yeah
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe I had the dark blue one from many years ago. Lasted a long time and was very lightweight and comfortable. Finally decided it was time to replace it. Unfortunately this blue is much lighter/brighter, but I couldnt find the dark blue one anywhere so I settled with this one. Not sure if its because my old one was really old, but this one feels even better. The padding feels really good, kinda like a gel-like feel. But dont quote me on that. Arch support could be better but its fine. I dont have problems walking around in these for long periods of time. Im happy with it
B001CHG1YY Truly the classic in every way.  That is good and bad. This is a very interesting product.  When  these  sneakers were introduced back in the 70's they were a breakthrough in style, comfort, and technology.  My assumption (always a bad thing  to do)  was that Puma preserved  the retro styling but upgraded the technology to current standards.  Not so much.  The foot bed and support system are straight out of the 70's.  It really isn't a very great show by current standards.  In my case I upgraded the product with excellent aftermarket insoles with  better support.  I am happy with the  resulting combo but folks should be aware that  this is  exactly the same shoe  that  you could buy back in 1972 or '73.
B001CHG1YY Per Suede you to buy these shoes I've been wearing Puma suede for years. Having flat feet many of the sneakers I would like to wear are out of the question. These are comfortable and set off an outfit. Great price too!
B001CHG1YY Great for most Need a bit wider up front - material might give with use. Otherwise, comfortable and good looking sneakers. Would recommend.
B001CHG1YY Cool sneaker. I never carried footwear of this brand. I always carried Adidas Superstar 2,Campus,Stan Smith. I bought these sneakers &#34;to get acquainted&#34; with them. I liked design and a coloring. I remained is happy. They well look and are convenient.
B001CHG1YY Great set of sneakers These are a classic.  They look and feel absolutely great.  Going to order 2 or 3 more pairs.  Plenty of colors to choose from.
B001CHG1YY good price so nice , and so beautiful. all in all  , this is so nice..(nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice )
B001CHG1YY Five Stars Great
B001CHG1YY Nice shoe I sized up to a 10 (normally wear 9 or 9.5) and they fit good. Plenty of room in the toes and they don't slide in the back or anything. The suede looks good, and I would definitely buy another pair in the future.
B001CHG1YY Great comfort and cute too These were ordered for a teen but they are adorable and comfortable for anyone.  Unisex so could be used for either.
B001CHG1YY Love it! Amazing as I expected!I made purchase from Japan and the shipping was fast!
B001CHG1YY not as good as it looks on ad. Won't buy again made in CHN not Vitanam.pic on ad looks better. Price Reduced after I get the parcel! not as good as it looks on ad. Won't buy again
B001CHG1YY Perfect in all ways Been looking for this vintage style for years from the 70's i had worn this type. Looks great and feels great. If u remember the sneakers u will want to grab this sneaker
B001CHG1YY fits as expected Very nice shoes i like it. The recipient would be glad coz of this gift. I will surely buy again
B001CHG1YY this are AWESOME! If I told you that my students just stared at my feet and couldn't stop telling me how much they loved the sneakers, I wouldn't be exaggerating at all. These shoes ROCK! The only bummer is that I've only been able to wear them a few times as the danged snow and slush would ruin them. Looking forward to spring!
B001CHG1YY Love them ! So far so good !  I've never worn Puma sneakers before, but always admired the styling of them.  After reading many reviews, I took the plunge.  I've only worn them a few days, but so far they are really comfortable, fit as expected, and are very nice looking and appear to be well made.
B001CHG1YY Got these for Retail work and wow they are Eye-popping Pros:-get 2-3 compliments a day-comfy-very good qualityCons:the suede material is susceptible to stains (haven't experienced yet)
B001CHG1YY Classic b-boy shoes. As a b-boy, you can never have too many Pumas. Always reliable, comfortable, and stylish! They usually last for awhile too and stand up to the wear and tear.
B001CHG1YY Husband loves them! These are awesome shoes that I purchased for my husband and he loves them.  He wears them walking the dogs and then throws them on at night to wear to his music gigs.  Love Puma!
B001CHG1YY can't go wrong! The only difference i noticed is the tongue seemed a little longer, like the Adidas sambas. but still a great buy!
B001CHG1YY Perfect Everything came out perfectly the way I imagined it. Thank You so much and have a very nice relaxing day.
B001CHG1YY luv em!!!!!! great service quick delivery,good fit,luv themreally good and great price recomend to everybody ready to go get all the other colors available
B001CHG1YY Comfortable as Heck! Always loved Puma as a kid to play basketball in.  Saw these and thought the price was rally good. They arrived within 3 days.  At first wasn't so sure about the color scheme - comes with both black laces and white laces - ended up opting for the white and loved the look.  Took these to Florida to visit my Dad - he is a walker and I walk with him.  Walked close to 5 miles a day in these and barely knew I had anything on my feet.  Really comfortable.
B001CHG1YY Four Stars comfortable
B001CHG1YY Red sneakers My son loves red sneakers and they are often difficult to find in his size (14).  We had never ordered Puma's before but these were just what he wanted!  He has not had them long enough to see how they will hold up but he loves the look and the fit.
B001CHG1YY Merry Christmas! nice. feel and looks great. I wore them back in the late 70s. Sometimes you can`'t change the best. Good deal
B001CHG1YY cherry tomato is orange. I thought tomatoes were red not orange. I did not expect orange shoes I wanted red. Now I have to buy or an go clothesto match spending more money than iI saved.
B001CHG1YY Blue stripes? These shoes have some weird blue crap on the stripes.  I'm beginning to think they are counterfeit.  Compared them to a pair at Sport Chalet, and they do not look the same at all.  Now that I have been wearing them a couple weeks I'm sure I can't return them.This is the 3rd lame purchase Ive made through Amazon lately, and honestly, I'm tired of returns, and the B.S. involved.  I think my days here are numbered.
B001CHG1YY Classic Since I was a teenager and now I'm in the early 50's  I love the design of this shoes.Go Puma!!!!!
B001CHG1YY AMAZING I would like to start by saying that it was my best purchase to date. They fit great and were delivered on time. I've already recommend this site to my co-workers and will continue to purchase more. Keep up the good work&#128522;
B001CHG1YY Ascertaining sizing I had to study very hard to ascertain what was the best size to order as there was much conflicting info on the net. However, they fitted a treat luckily. Very pleased with them.
B001CHG1YY Comfort Comfortable good size. Work well for what I need. Fit the leg brace I wear as well flat bottom tred does not catch on carpet.
B001CHG1YY P1mp! What's should I say about these other than they're pretty fly! These come with 2 sets of laces, orange and black. Use the black!
B001CHG1YY classic kicks I did not want to look old or dorky with boat shoes, but needed casual footwear for the weekend.  Still fresh!
B001CHG1YY Great Classic Awesome shoe. Classic style and really good comfort. The sizes do run small, about 1 whole size. Normally I wear a 10-10 1/2 but these are just right at a 9. The sole is nice and comfortable for being flat. Most of all it's all about the classic suede Puma with the fat laces.
B001CHG1YY Solid shoes, looks and feels great! The color is great, however know that blues in jeans naturally rub off onto the suede.  The leather upper feels solid and the classic puma look stands out great.  You get exactly what you expect buying it, and I would recommend it to anyone interested!
B001CHG1YY RED ORDERED, PINKISH RECEIVED FIT AS EXPECTED, BUT COLORATION WAS SOMEWHAT PINKISH AS OPPOSE TO &#34;RED&#34;.KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK AS YOU HAVE DONE
B001CHG1YY Classic Suede Classic shoe for your wardrobe - goes great with jeans. Very happy to find these Puma in hard-to-find size 14.
B001CHG1YY Love the old school thing This is a great sneaker. The only thing is it you have long feet it works, If you dont its alright too.My toes are still free.
B001CHG1YY Husband LOVED them! they looked great with the fat-shoestrings.  husband wears them all the time and they look great dressed up or down!  item as described!  thanks.
B001CHG1YY Great! These shoes fit very snugly and are extremely comfortable...definitely true to size. They are noticeably well-manufactured and definitely seem sturdy for the suede material they're made of. The inside of the shoe which rests upon the back of the foot is made of a comfy rubber-type material which makes them great should your socks ride down or you decide to not wear socks.As for the style, it's a timeless classic that looks great with anything. An incredible buy especially considering the relatively cheap price and many color options.
B001CHG1YY Plum Crazy These Sneakers are awesome and take me back to my childhood when this style just came out. They are a great knock around sneak!!!!!
B001CHG1YY Shoes I like the design and they feel very comfortable. They match every casual clothes you could choose. They look good!
B001CHG1YY Puma Life My son is a sneaker head. He loves Nike, Jordan, and now Puma. They are cute and inexpensive. I will purchase additional colors.
B001CHG1YY Must get!!! Just what i was looking for! Couldn't be any more happier..comfy perfect for casual look. My hunny will deff love these.
B001CHG1YY Gets dirty very easely Nice looking pair of shoes, but gets very dirty after ONE party. Keep in mind. I'm not disappointed, but still cant give 5 stars for them.
B001CHG1YY Red Puma suede Good looking shoe. Runs a bit short though from overall length standpoint. Also pretty flat. You also ask for too many words to describe the condition.
B001CHG1YY I like them, but not completely comfortable I usually wear a 10.5, but with PUMAs I get 10's . I like them, but find them to be less comfortable to wear than my other PUMAs
B001CHG1YY only the best exactly what I wanted and in a very reasonable time! couldn't have asked for anything more. will definitely order again.
B001CHG1YY Puma shoes Perfect shoe for my boyfriend! He loves them as well. Classic and well fit. Perfect Christmas gift for him. Thanks
B001CHG1YY Perfect Fit perfectly arrived on time and were exactly what I wanted! Great look! My son loves them and wears them all the time now!
B001CHG1YY Great Product and Service Everything was just as described, and came on the day promised!  I'm very, very satisfied with the whole ordering process!!!
B001CHG1YY Nice These shoes are my style.It is what I like to wear. To get them at a good deal was nice.
B001CHG1YY Puma fan Pumas seem to be both the most durable and comfortable shoes I've gotten in years.  I was a big Vans guy, but they wore out too quickly.
B001CHG1YY Four Stars I like it, Just what i wanted
B001CHG1YY Perfectly satisfied! Love the fact that I was able to purchase most of my Christmas gifts online, and that these shoes were exactly what I was hoping for and I received them very quickly.  The size was perfect as well!
B001CHG1YY !!! Great sneaker, great price, awesome value! I am very pleased with my purchase.  It also came with fat laces! Excellent!
B001CHG1YY Good product Your get what you order. I order the size tham came so it fits propetly and i have no prolems, really want the re and i cant find them in stores
B001CHG1YY Everything is good, but they are not clean enough and there ... I just received it. Everything is good, but  they are not clean enough and there is something white on one of them.
B001CHG1YY Love this shoes Bought this shoes fory husband and fits perfect my order got misplaced and they right away fix it thank you very much
B001CHG1YY Always comfy I've destroyed a handful of pairs of these shoes.  Once with blood from being hit by a car.  Once from hopping out of a cab into an ankle deep puddle.  But they are without fail comfortable, and sleek.
B001CHG1YY Cool shoes Everything is everything. Good times. Would do it all again. You should get your own pair as well. Everything came on time
B001CHG1YY best sneakers going These Pumas are my go to sneakers. They are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Lightweight, fashionable and fun!
B001CHG1YY Fresh They came quick and they look fly.Just need more colors of Puma suede in my size to add to my collection.
B001CHG1YY Just right These are as good looking as they are comfortable. Perfect. The suede seems pretty durable too, no scuffs or marks yet.
B001CHG1YY Five Stars Comfortable! Clean look. Love my sneakers,very happy with this purchase.
B001CHG1YY perfect these are the perfect fall sneakers, grest style and comfort. I wear them every day to the gym, they are warm
B001CHG1YY Five Stars Love puma's have them in all colors
B001CHG1YY Oh Yeah.... Totally stoked..Beautiful retro....Very comfortable...Reccomend to anyone who wants to look DOPE.......:)!!Come in several flavors..Already orderd the Black Ligas.....Sweet..Bad ass...Get em....
B001CHG1YY Old Friends These shoes have been on the market for years and have established themselves as outstanding sneakers, reasonably priced, time tested, reliable, and always in style.
B001CHG1YY All good Came in a cool puma bag box thing...my son is happy with his sneakers and looks and fit him perfect
B001CHG1YY just ok It may be because I'm much older now, but I remember these being a lot more comfortable in the 80's. They are  a little tough now, will take time to break in. Looks good though.
B001CHG1YY Comfortable and cool Nice fit, finish and comfort.. The suede is good and the white trim looks neat.  Welcome bonus to receive two pairs of laces - one white, one grey.
B001CHG1YY Just like I always wanted! Fits perfectly!  It even came with 2 different pairs of laces-love the old school fat laces.  Highly recommend to anyone looking for great casual shoes
B001CHG1YY Rowr! Comfortable, sturdy and stylish. One really can't go wrong with Puma's. The colors are vibrant and the classic style will never die.
B001CHG1YY Classic sneaker with true fit Been wearing Puma for many years. Historically leaned more toward the California and GV Special shoes with a little beefier sole profile. The Classic+ sole is a little more uniform in terms of detailing and height variance. Comes with two lace options, which is always nice. I'm a little more drawn to the red laces in terms of color, but--interestingly--its a fat lace. And once I had the red threaded into place felt like it was a little too much. The blue is a more subdued, typical-sized option that still looks terrific with the shoe and makes the Puma stripe carry the flash.
B001CHG1YY Great tennis! Beautiful colour! I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He absolutely loved it! The blue colour was bright and vibrant. The fit was absolutely perfect. It looks great with skinny jeans or shorts. It was a great value compared to the price paid. I would definitely recommend this item.
B001CHG1YY PUMA Suede Classic+ Sneaker, Black/White, 15.5 M US Women's/14 M US Men's I ordered them as a gift for my hubby & they were perfect! These ones are getting harder to find. So thank you for having them!
B001CHG1YY Very Nice Good shoes so far they've been working well. They have won me a couple of good compliments which are always well received haha
B001CHG1YY PUMA SHOES They were a gift for my Grandson, they fitted perfectly and he was very pleased they were just what he wanted.
B001CHG1YY Comfy! These shoes are fairly easy to slip off and on, and they are very comfortable!  Inserts would probably make them even more so.
B001CHG1YY Four Stars Good. light and soft, confortable.I like it.
B001CHG1YY Looks great on outside, rough on inside A little rough on the inside. I got a couple of blisters to prove it from the exposed stitching inside
B001CHG1YY Love it This is a nice sneakers. It came on time and the packaging was great. The shoe fits my nephew very well.It came as a surprise for his birthday and he was just loving it.
B001CHG1YY Need more colors in my size, 8 I ordered the classic black in 8, I'm looking for more colors since a month but they never come!That's why I rate this 3 stars, it could be 5 but the lack of different colors is annoying.
B001CHG1YY the colors are amazing!!! this shoes look great!!!! i got the ones called Grisaille, blue and orange, wow they look amazing and only 30 $ is just a great price. 100% recommended.
B001CHG1YY nice i like it. it shipped on time and i'm pleased. , , , , , , , , , ,
B001CHG1YY The Classic Sneaker I've been buying suede Puma's my whole life & I still love them. Good looking shoes & a really affordable price.
B001CHG1YY I heart them both of them These shoes rock. Like slippaz baby slippaz. Ooooo yes live love live love what is with word requirement i am now done with
B001CHG1YY nice I love them. I get a lot of. Comments. On them. To bad I don't feel. As young. As I did in the 70s
B001CHG1YY Cool!!! They make me look cooler than I was. Fit good, Smell good, look good, taste good, feel good, all good.
B001CHG1YY classic shoes classic shoe in a classic colorway comfortable clean design goes well with anything the red /white ones are next on my list
B001CHG1YY They were a gift for my brother. He said ... They were a gift for my brother.  He said they were too long so I have to send them back.
B001CHG1YY very good this shoes is very good ,and I like it so much .I think if I have chance ,I will buy it again.
B001CHG1YY Love it Item as described.  Size is also conform to usual sneakers I have worn before.  Especially the outer leather is nice and inner cushion is also very comfortable.  Good for daily wear.
B001CHG1YY it is good Unexpectedly can't use Chinese, harm my game of shuttlecocks so many words, in general is very good, very comfortable, I like very much, although from the United States to China middle more troublesome, but it's worth it
B001CTKFYE As shown in the picture These Puma flip flops are extremely comfortable and there are no hidden surprises. The colors are also very vibrant. I'm really pleased with my purchase.
B001D1DURU Big and Bold Unlike many other black-band watches, this one has a very distinct look with it's rose gold-toned case and hour markers making it a tad dressier than average. Great overall color combination highlighted by the red accents on the bezel and surrounding the chrono dials. Large black dial is subtly textured with small squares and is extremely easy to read with the contrasting white hands and red/white second hand (which only works when the chrono is engaged - the actual second hand being one of the sub dials). Luminescence of the hands is about average - doesn't retain the light like a Luminox or similar, but is readable at night. The date window is very small relative to the size of the face. The nicely textured (small squares with the word "Puma" embedded four times around) rubber strap is a little stiff, but not uncomfortably so, since it is shape-molded for the average wrist.  Overall, a great looking sport-dress watch.
B001D1HBAM Great watch This thing is no doubt an eye catcher, however, the material is easy to get dirty, and hard to clean. Also a small thing about the thing is, it self advertises by scrolling across the screen when inactive. Other than that it has its uses.
B001D1HBFW reclamo well I make a purchase grabbing 6 months and I get my product to my country I want to receive any response from the store .....
B001D1J6S2 Very Disappointing I recently purchased this watch and was happy with the way it looked but have to agree with the other poster.  I can not stand to wear it because it continuously scrolls the following Puma Slogan: "Get all the attention, get the latest, dress smart, think casual."  If you're interested in the time of day you have to press a button that shows the time for 2 minutes before returning to the slogan. Can you believe a team of very sophisticated people are paid handsomely to come up with this stuff? I'm embarrassed to give it away to anyone who is not affiliated with George Orwell.
B001D1J6TQ Beautiful but the back light doesn't work At least the one I got, the backlight is not working. But it is beautiful.
B001DANNF0 Great football boot Great traction, good touch on the ball and lightweight.  All around great boot, wish puma would still make this one
B001DANNF0 Great experience I got my Puma boots earlier than expected, Joel put together the package and it arrived unscathed. Mind you they are in the U.K. so please understand that the distance is long. I've ordered products 4 times and each time my items have arrived in great shape. I highly recommend them!
B001DERS7K Great Hoodie High quality, beautiful hoodie. Zipper works great, draw strings on the hood have no issues. No complaints
B001DTWO1A Very comfortable and light, but also light on features These shoes feel great on my feet; definitely the most comfortable cleats I have ever worn.  The upper material is very thin, and the overall feel is very light and sock-like.  Despite the thin material, they have so far (about ~ 1 year of use, playing 1-2 times per week) not had any durability issues.The biggest issue with these shoes is the lack of grip when trying to put spin on the ball.  The entire upper is fairly smooth, so my crosses often lacked the curl I was hoping for.Overall I think this shoe is a good value, and is extremely comfortable.  It could just use a more grippy upper.
B001E1EJ1U Thanks for the Puma GV Special JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid),White/New Navy,4 M US... Thanks for the Puma GV Special JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid),White/New Navy,4 M US...  its a really usefull sport shoes
B001E1EJ1U My 7yr old son These puma GV specials match my son's uniform perfect. He's comfortable and you could never go wrong with Navy Blue leather sneakers for a 7yr old.. Thinking about buying him another pair...Thank you
B001E1EJ1U White sneakers Great for hip hop dancing for my daughter who is 13.light in weight but good and sturdy. good all round shoe
B001E1EJ1U Love them Love the sneaker. Very comfortable.  Pumas have always been one of my favorite shoes. Their look is unique, does not change.
B001E1EJ1U Look counterfeit.. Started cracking at first wear. Logos look suspect. Wouldn't wear them when going to an actual Puma store for fear of being called out.
B001E1EJ1U Light! Good for summer! Not heavy. Fashionable. Good for Summer.I usually wear NIKE US BIG KIDS 3.5 size. Therefore, I ordered US BIG KIDS 3.5 too. However, it is too small for me. I just sell it to my friend. However, it is really fancy. It is good for Summer. Materials are not thick so it will be cold for winter. Very light and comfortable!
B001E1EJ1U The Best TENNIS shoe for kids I believe these are the best shoe for your kid if they are off to play TENNIS! or all day at a camp. Super "in there" and Sturdy!Only thing not so good is that they can't get into them so easy because the laces are tight and thus locked in place. Unless your kid can loosen their own laces, no problem.Worth it I think for no sprained ankles.
B001E1EJ1U Great summer sneakers Timeless classic sneakers I love them they are very comfortable as well I bought them to go on vacation can't wait
B001E1EJ1U I love these sneakers! I've been wanting this sneaker for a long time but always felt they were too expensive. Got them now, love them...can't wait for winter to be over so I can wear them and not ruin them! I have worn them a couple times already though and they are comfy! Love them so much, definitely recommend them to anyone!
B001E1EJ1U sneakers hurt my son's toes my son wears size 1 and this sneakers hurts his toes so i had to take out d inner soles for him to get a proper fit
B001F7AKIE So cute! These are so cute.  They are flexible, but sturdy enough for the playground.  They look really cute with ruffle socks and a dress.  I was so glad to find them online for $30.  They arrived just 2 days after I ordered them!
B001F7ASZY Very Cute!!! I love these shoes! I tend do dress my 2 year old daughter in trendy clothing, yet I understand she also needs to be comfortable enough to play. I am always looking for cute tennis shoes for her that will match her cloths, but usually they are big bulky shoes.  These, however, are perfect! They have the tread I want her to have in tennis shoes, yet they have the ballet flat look that matches pretty much all her clothes, including shorts.  Plus, they are so easy to slip on, which is super important for moms on the go. I hope this style stays around so I can buy more as her foot grows!
B001F7AZ4S Do not buy from Amazon!!! I learned the hard way that if you return a package they can cut $20-30 from what you paid claiming "re-stocking costs" and other lame excuses.Be aware of this!
B001FA1RGU Really nice!!! Love this sneakers. They have a great look and they stay in my baby's foot. Thinking of buying bigger ones...
B001FA1RNS cute & comfy nice product but i had to return it because the sizes run smaller then usual. my daughter has fat feet.
B001FFGNX2 Puma Men's No-Show Sport Socks These were a requested Christmas present and so they were well-received.  I assumed that since they were on the recipients requested list they have been used in the past and liked very much.
B001G1HTDS Excellent Shoes Very nice looking shoes... kids look great with them. Only complaint is that Leather gets "wrinkled" after a few uses... as expected they get dirty very easily being white, but cleaning them is a breeze... some baking soda, water and a toothbrush.
B001H0EV7K Comfortable and serve their purpose in a sexy manner I have come to expect great quality from the Puma brand, and that's what I got with these flip flops. If you want something you can easily slip on and kick off, as well as enjoy comfort and style, look no further.Having said that, frankly I would rather pay less for a flip flop, but I'm paying for the brand essentially. Rest assured these aren't cheap pieces of rubber or plastic, though. There are three layers of platform material and the straps are nice. If you can afford the brand, go for it. It also may be worth noting thePuma basic sandal, which appears to potentially have even better support and comfort, is cheaper than the basic flip flop. I find that peculiar.Moving on, I brought these on vacation to Jamaica and I actually spotted someone else with the same exact pair. They were from Europe, proof that Puma is everywhere. We may have been the two most fashionable people on the beach! I'd say you can wear these flip flops just about anywhere - at the beach, at home, at work - but let me warn you that the thong post between your toes can become uncomfortable after awhile. Also, even though the outsole has somewhat of a grip, you should be careful on slippery surfaces. Other than those two caveats, these are comfortable and serve their purpose in a sexy manner.
B001H0EV7K Best comfy flip flops I love my flip flops. Even though they are for men as a woman, I always love this brand. I bought these to replace the old ones. The Seller did fabulous and I am happy when sent to me so fast and on time as promised. Great Seller and the product of great quality. They are so comfy.Thank you and I have, once again, HAPPY FEET.
B001H0EV7K Good basic flip Simple design, stiff but comfortable.  True to size.  Fabric strap nice (have had no blistering problems yet).  Sporty/casual look.  I hope Puma continues to make this style.
B001H0EV7K PUMA Basic Flip Flops These flip flops are simply the most comfortable you'll ever wear. The strap is made of a delicate material, the dont rub or irritate the skin and last for many years. I still wear my other pair from 8 years ago! Truly, these are very good and comfortable shoes. Especially during the hot Australian summer, where I live.
B001H0EV7K Always been a fan of puma These sandals are great, lasted a long time, they are also great for the beaches here in MiamiPuma always makes top notch products
B001H0EV7K Simple Elegance These are one of my all time favorite flip flops for men.  Too bad Puma does not make these anymore.  I'm glad that Amazon still sells some outdated products.  They came in a variety of colors, and I used to wear my black and yellow ones every day of summer for about 2 seasons.  They still work fine, but are getting a bit tattered looking.These are really comfortable, give no support, and are incredibly lightweight.  Also, don't plan on wearing these in the rain, as they do not grip well.
B001H0EV7K Flip Flops My son was thrilled that I found these. It isn't always easy to find larger sizes. Puma is his favorite brand and flip flops are his favorite summer shoe.
B001H0EXP0 Best  Puma's I've ever owned 3 pairs of Puma California I have owned blue, black and light blue. all of which lasted 2 full summers with some light fall and spring usage. Great shoes! I have to go up a size with these because they are a bit small compared to other pumas like my clyde's.
B001H0F0Q6 I love it and so does everybody else I bought these pumas because they were on sale. I love Puma, and I always wanted red shoes. I got these and I just love them, everybody has nice things to say about them. I took them with me to Brazil and everyone loved it there.
B001H0F2ZU Great shower shoe I purchased these while I am in Afghanistan. They are durable and excellent for the shower. I walk in rocks everyday to the shower and latrine and have not problem whatsoever with these. GREAT PRODUCT.
B001H0F2ZU Outstanding The product was recieved on time and I did not have to contact the company.
B001H0F2ZU OK, but prefer Under Armor version True to size.  Vents for water drainage work.  Only criticism is that the plastic is pretty hard, which makes them a bit slippery.  Definitely not for scrambling around in.  They come off climbing stairs.  Too hard a footbed for someone who, like me, is constantly fighting stone bruises.
B001H0F3OA Nice shoes I got these from the puma store, really liked them. Though the seams at certain points do seem to wearing away. And sometimes the brown from the suede seems to coming on to the yellow laces. However, it can be rubbed off. Besides that I think these shoes are good.
B001H0F97G Puma good product, easy find This product was just what I wanted -- Velcro straps.  Shoes with Velcro straps have gotten hard to find.  But not hard on Amazon.
B001H0F9XA looks great but not so comfortable my fiance picked these out for himself and LOVED the look. Comfort was a little disappointing. He said that there was very little arch in them and since we work on a concrete floor, his feet ache before the end of the day.  For short times, they are fine but all day, not so much.
B001H0FDIQ I love these! I love these shoes!  They are very comfortable and light-weight.  I have received numerous compliments.
B001H0FFFC PUMA Men's Cell Yalix Sneaker i gave this shoes to my love one and he really like it. thank you very much
B001H0FFQG Great looks.. Shoes looked great but was a little tight....nxt time I need to order a little bigger. Sizes a little smaller than American.
B001H0FFQG Great-looking shoes These shoes look great and feel really good as long as you aren't walking on hard surfaces for several hours in a day. They have basically no padding or support in the soles--one would assume to make the wearer feel more in contact with the accelerator in a car, as they supposedly are designed for racing vehicles.Because they have such a low profile, they indeed have a sock-like feel. So they're great for indoor wear or sensible outdoor wear. Don't be surprised if you end up with sore feet, though, if you wear them while walking around in a mall for six hours or something.As far as looks, they're some of the coolest-looking shoes on the market. Since they aren't bulky, they go especially good with shorts when you're like me and won't wear sandals.
B001H0FGMY Great! I actually bought these at the end of 2010 I believe, and I still haven't even worn them. But, I've worn this same style of Pumas before and I loved them-so I don't see why these wouldn't be amazing as well.
B001H0FGWY Perfect. All nicely done, the product is just as seen on the website and was delivered on time.
B001H0FHEG Warning, Don't wear them off-road I don't always want to walk on the pavement, which makes these shoes a bit of a nightmare.  I've had them for about a year.  While they are very comfortable (why I bought them), they easily get gravel and dirt caught in the rubber sole (it has little extensions as you can see if you blow up the photo).  The problem isn't just that dirt gets stuck, but that it gets unstuck.  I stopped wearing these except on pavement after tracking rocks, dust, and clods of dirt into more than a few different places (really embarrassing since it comes out while you walk, leaving a trail of guilt).  If you stay on the pavement or indoors, these would be great for you.  If you plan to walk around your backyard or an unpaved park in them, beware.
B001H0FHWI Sexy but they really are for RIDING! Really sexy shoes except they aren't for everyday wear unless you want to 'click clack' around. I must have not seen that they have metal on the bottom or the product specs didn't include this. Durable shifter area so you don't ruin them easily.
B001H0FM3M Ok, but not worth the money. These look like they would be super comfortable.  I had trouble with the insole moving around when walking.  Very strange.  Had to send them back.
B001H0FMQE great product Thanks so much!I recieved this product super fast and Im a soldier in Iraq...They are really comfortable
B001H0FMQE still have them and its been years! i still use these shoes to walk the beach, they are comfy, cute and still have good support for walking.. they dont have a ton of bounce for sports like running, basketball or tennis... but they are great for when you are on your feet at the mall or something as well as the long walk
B001H0FSC2 Happy Very confortable sneakers except for the first week. It hurt a little on the back, but maybe that's my feet's problem. They look very nice and I wear them to work with suit pants and they look like flat shoes, but more confortable.
B001H3104O Really nice This item is very nice.  Mi son is happy with this. He have three monts with this tennis and they looks and work good.
B001H310F8 Cool Shoes I'm wearing them now! very comfortable, a little duck-footy but in a cute way, not a whole lot of support but the insoles are surprisingly soft and comfortable. A great casual shoe that gets lots and lots of positive attention. People will stare.  People will ask you if you made them. Overall a great purchase for a good price
B001HOET00 Great shirt Bought this as a gift and my son-in-law absolutely loved it...it fit perfectly and it was a Christmas gift and it was appreciated.  I would suggest that others can give it with confidence.
B001HOET00 Price tag was in there... I said this is a gift! The product was great!  It was very cute on my friend.  But when he opened the box (I told Amazon that this is a gift and they put this T-shirt into a cute box), he found a price tag in it.  I was very disappointed because Amazon said that there won't be any price tag in it.I hope it won't happen again.
B001HX37RC Perfect!! After reading many reviews before purchasing this item, I was a bit concerned that it would be too long or too small for my everyday use. I am a busy college student, and was in need of a bag that could fit my macbook, wallet, books and various other items. The bags adjustable straps were a convenience for me, because I am short, and at first, taking the bag out of the box it looked as if it would be too short  for me even as a short person. However, I fixed the strap to be a perfect length for me. The item came in 1 day and in great condition. I will definitely be purchasing the other two colors of this item. Love it!
B001HX37RC Love Puma as always Reasonable price and fashion leather finish! One little reminder. It got no hidding slots or pockets for tiny items inside, so anything could scratch your laptop that without protection. This bag is also a bit large for a laptop in my case.
B001HX37RC Gift I ordered this as a gift for my sister and she loves it, its exactly what she wanted.  I got it for a great price and it arrived very quickly.
B001HX37RC Perfect for college! I needed a bag big enough for my laptop and books. I was tired of carrying two bags for school. This one is perfect and beautiful. I completely recommend this one. :)
B001HX37TK puma purse this bag was absolutely cuteee. loved it ,lots of room,wanted it for myself but it was a xmas gift!exactly what i expected it to be :D makes a great gift.
B001HX37VI puma bag It is beautiful. I wish I had it in the brown too. I use it for my books and it holds all of them well. It is shiny and smooth . It looks better than the picture. It is a must buy if you like big bags. Love it.
B001J2POA4 it was difficuit but it is easy to change time and to change modes I found to chane the ime or mode the touch screen has to be it was difficuit but it is easy to change time and to change modes I found to chane the time or mode the touch screen has to be activated
B001KW0GWE Disfunctional The styling of these things is squealingly cute but functionality is less than zero.  The hole for the foot is too small and since the leather is patent the tongue is really stiff and cuts into the ankle.  It doesn't bend and when my daughter tried to walk it was worse than Frankenstein's monster.  Poor thing.  I tried to move the tongue over to the side because I was desperate for them to work (I mentioned the cute-factor, right?) but it wouldn't go far enough over to not cut into her ankle.  Had to send them right back to Puma.  Waste of time.  Don't they test these things on kids before they sell them?
B001KYEH9A Puma Sneaker My son has gotten a million compliments on this adorable shoe! Fits really well, and is easy for him to get off and on with the velcro (he's 5). Really a very cool, hipster look for a little kid!
B001M4EAWW Comfortable and stylish. I purchased these for one of my sons for Christmas.  I purchased his normal size, 12, and they were a perfect fit.  He says they are extremely comfortable and they look very nice.  They came with black and white shoelaces.
B001M4G0ES love my pumas! Got my shoes very quickly.  They are comfy, lightweight, and stylish.  Just what I wanted!!
B001M4G0ES Very good experience The product was exactly as expected, it was delivered really fast, and in very good condition.
B001M4G0ES I love the look...Do need to be broken in. I love the look and feel of these sneakers.  They are very comfortable and look great with jeans.  I did have to break them in because the tongue was digging into my ankel.  It only took about two days of wearing and now they are great.  Due to the narrowness of the shoe and rounded toe, I had to purchase a half size larger than I usually get.I received numerous compliments on these shoes...I would definitely recommend.
B001NXBUHU Great skort! Nice heavyweight fabric with lots of give to it.  Looks nice and neat yet comfy enough to play hard in.
B001OOMN9W very good and nice very good and nice these shoes were a gift from my wife which she was quite glad you liked the shipping was fast and smooth
B001OOMN9W Squeaky These shoes made squeaky noises after a while. Very annoying. Seemed to get tighter on my feet...so get a half size up.
B001OOMODM puma I bought these for my 19 year old daughter for her birthday.  She loves them!  She walks alot around her college campus, and she says they are the most comfortable shoes she owns,  & they're cute too!
B001OOMU68 So cute... but bad fit for me I really wanted to like these!  They are really cute and was hoping to use them as shoes to commute to and from work but unfortunately they were just not comfortable on me.  The sides rub on my ankle bones in a weird way.
B001OOMU68 Very cute but hurts ankle These are very cute.  I got them in silver.  They don't seem very breathable so I should wear socks with them otherwise they will start to stink badly like my Merrells.  On the way to work today these shoes cut into my ankle and I had to put a bandage over it.  Perhaps I just need to break in these shoes.
B001OOMUDQ Wonderfully comfortable and stylish I love these shoes!  I've had several pairs of Pumas and they are consistently comfortable (and I don't find many shoes comfortable) and smart.  I feel I can wear them to the office with trousers or to the grocery store with jeans.  I try to be a bit careful because the suede is so light-colored, but these are worth every penny of the price to me.
B001OOMVHQ Flashy, fun and comfy I love these sneakers.  I've had someone ask me if they were vintage, they kind of look like they're from the early 90's.  They're super comfy and a great deal.  I especially love the gold!
B001OOMXTW Husband liked these for his birthday! Bought these for my husband for his birthday. He is not much of a hipster but these definitely bring out that side of him! :) He loved them. He said the soles are hard so you probably couldn't spend a ton of time walking in them if you were traveling or similar, but these are more fashion sneakers anyway. Overall they were comfortable and fit true to size.
B001OOMXTW Less than six months old. First off, I love the way they look, but they just don't stand up to normal everyday wear. Plain and simple.
B001OOMYDM durable. durable and lasting. good brand. classic shoe. wear my old ones to work and they hold up better than most others.
B001OOMZNQ Who say's fashion should be comfortable!? great style people will stare and wonder where you got them and how much you paid! The puma on the inner side of the shoes as excellent detail especially with the outer sides of the shoe have the gold and black classic puma strip.But, they are not comfortable for walking, running, or anything really!
B001OON0AS Nice flip flop This puma flip flop is a good one. I would definitely buy another if I had to. Leather is durable, and its built strong.
B001OON26U i wonder how? i will love to be able to review them, but even though i have the right picture, the right order, and the right description. they end up sending me something else, which i end up 'keeping then, thanks to the trouble that will made for me, returning something back from one country to another one.
B001OON2A6 i really really love these classics i really love these and the silver/black ones and all black ones and spy vs spy limited editions need em
B001OON2A6 Good!! I opened my box. The first thing i noticed on the outside of the box was it said 79.99$ so im thinking i got a good Deal because i paid i beleive 24$ or somethign like that! Im enjoying them sooo far!
B001OON332 These are smooth... The black w white trim and bold PUMA on the back looks ruff. You also gotta have that strap on there to just leave unstrapped to hold up ur pants and rock the shoe right.
B001OON4MW Comfortable, Light, Stylish I originally bought these shoes as a casual wear for riding.  I thought it was designed for riding, but found out that was not the case.However, the PUMA Fab Ride Ducati Sneaker is stylish, light-weight, and comfortable for everyday use.  It is definitely a great shoe to add for daily wear!
B001OON9DQ True Race Sneaker Very light foam-type construction with many holes, smooth bottom sole. Probably good for racing but not casual wear.
B001OONB66 puma men's speed cat These shoes are very comfortable and i really like the style, my only problem is that its suede and like suede its really easy to dirty and hard to clean so be careful or go with something else if thats a concern
B001OONCDS Best shoes I've had in a long time.... These things are great, easy to slip on, feel comfortable, and they look great. I get compliments on them all the time and some people even say they want to get them for themselves. I'm even considering getting a second pair I like them so much!
B001P8VMCQ Puma socks from amazon I bought these for my granddaughter and she just loves them, in fact she wears them almost every day. It will be soon time to order new ones
B001QC2DNS These cleats are the bomb! These are hands down the lightest and best-fitting cleats I have ever owned.  I use these for ultimate frisbee.  Great traction, super lightweight, and these cleats dry out really really fast when they get wet (less than an hour).  The textile upper conforms to wide feet nicely, and without a long break-in period.  The carbon fiber foot bed gives great arch support and seems to add a little extra punch to your first step (good energy transfer from foot to ground).  These are also a big improvement over the previous model--the toe is better reinforced, so I expect these to last a lot longer.  Not sure about them as soccer boots, but for slinging plastic, they are awesome.
B001QDEV1E Feels great, very durable, but just a bit long. These pants are great for the gym. They feel good and look good. The only problem is that they come a bit long (therefore the 4 stars), but it's no problem if you just plan to lift weights or lounge around.
B001QDEV1E Puma Trikot Track Pant I did get excactly what I ordered and the size fits my husband what's makes me happy too. The time to deliver was okay and I have nothing to complain.
B001QDEV1E Puma track pant The sweatpants came in great conditions and very fast shipment, although the sweatpants were a little too big for me i can work something out to fix them.
B001QDEV1E Finally, pants that fit! I'm 6'2", which may not sound extraordinarily tall, but in the world of running/workout pants, I am Gulliver.  For those of you looking for long running or workout pants, you've finally found them.  I used to work in a gym so this type of pant was a work uniform item.  I've spent more time than most looking for pants that didn't end right above my ankle, like most of them do.  It appears that Puma cuts their pants longer than most manufacturers because since I've received these pants I've ordered a different pair of Puma pants and they also are long enough to work for me.  Thanks, Puma.  My long pants prayers have finally been answered.Besides that, the overall quality feels very good.  They are a heavier pant, probably not ideal for running in summer heat, but I'd always rather have them be heavy and durable than light and flimsy.
B001QDEV1E Nice fit I am also 6'2" with 34W36L. The lenth of these was plenty with a little bit extra. Don't fill like I am wearing high waters. I am pleased that I did not have to order XL in order to get this length like the other brands require you to do. I would by these and probably other Puma track pants again.
B001QDEV1E as ordered i would order again! they fit well and they are exactly what i ordered.. well done.. a bit on the long side but not a big deal
B001QDEV1E Bougth along with the matching jacket Puma Men's Tricot Track JacketIn my opinion it is a bit large for the matching M jacket but probably it's just that I'm too short... heheBut anyway quality is Puma... nothing more to ask for (Well, still I would have liked it to be made in Germany instead of Cambodia but still is good)
B001QDEV1E Puma Tricot Pants I'm so glad that I was able to find the matching pants to a Puma jacket that I had bought last year. They shipped quickly and were in excellent condition.
B001QDEV1E greeeeat Yup, that's right. Tony the tiger likes these pants. They are about $15 cheaper than you'll find in soccer stores.
B001QDEV1E Great Track Pants I love the feel of these track pants.  They hang well and look great.I bought these to replace a pair I accidentally hit with an iron that was too hot.
B001QTDM22 Unique look and very comfortable shoe I get lots of compliments on these colorful shoes yet they still have a classic puma look and are super comfortable.
B001QXC7ZQ Love 3/4 pants I'm a huge fan of puma clothing and the style. But be aware of the sizes because they are not accurate.
B001QXC7ZQ Good Fit, good look Put simply ... it's what you wanted! A comfortable pants that's good for running or workouts but you can also wear casually as you go about your daily activities. Pockets on the side with zips to secure ... personally i wouldn't mind a back pocket or a bottom leg pocket as well but hey, that's me! Got the white netted-mesh thing on the inside which I dislike but otherwise ... good stuff.
B001QXDVQU My teenager likes it Got this for my 15yr old to go with his puma shoes he is still enjoying it.
B001QXDVRE green giant Puma is a great product.  But their pants were made for giants.  They seem to be much longer than the other athletic brands in the same size (3 or 4 inches).  Great if you're a tall person.  Not so much if you're not.
B001RJKCRE Purchased as xmas gift I bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend. She was very happy with it, and she wears it all the time. The color is brighter than the picture, a real eye catcher. And the jacket seems to be of a high quality. Thanks, I was very pleased with my purchase.
B001RJM3S0 cute hoodie.......... This hoodie has a great colour, is very soft and fits true to size. Will keep you warm and look cute even with a pair of jeans. It is a nice fit top the body and not baggy. Puma always makes good quality clothes and thank you to Amazon for carrying hard to find and unique items.
B001RJNNSO Good fit & comfortable I was a little bit skeptical at first because I'm pretty short and was afraid that these would be too long.If you are looking for a decent pair of shorts to work out or jog in, I highly recommend these. There is a small zipper pocket in the back that fits the keys to my gym locker, and that's coming in really handy.The overall quality of these shorts are also excellent.
B001RML5IG Okay, but not the best design Bought the cleats new in box. I was disappointed in the inking of the brand on the bottom of the insole. The first day I wore them, the red ink smeared and came off onto the bottom of my socks. In addition, the design was not the best for PUMA. The stitching on the side is right around the part where your feet bend to run, so the stitching is very likely to come apart there due to everyday wear and tear versus cleats that do not have that weave in that spot. The cleats also need more support for our instep. There doesn't seem to be much cushioning for your feet, so you would have to buy additional soles to put inside them.Overall, for its price range, you can definitely get better. I like PUMAs in general, but these cleats, besides looking spiffy, will not last very long.
B001THMHVI Love it. My fiance has two pairs of these pants and wears them constantly.  They are the perfect length for him (he's 6') and they are very comfortable.
B001THMHVI Good quality great house pant. These are great for around the house, to wear over shorts if going to the gym or basket ball court.  I wouldn't run in them or work out in them, they are kinda heavy and warm, but also comfortable and seem tobe pretty durable so far.  I found them Amazon for a great price (under $30), but not sure I would buy these if they were priced over $35.
B001TS53BI love for looks, not for comfort i got so many compliments on these everytime i wore them. BUT the sole wears out in them quick. once the sole wears out, they start giving blisters.
B001UQ6W8M Wonderful shorts These shorts are well made and fit my grandson perfectly.  He loves to play basketball, they stay up and stay looking good!
B001V1NA7W We are happy to have this socks!!!! I bought it for my 4 years girl,it is real cotton,good made and true to size.She likes it!I would recommend it to everyone!High quality!
B001V1NA7W Very well made These seem more solid that most kids socks. They dont have any grippers on them. They look good and are a bit overpriced for kids socks imo. But gernerally, I find kids stuff to be too expensive.
B001VH6RPS Great Shoe Got a pair of these on sale, needed a new pair of shoes to walk around in the rain. They look great, sort of a cross between Converse-retro and Puma chic. The uppers are definitely waterproof, although water can run down over the tongue and into your socks, but its negligible. The amount of white on this particular color scheme means you need to watch where you're walking, especially since the straps and side-stripe are fabric and pick up grime very easily. Still, I've had them for a several weeks now and they're fine. The grip is somewhat less than you'd expect - very little in the dry, better in the wet, despite the flat sole. On that note, whilst I find them very comfortable, the thinness and flatness of the insole can get a little tiresome after a while; inserts recommended for anyone with sensitive feet.Overall a great buy. Looks cool, comfortable around town, easy straps, a nice little shoe.-B.R.
B001VH6SZ2 Excellent shoe I wore the original PUMA Baskets when I was in school and these are an excellent upgraded version. Very comfortable and arch support is still good as are all shoes by PUMA. The only thing missing in this new version is the PUMA stripe is smooth leather instead of suede like the original.
B001VH6SZ2 Highly recommended I am very impressed with the price I paid for this item. I bought it for my brother and he thinks its lovely. He gets alot of complement when wearing them. For him, it is very comfy!!
B001VH6U6Y comfortable Very confortable and breathable material like canvas or cotton and the desighn on them hides the dirt because there white.
B001VH6VWC Good, but not waterproof I probably should have realized, due to the price that these shoes aren't waterproof, in the summer and spring they are fine to wear, but during winter I only wear them indoors, they are good shoes, as advertised, again the only negative is that they aren't waterproof and get dirty quickly.
B001VH6X20 Get these shows I tell you, get them. I got these shoes for my 14 year old son last year and they still r good. He got a pair of Nike Lunarglides, and they have messed up a little but these shoes, though are a bit messed up still are in good condition. I would not suggest wearing these with white socks or noshow socks, but with Nike Black Lowcut socks.
B001VH7004 Very Good !!! Very good!The jogging mainly buy and use permanently, are durable, comfortable, cool, have not suffered any wear in particular.Relationship with the product excellent priceI recommend them 100%
B001VH70GS Four months of walking and they're still going! I usually buy PUMA shoes because they are very comfortable, stylish, and I enjoy the variety of shoes. I purchased these because I generally walk about 2 or 3 miles at work a day and I need to wear something comfortable.
B001VH70GS lite review Material man made. But product is as claimed, light good cushioning. Used for cross training(plyometrics, short sprints, jumping rope) very comfortable. Size runs true
B001VH71XK Stellar Performer - and sharp! I've owned these shoes for almost a year now and I'm impressed. Truth be told, when I purchased them on-line I mistakenly thought they were white - they're silver. But they look sharp. More importantly, they wear very well and fit my feet nicely. My usual routine is 4-6 miles 2x/week of power walking with an aerobic (elliptical, weights) workout in between. They must have 400 miles on them already and look/feel as good as new. There's no tongue, it's an integrated one piece set-up, but literally goes on like a slipper. Good cushioning and good rebound during my 14 minute miles...I highly recommend them.
B001VH736K nice pumas! I bought these pumas as an alternative to the NIKE air max 360's. they are very comfortable, but try not to use thick socks with them cause the are a bit narrow. they are great for plyometic workouts since i use them for insanity.
B001VH736K PUMA Happy with these, Puma's are great and would purchase these again! Light sleek and I even play basketball with these, although I dont recommend this as you can roll your ankle easily, but these are my favorite running shoes.
B001VH7OL4 great shoe At 1st they felt a little strange but after a few minutes I loved them, very comfy. I wear them to work.
B001VH7P54 Excellent product This item to buy it for a friend, which I am very pleased to see it, loved it.
B001VH7Q5S Efective jogging This really was a nice pick, i use them for jogging and they are very comfortable and nice to run. They can get nice even with jeans for Saturday evening.
B001VH7Q5S retro casual wear a well constructed sneaker for casual wear or the gym.  seams appear solid and mid-sole and sole are of durable materials.  not the most comfortable for mile after mile running.  11.5 was small for my feet based on a similar puma product.
B001VH7UQS fun boots These boots are lots of fun. The red is bright. They are pretty comfortable. I've used them for hiking and for just following the kids around. They work better for easy going activities as the sole is a bit slick for wet hiking trails. They fit more like a rubber boot than a tennis shoe. My heel slides a bit. So far they have been warm enough but I've not had the chance to take them to the snow yet.
B001VH7ZL8 Puma Men's Esito TI Very comfortable, It's a litter big than my others Pumas with the same numbers.. But really nice. Recommended.!!
B001VH7ZL8 Coming up SHORT GREAT design! CHEAP-ly made! (not the seller's fault) RUNS SMALL!!! I purchase a lot of things here on Amazon. Read all the reviews, and normally quite content. Even thou they are cheaply made, I love Puma's. If these sneakers would have fit comfortably, you would have never read this! Good Luck, & buy it bigger. ;0)
B001VH80JE ok...picture is a bit misleading Good quality kicks, however the picture is a little misleading. I was hoping they would be as glossy as the picture, however they are a little on the matte side. Get compliments all the time though.
B001VH81PM Beautiful but... lovely but u definitely need to rock this with thin ankle socks..thick socks makes it too tight and barefoot, well the material rubs against the foot in an uncomfy way...bought it in brown.. love the print but i'd recommend ordering half size up
B001VH82M4 puma the best i really like this sneakers very stylish and comfortable , not recommendable to walk on the snow they get cold so fast.i know the werent made for that so it was just a thought i love them ,right size right fit good sneakers over all a bit pricey but i got them on the cyber monday $20 off i know good dealthat is all i can think of right nowjust get them if you like them
B001VH86U2 Stylin' Comfortable Kicks I was looking for a pair of comfortable, stylish kicks I could wear to the office everyday with jeans or perhaps even with shorts now and then.  I came across the PUMA Men's Jago V and was immediately drawn to it's sleek design, hidden lacing and color (I chose the silver/white/denim).  After wearing them for a few hours I knew I made the right decision -- not only did they feel oh so comfortable after a day at the office, but they also looked great with a pair of distressed boot-cut jeans.If you end up going with the silver let me warn you now -- since there is such a large area of silver, and its synthetic, be prepared for some creasing.  However this doesn't bother me too much because let's face it -- new shoes are only new for about an hour until you get them into the "real world".  The comfort and fit more than make up this.  In the past I've found PUMA has run a bit narrow for my size 13 feet, but with these they fit like a glove and I have plenty of room to let me feet get comfortable.Highly recommend these; they would be great on the town, at work or even for a quick game of pick me up.
B001VH8BCU Everyone loves my shoes! I love these shoes. I bought them, because I have weak ankles from arthritis, and thought it would save me from wrapping them.  Not only does it work, everyone comments on how cute my shoes are, so they are tons of fun & I got a great deal on them.
B001VH8FIA Puma's Rock! These shoes are amazing.  Puma's are just awesome.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Good sporty look.
B001VH8GRA So cute!! I have gotten so many compliments!  Very cute and comfortable.  I think they were a great deal too!
B001VKXFTG Sweet Kicks So to make a long story short, these shoes are perfect. I was a little hesitant to order them because I had never tried them on before and I wasn't completely sure how they would look on. But the price coerced me into buying them and I was not disappointed. I have gotten so many compliments on my new shoes and I find myself wearing them quite often because they're comfortable and they help to give almost any outfit that sporty twist.
B001VKXHP8 like slippers These sneakers are great.  I've got three pairs in all different colors.  Super comfortable and supportive for lots of activity.  Even though they are not my primary running sneaker they are a great substitute when I use them.  Very stylish and I always get lots of compliments.  Have always been a big fan of Puma!!
B001VKXHP8 I'm in LOVE I absolutely love these shoes!  I have major foot problems from working in a pharmacy years ago & I can actually run & workout on a concrete floor without pain afterwards!  They are comfy & stylish!
B001VKXHP8 puma the shoes are great and paid much less for them than at the mall.  Would definetly use this place again.
B001VKXJ6U My Aunty loves them My aunty loves them, she said that they comfortable and that they where the best price she found, and they are exactly as the picture.
B001VKXJ6U comfy and look good, not durable These babes fit true to size, have good traction, and comfortable like sneakers.Problems: the laces get untangled all the time, the boots soak up water and salt, they are not durable - I wore them one season only and the lining is already torn inside and they are covered in salt marks that are difficult to get off suede.
B001VKXO10 Puma Speed Cat 2.9 Krazy Sneaker The Shoes are very nice, and well done, No troubles about that.!!My only problem is that they have a gray line over the Black "Charol" (I don't know if that the name in English) and you can appreciate in Amazon's pics but very subtle.. the things is that they are not so Subtle line, is almost Gray with black.!!
B001VKXO10 Excelent Sneakers!! This model is really fashioned, good combinations of colors, good material and of course reasonable price!!!.
B001VKXX20 Nice shoes! bought this for my husband.  It looks great with jeans and shorts!  He loves the comfort and look!
B001VKXX20 Puma Voltaic II These shoes are simply fantastic. Light, comfortable and supportive I use them for everything from working out to running downstairs to get my laundry. Highly suggest them.
B001VKXX20 Gets worse and worse with time They're a pretty good looking shoe, however they look awkward on my wide feet. The one piece tongue really has to stretch wide and ruins the proportions of the shoe. I've had the shoes now a little under a year and they look like a mess. The mesh on the toe is impossible to keep clean. Even worse is the plastic on the toe. Once it's scuffed, it won't come off. I've used everything from mild dish soaps to abrasive chemical cleaners; nothing works. For those of us that like to slide on our shoes (come on you know you do!) they heel will quickly be destroyed. They were kind of comfortable at first. Now after two hours my feet get sore. After a 10+ hour day on my feet, my feet were sore 2 hours in and even the next morning. I wore my equally as old Timberland boots the following day and had no pain. These things are headed for the trash as soon as I find a good deal.
B001VKXX20 Black Pump Cross-Trainer Great shoe for my run to the gym (1.5m) and back (1.5m). It runs well; light, supportive, and holds up well when I am squating with heavy weights.  Overall great cross-trainer that goes both ways.  I especially like the sock liner. It hugs your feet and prevents any annoying rubbing.  And of course, it is a great looking shoe.
B001VKXX20 beautiful are pretty comfortable and the only thing is it came in a box a bit heavy The article said he weighed 2lb which is not really so weighs 4lb and says the final weight would be good to accommodate it or send it in a lighter box.
B001VKXX20 Comfortable they are definitely comfortable stylish they even make you a bit taller. but if your one to not take care of your shoes properly when your out and about [like me] they will dirty very easily. they have this soft plastic at the toe that looks very nice but if it scrapes, the dam scratch is pretty much permanent. even an accidental scratch against a curb or a wall or anything is irreversable.
B001VKXX20 HEE-HEE These shoes are awesome HOOOO ya chicka HOOOO. I love them. Ya they rule thought seriously they look pretty good but make sure that you get them in a big size
B001VKXX20 Puma Men's Voltaic II Sneaker I ordered these shoes for my son. He loves them. It was quick and easy to order the shoes and in a few days they arrived.
B001YG5LZ8 circasurvive1356 I really like these shoes. They are very comforable and I like the style. I like everything about them. I guess the only complaint I would have is, the shoe doesn't hold up well if you get caught in the rain. They look a little beat with the weather. I would think that the name PUMA would mean they should be good enough quality to hold up for some time!
B0023B26JW Ultimate Rock Star Boot Every time my DD wears these, every single person comments on how much they love them.  And she loves them too!  They are the perfect boot for the little rocker in your life!
B0023NUR96 Stylish and well made Love these shoes and so does everyone that sees my little toddler wearing them. Would certainly recomend them.
B0023NV8D0 My son loves these.. My son is 12 and got these a few months back. He uses them all the time and his friends loved the pair. Definitely good on styling and comfort. Doesn't have support but that's not what PUMAs are for.
B0023NV9Q6 love it look soo cute on my son. Light and flexible enough for him to walk and run comfortably. Puma design is the main choice of our purchase
B0023NVB64 Very good product, it takes me a long time Very good product, it takes me a long time. I recommend this product one hundred percent ... Many thanks for sale ...
B0023NVHWW Excellent shoes Excellent athletic shoes, my son loves it very much.Good seller - Delivery in time.
B00260HM8U Excellent! I bought this item for my son and well, what can I say? He has put it on test every time he uses it and the "shirt" is in good shape. For him is very comfortable and excellent to play outside on hot days or just to use it at home. You won't feel regret if you buy this one!
B0028Y4QHO Puma Women's Agile Pant These are really well made, but they run small at the top of legs. I have real thin legs and they are tight. They are not as loose at top as pictured.
B0028Y4SJ0 Comfy I ordered these cause I love Puma products and I thought they would be cute shorts to wear around the house or work out in. They are super comfy and breezy and at a great price.
B0029NYAHK Love my backpack! Not only is it cute - it alsotakes the strain of my heavy college books off my back!
B0029NYAHK Cute, good price, comfy, and it's a puma. At first glance I thought it looked a little smaller than I would hope it to be. BUT the bag is very roomy and looks good on my back. I love how it's girly looking, yet looks mature enough to wear to college. The front pocket is very roomy. I put bagels, a water bottle, my wallet, and it doesn't even look full. The zipper is very strong and feels as if it's impossible for it break. Some zippers are very sensitive and fragile, and opens up by itself with the slightest move, but this backpack wont. It takes more effort to pull the zipper, because it's sturdy. I would rate this backpack 5 stars, but i give it a 4 because i wish it came with a laptop slot. Everyone brings laptops to school now days so having a laptop slot with some padding would be handy.  I also wish there were smaller pockets inside he front pocket instead of just one big giant empty compartment. Other than that, i love it. I plan on keeping it for a long time.
B0029NYAJI Cute! I love this purse. The purple is different, but nice. The inside is bright pink, which creates an awesome contrast with the purple. I don't think they provide the size, but it is roughly 15" long, maybe 7" high, and about 3" deep. I don't have the purse with me, so I'm going with my best estimate on the size. The snap on the front is a mirror (nice, not cheap), and there is one inside zipper pocket, not huge but not tiny. One large compartment in the front, along with the main (much larger) compartment. Not the best purse for trying to stay organized, but good for a few items like makeup, etc., maybe good to take just for shopping or running errands, mainly because it's not that deep. You definitely have to dig to reach items, and a wallet would probably take up the entire purse. When I use it, I put my credit cards and money in the zipper pocket. Strap is adjustable. The zipper knob is huge, and looks like a soccer/volleyball with a puma on it. It's a nice, unique touch. :) I would definitely recommend this purse!
B0029NYAKM If wasn't that big... If wasn't that big, would be much easier to use it everyday, but that's ok it is good for short trips...
B0029NYYJ4 Love it I love this purse.  This is my 3rd of it's kind in various sizes/colors.  The paint is chipping already, which is the only reason this item got 4 stars instead of 5.
B0029NZ7YA Great Everything was shipped on time and in great condition. Smooth transaction and great customer service.
B0029NZ808 just what I expected I ordered this as a Christmas gift thinkingthat it would be a great bag to take tothe gym. This is exactly what the recipientsaid when she opened the present.
B0029NZ8BC Great style for everyday purse; doesn't keep shape though. That's the only problem I've had. It doesn't quite hold its shape and can become more of a rag bag when not completely full. Otherwise, I love Puma satchel handbags.
B0029NZ8GM Great!! I love it!!! I am trying to find it again. It might be a little big for some people but I love it...
B0029NZ8LM Quality product I bought this for my wife for her b-day after seeing it at the Puma store in San Francisco. This is a very cool, well made bag with wonderful soft leather.My only fear is this over time the "distressed" print on the side will rub off, but only time will tell.
B002ACPKE2 Positive Bought them for my daughter for indoot track... running in school halls - hard floor.  she loves them and (knock on wood) has been fine on her knees!
B002AKKCII cute as a button!! These shoes are cute and super light! Great for running around town and add a little pizzaz to my workout clothes. However, as I am in the fitness industry, I would not wear these shoes to workout in- I prefer something with a little more support through the arch. As I said though, super cute and help to finish off my workout outfits. :)
B002C4JVMA Love my Browns Puma!! Are my fav sports shoes!!totally recomended!!Puma always make a differences!!love it the brown and turqueisse mix!The size is perfect too.
B002C4K3GS Be careful on glossy tiles in pool with this shoe I purchased this item for my water aerobics class and based on other reviews I thought it would be OK for what I am doing.  The shoe itself is comfortable with the exception of the little pouch on by the laces where you adjustment tab (button) is stored and that at times digs into my foot.  Also, when I step on the glossy tiles that are in the pool I do slip so I am forever being weary of where I step.  Good thing it's in the water as you don't really fall!
B002C4K8UO Cool sneakers They are beautiful and comfortable, the size I bought is just perfect, I have received lots of compliments when wearing them!
B002C4K9LC :-) I love this Puma so much that there is nothing i need to say it's stylish,comfortable and a great price what more can you ask for..............
B002C4KAJ8 excellent seller excellent seller .... all purchases were smooth ... thanks a lot ...Merry Christmas and Happy 2010 ...
B002C4KANY Super Cute, only 1 complaint These shoes are super cute and can be worn with so many things. My only complaint is that upon first wearing them the back really rubbed the back of my foot and caused a blister. I would assume you don't need to wear socks with these since they are a ballet flat - so I am hoping that this dissipates as they get 'broken in'.
B002C4KC8W Excellent This product I qualify as an excellent article because it offers unparalleled quality, besides being a visibly appealing and comfortable shoes.
B002C4KFXO hip, sporty and sexy looking perfect guy shoes these are very versatile, great feeling and long lasting shoes well made and they look amazing and are totally hip.......ive seen them at the foot locker and all of the sellers reccomend these shoes.......get em here because they are otherwise 80 to 100 at the mall or other stores
B002C74BX6 Perfect Tee Puma Forever!!!!!!! Perfect Tee fot my 3 years old son. Look is fantastic!!! Very comfortable and what is important PURE COTTON!don`t change the shape after washing!
B002C74CWQ Nice pants My son really likes these pants.  The only complaint he has is - they can be a pain trying to snap them back on.
B002CTBU9C Purchase Feed back These shoes were exactly what I was needing.  They came well ahead of the time expeceted allowing me to use them when I needed.
B002CVU5IW Irregular Product was irregular, &#34;out-let&#34; item. Do no buy. Package I got was ripped open in top corner and taped shut. Item inside had black markings and both shirts were irregular-sides did not match. SOOOO upset with AMAZON.
B002CVUMJ4 wrong style I receive ankle high socks, not these pictured. But the quality is good and thick, but they pill. My son has these socks in black, (the low ones I ordered) and they are great!
B002CVUMJ4 good socks Socks were a little thicker than I would have thought.However, they were nice socks.
B002CVV9UU Fresh, Fly, and Functional... These are a shoe collector's dream come true.  You will never see anyone wearing these anywhere!  That is a good thing for you collectors.  They grip really well in all offroad situations.  They are very warm and offer plenty of space for all foot types(I can say this because I am slightly flat footed and I have space).  They have a very rugged look with a type of futuristic flow to them.  They are hitech and VERY comfortable!  Did I mention that know one will have these!  They are rare!
B002D7BUHK better than the original hands down the kangaroo leather makes this shoe extremely light and durable better than the orignal with the microfiber on them..easy to break in
B002ECFBUQ Not bad Its an OK purchase - not as great as I had expected it to be.
B002ECFSEK Excellent Shoes When i walk into a party, I'm not just aware of how comfortable they are, but how flashy they look. Everyone loves the silver color of these pumas. Also, they are good to go clubbing with. They will let you in with this kind of puma.
B002ECFSEK I love it GOOD PRODUCT
B002ECFTNA Great looking shoes! I bought these for my boyfriend.  He had tried the same style on at the mall, and I saved about $35 by ordering here.  They fit him great.  Only complaint is that the material is hard to clean- he got them muddy and it soaked into the netting type material and is difficult to get out.
B002ECFUCU Nice looking shoes, a little snug. These are great shoes: very comfortable, easy to keep clean, and they look pretty sweet. My only complaint is that when they first came they were a little bit smaller than the normal 10.5. It's not enough that I can't wear them, and they have stretched out to a comfortable level by now, but I still could have gotten away with an 11, which is abnormal for me to wear.
B002ECFUKW bad asssssssssssss lol these shoes are soooooo comphy and light. they feel amazing !!! and great to run in .
B002ECFV3S Wonderful sneakers Very confortable, I boght this for my 22 years old brother and he was so fascinating when he saw them. He's still in shock about this sneakers because he liked them a lot.
B002EENB1U Drive a lot? If so, these things are great! The rolled heel on the back of these shoes make them a great choice if you spend a lot of time behind the wheel like I do. It makes for comfortable pedal work and smooth clutching if you drive a stick. And they look even better in person than they do on the site. It's hard for pictures to do them justice.
B002EENBOW Great trainers These are lovely and comfortable. The colours are really nice and they look good with jeans because of the slim sole.
B002EENBOW Bought these for my boyfriend - He loves them.. i bought these for my guy's birthday this year and he loves them.  he originally had some speeders like this but a different color and needless to say..they were pretty worn out.speeders are comfy and they look nice.  he loves them and so do i.i def recommend these. :]
B002EENEDK LOVE those sneakers! 10 things that I like about this product:1) Very comfortable (PUMA runs for me 1 size smaller, I usually wear 7.5, but this I got 8.5)2) Nicely packed, secure.3) Very nice PUMA box, all the receipts.4) Leather is very nice ( I'll take good care of them )5) I love the way they look, my people gave me a lot of compliments on them.6) They are very light, but have a good grip on the road.7) Laces are very strong, very good quality material.8) Very comfortable on the inside, my feet never gets hot or cold, I just forget I have sneakers on.9) They look very nice fit everything, I totally recommend them to anyone.10) Great price!!!
B002EENI40 Good deal Everything was perfect.  Got here on time and new and fit great. No problems at all at any time ok
B002EENI40 Comfy sneakers Exactly what I was looking for! Very comfy and stylish! Not out of place with shorts in an informal setting as well as with slacks in a more formal atmosphere.
B002EENI40 Awesome These things are awesome! They even coaxed a &#34;cool!&#34; out of my normally pretty apathetic daughter--what more evidence do we need?
B002EENI40 good shoes love these shoes easy to put on, even when im on the go, awesome to us for everyday or when u go out to hit the parties
B002EENI40 PUMA Men's EL Rey Cross Perf Leather Slip-On Sneaker,Black/Dark Gull. This shoe is awesome and very lightweight. That makes me feel like I'm not wearing anything. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B002EENI40 My feet are throbbing after wearing these. Extremely painful to wear, I actually bought mine from Puma directly. I wore them one time Im donating them to the clothing drive. They are really flat and are not good if you have arched feet, I couldnt wait to get home and take them off. If you have flat feet maybe they will be OK for you, but Im done with these.
B002EENI40 i am happy for knowing you The productos i have bought feel my needs and i thing almost all are of good materiales and  well done
B002EENI40 Nice pumas and not very expensive I had not bought pumas for a while but these are very nice! I would buy them again! I have had them for a few months now and they are holding up very well!
B002EENI40 excellent Great shoes. They look really good and I have received lots of compliments about them. The material is great, I got these instead of the suede for durability and they are easy to keep clean.
B002EENI40 Complements well Looks great on black pants, and the gray complements other colors nicely. My only qualm is with the the top of the shoe. There is a slight gap that your sock can be seen through. Enjoying the purchase so far, and have gotten compliments on them a fair share
B002EENI40 Very comfy sneaker's for the price. Was looking to buy a Gucci sneaker just like this, but they(Gucci) didn't do them in a size 14 US. This option was quite good and did the job.
B002EENI40 Sweet style, and comfortable! These are very comfortable!  I had a fabric one, but it got dirty too easy.  This one is easy to keep clean.
B002EENI40 EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED THESE R THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES IVE GOTTEN FROM PUMA YET!!!!!! I OWN 6 PAIRS OF PUMAS ALREADY, WITH TWO MORE ON THE WAY. I AM 100% DISABLED VET AND WITH BROKEN BACK,  BENDING OVER TO PUT ON SHOES IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE!! SO PUMA IS MY GO TO BRAND BECAUSE THEY HAVE MORE SLIP ON SHOES THAN ANYONE ELSE! & I PRAY THE DONT DO LIKE NIKE & STOP MAKING THEM.  1LOVE
B002EENI40 Five Stars Really good
B002EENI40 Great Shoes I was somewhat skeptical about buying shoes from the Internet. But I thought that I would take a chance. I am glad that I did. These are the best shoes that I have ever owned. It feels like I am wearing socks all day long. I usually try to be brand loyal. I usually buy Nike but not always. I hope that PUMA continues to make this model of shoe forever. I will be a lifetime customer!
B002EENI40 Five Stars thanks.. the product was great
B002EENI40 I got it last Monday  thank you. I won't show my young son this. Hide it in bedroom because it is Christmas. Thank you good job again.
B002EENI40 Great shoe Bought as a gift for my son and he really loved them.  Puma is really making some neat shoes.  He is 27 and I believe he owns 3 pairs of these now in different colors or styles.
B002EENI40 Old School Flair Back in the day, Puma was big.  I see they are making a come back.  I am a mature guy, but needed a pair of leather sneakers to wear with me jeans.  I liked the look online, but after I got them (in the time that was advertised) I knew I made the right choice.  Definitely a shoe for the Mature Uban male. I have gotten a lot of compliments for the look. And, they feel like slippers.
B002EENI40 Best CONVENIENT CASUAL SNEAKER AROUND!!!! Such an awesome sneaker! Got rid of my Nike dunks as this makes a much more simplistic fashionable sneaker. I can wear these on my casual days at work with my khakis or with denim jeans when I'm out and about or at the club! Alsoooo soooo convenient as I can just slip my feet in and head out the door, rather than always have to tie my laces! Wish I can find these in all white! :D
B002EENI40 Great Buy Absolutely thrilled with this buy. This is my 8th pair of pumas and they are amazing. Showed up on time and in perfect condition. The fit is perfect. Very very satisfied with this.
B002EENI40 Wear with socks! They are cool looking.  I would advise wearing socks a least to break them in because it can rub the back of your heel raw.  Over than that, they are great.
B002EENI40 Right on time ! All I have to say is that you guys deals are better than christmas. Keep up the good work & I'll stay put.
B002EENI40 Smaller than normal number Smaller than I thought. I have to buy another pair with bigger number since it is comfort. Donot want go thru the headache of return it.
B002EENI40 confortable Its a nice sneaker and very confortable, but i give it 3 stars because it open and you can see my skin or my socks, wich make this mor informal.
B002EENI40 Ok Tout est ok, mais le temps de livraison &eacute;tait trop long et le pris trop cher livraison comprise, voili voilou
B002EENIYA Ouch!! Awesome looking shoes! However, the top of the heel is curved in causing some significant discomfort! I returned this item after just 4 hours of wearing them around the house. They rubbed blisters into my Achilles Tendons.
B002EL31HM Very Cute Very Cute and confortable shoes, my daughter loves them, true to size. They are just like they look!
B002EL39XS Excellent!! Very cute shoes for little baby girls, they are very easy to put them on their little feet and they don't slip easily from their feet.
B002EL3B7W Super cute I think this shoes are super cute, and the straps make it easier to put on.
B002EL3G3Q Stylish, comfortable, and easy to get on! Great classic sneaker that has plenty of style.  I think they run a little big, maybe by about a half size.  These work well for getting out of the house quick, without worrying about tying laces!
B002EL3IYS LOVE PUMA's My son has skinny feet fits perfectly - great for climbing - and being a boy.Velcro makes my life easy. I buy them in every size. The look cool!
B002EL3KQE Nice! Very nice sneakers ! My son loves them and this is a second pare i got for him. Very soft and comfy ! and the flashing puma !!!!
B002EL3KQE Vety Cute These are really cute. When the puma lights up you can see its bones. My 7 year old really liked them.
B002EL3KQE For my grandson I absolutely love these, and so does my grandson. The only issue is how easily they get dirty, and how hard the "suede" is to clean. But they seem very comfortable for him and he loves how they light up.
B002EL3KQE Excellent product Excellent product, it is original baby shoesAnd also good price.Like this.I suggest you. You can buy this with out problem.
B002EL3KQE light up pumas My daughter absolutely loves these shoes. The light up Puma looks like a skeleton which makes it even cooler. And the fit was perfect!
B002EL3KQE Son loves these My son got these for Christmas from Santa and he loves them.  The skeleton inside the puma lights up, which he loves.  I did have to exchange them for a size up, but that could be just because he's growing really fast.  The white has scuffed already, but they didn't have the grey that I wanted.  Pooh.  Oh well, they're super cute.
B002EL3KQE Best light up shoes out there! I have never been a fan of shoes that light up, but these I could not resist for my 4.5 year old.  He and I both love the light up puma skeleton.  Other things I really like about them are that he can easily put them on himself and that he will choose to wear them (as opposed to simply wearing crocs all the time).
B002EL3KQE Wonderful My son loves that these light up. I love puma as always. Shoes were shipped in a timely manner! Great
B002EL3KQE loved the light and the design great one good for school , My daughter liked the  light on it and the color is exactly the same  , comfortable and it made it  easier for  me to let her change her mind about the wheeled shoes and enjoy her new shoes with the light .
B002EL3KQE great product The flashing light impressed my son. The shoes itself is light and seems pretty comfortable. I wonder if the size is slightly less than the standard - but I am not sure.
B002EL3KQE good shoe. daughter loves them Will watch for straps to tear early on.. previously that has happened with other pairs. Kids love the flashing  lights
B002EL3KQE Love it My son and I love it. The flashing light is extra. They are very. Comfortable too. Also, it makes my son run faster
B002EL3KQE Super cute My daughter love them! Blue puma on the side lights up when she walks, but it lights up showing the skeleton inside - she is an animal love and got a crack out of it!
B002EL3KQE Love them! These are all leather and the Puma lights up.  My son does not want to take them off!  He loves them and so far they have held up really well! He says they are really comfortable even with his wide feet!
B002EL3KQE So Cute! My daughter is a 6.5 in toddlers and I ordered a size 7 and they fit perfect. The picture doesn't really show too well that that the sneaker has some gray on it on the front portion but it goes really nicely with the white and pink. My daughter loves how they light up!
B002EL3KQE My 5 year old Loves them!!! At $26 for these, I couldn't be happier! Compared to department store shoes for $20 bucks, these are much lighter and form fitting. The design is pretty cool for a kid and they light up!
B002EL3KQE So Cute! Wonderful little sneakers. They were a bit snug, but no complaints from my son. The light up feature is not annoying, just a little twinkle. The shoes are very light-weight. I ordered a size 1 for my 5 year old but I wish I would've gotten a 1.5 for room to grow. Still, I'm happy with my purchase from Amazon.
B002EL3KQE Great sneakers My 4 year old son absolutely loves these sneakers.  The fact that they light up makes him quite happy as well.  He says they're comfortable and they make him run faster ;-)
B002EL3KQE Nephew loves them I got these for my nephew for Christmas.  he loves them.  The Puma on the side lights up.  These are one of the coolest kid shoes I have seen.
B002EL3KQE Awesome Light-ups Our son loves light up shoes, but we're not into hokey shoes with all sorts of characters on them - these meet both our standards. Interestingly, the cat on the side lights up, but it's the puma's skeleton that lights up and flashes a few time - kinda cool.They look great as athletic shoes or as a more casual shoe with khakis and a button up. Our son is 3, so we appreciate not having to help lace up his sneakers every time - he can put them on by himself.And he literally seems to run faster. Maybe he just feels faster, but I'm buying the &#34;these shoes will make you run faster hype,&#34; because he takes off like a rocket every time we go outside with them on and says, &#34;look how fast I am now!&#34;
B002EL3KQE Little girl loves her shoes Love these shoes cute and comfortable  my daughter had to have tennis shoes wanted something cute girly and athletic these were all the above!
B002EL3KQE So awesome! My 5yr old lil' guy has had these for about 4 months now and they are still looking fantastic.  He wears them every day to Kindergarten, and for sports class and they are holding up with no signs of falling apart. The lights on the side are great, don't find many shoes in his giant size 12 with lights! I do wish they came with a laced option.....
B002EL3KQE my kid loves it my kid just loved his new puma lighting sneakers... He wears it all day long and keeps jumping aroudn just to see the lights... just cute
B002EL3KQE Love them Our son loves these shoes. They are really unique and cool. They're easy to get on and comfortable. Would buy these again.
B002EL3KQE Perfect The shoes are so cute and our granddaughter simply loved them. She didn't want to take them off. Fun and comfortable.
B002EL3KQE kids sneakers Very good product, looks and feels comfortable and durable, my kids love them, especially the lighting up of the puma. products arrived as advertised
B002EL3KQE Very cute, but wears fast My daughter loved them, but they stopped flashing after only about 6 weeks of wear.  I would consider buying them again however.
B002EL3KQE Long Lasting Kids wore these for almost the whole school year and even though the lights went out long ago and they are a bit faded they held up very well.
B002EL3KQE four stars My son loves them!! They were as advertised and size correct. I would surely buy these again. Hope this helps.
B002EL3KQE Son loves them! My son is about to turn two and HE RUNS.  When I say he runs, I mean all out sprints for 10 minutes straight.  Most shoes at the store are cute and all, but they are bulky and flat on the bottom with very little, if any, flex to them  After reading the other reviews, and being a puma wearer myself, we chose these for their feather-weight, flexibility, and the light up puma skeleton is a cool effect.  We would have never put some cutsie light up shoes on our son, but these aren't cutsie.  They are actually kind of bad a$$!  He just outgrew these, so we got the exact same, just a different color scheme for him.  &#34;Daniel, come put on your boots please.&#34;  &#34;No thank you, I want my puma shoes daddy!&#34;
B002EL3KQE Cool light up shoes My daughter, who is three, adores these shoes. She usually doesn't want pink on her shoes but she squealed when she opened the box. As she started to walk the Puma started lighting up. Again another exciting moment for my daughter. She can put these on by herself for gym class which is awesome for her preschool teacher.
B002EL3KQE cute I didn't want to spend time in tieing shoes and these are super cute and easy to put on my baby.
B002EL3KQE My son loved these and they are a bit different than the usual light ups Good support from these. They made my son happy because of their comfort and their lights. Did not feel like I compromised by buying these.
B002EL3KQE LOVED IT!!! Simply simple...very classy,fun!!! My son loved it and they have been on his feet ever since... the light up part is a perfect touch, definitely will look into more of these...
B002EL3KQE Cuter in person These were even cuter in person. It wasn't clear to me when I ordered them that they have flashing LEDs, but they do, which makes them even better.
B002EL3KQE perfect sneakers. got them in pink for my daughter, she loves the x=ray type of light feature. The puma's skeleton light up, so cute! I , on the other hand, love the velcro feature...so hard to find cute shoes with velcro on them.
B002EL3KQE OK. They are ok about the size and the look from outside, but the bottom of the it is too hard for kids, and after a long walk or play it feels a kind of pain on his feet, there fore i thing it should have more soft bottom.
B002EL3KQE Just right These shoes are just plain fun, and delighted the recipient.  I am entirely satisfied with this purchase.  These were worn with a winged fairy outfit, which led to tremendous ground speed.
B002EL3KQE god excellent product as it would cimplio with my expectations as I buy another thanks for buying other s 1 v
B002EL3KQE PUMA Speeder Illuminescent Velcro Fashion Toddler Sneaker - Orange Shoes arrived on time and packaged properly!The shoes are lightweight which are perfect for a toddler's feet, although, the padding seems thin.The lights work as advertised (which my son loves)!!!The velcro straps are strong and does not loosen up while running (according to my son).One reviewer mentioned that the shoes are cut/made narrow...THIS IS TRUE.  My son's shoe size is 11 and I ordered a Size 12 which fits his feet perfectly!  Thank you to the reviewer!!!Another thing I'd like to mention is the back of the shoe.  At first, my son complained that it was hurting his back feet/ankle, but after a few days, he's adjusted and never complained about it.Came with a red shoe bag from Puma. Perfect for storage!Would I buy this product again? YES.Why only 4 Stars???  Nothing is perfect.
B002EL3KQE Happy boy My grandson loves them.  We did not expect the Puma skeleton to light up!  Very cool!  Would definitely recommend these.
B002EL3KQE Classy "little ones" shoes Bought these for our grandchild, and he loves them.  He is a classy little boy so other light up shoes just wouldn't work.  These are well built, light on the logo when steps.  Great fit and look.
B002EL3KQE Very nice shos I bought this shoes  as a present for my niece , and he sad they very comfortable and looking good shoes.
B002EL3KQE Very pleased with Kids who love, it is comfortable to wearShoes are very comfortable Using 80 percent is cost-effective Cheap and easy care
B002EL3KQE Four Stars ok
B002EL3KQE Wonderful Great product, got these for my god son and he absolutely loves them. He now wants all the other colors.
B002EL3KQE Daughter ecstatic with this purchase A tad bit wider than usual Pumas (my daughter has very slender feet), but more similar to other brands.  Stomping makes the cat light up/flash.  However otherwise they are not over the top and it's a nice shade of pink that isn't garish.  Mom and daughter both happy!
B002EL3KQE Color Scuffed Off on Second Day The shoe seemed a bit stiffer than I had expected, but it didn't seem to bother my 4 year old daughter. Other than that, it seemed to fit well and she loved the light up skeleton of the puma. My biggest complaint is on day two of wearing them, there was a big scuff mark on the toe which scraped off the pink. Unfortunately, I will be returning.
B002EL3KQE So many compliments! Love the shoes! A little bit hard but so adorable! It's his favorite shoes. The only con is he keeps kicking the seat in front of him when he's in his carseat, because he wants to see the lights.
B002EL3KQE Pretty but ... I'm a little disappointed about these brand because they send my these tennis shoes that are relaly pretty and nice for my kid but one of the pumas doesn't light so I think is stolen for the inside that's why I rated 3 stars instead of five
B002EL3KQE Son is in heaven Loves his new shoes, he can run faster, jump higher, annoy me longer. They are perfect even in the dark.
B002EL3KQE These were cool These are nicely made, bright for toddler fun.  They also light up with flashing lights as the toddler toddles along.  Makes them fun.
B002EL3KQE THe Puma Lights Up! Light and comfortable.  Easy to get on and off.  Received lots of compliments from other moms and friends.  My 4 yr old son is  runner and jumper and does not like the NIKE and other brand sneakers that have too much going on in terms of the sole and heel.  This works great for his active life!
B002EL3KQE excellent product I excellent product I recommend
B002EL3KQE Puma's are the best! Best toddler shoes are Pumas because they are so  flexible...not sniff like the cheaper sneakers. Son has been wearing various styles since 18 months. He just turned 3 and bought him these. Loves that the pumas lighting up.Would recommend them to anyone wanting comfort for their little one.
B002EL3KQE Too cute! My 3 year old loves light up shoes and this is a cute, but not too corny light up shoe!! They seem to be very comfortable, he wears them to preschool and also wears them while running around at the park.
B002EL3KQE Arrived just in time. It's perfect. This item fits perfect in my son and arrived just in time. I really liked this sneaker and my son too.
B002EL3KQE Puma Kids Muito bom! Meu filho adorou... e alem do mais o produto &eacute; &oacute;timo! Logo, voltarei a comprar mais. Obrigado, at&eacute; a pr&oacute;xima.
B002EL3KQE Lights are great. My daughter's feet are thin and long, so the model fits very well.Apparently a durable construction, but cannot say more at this point as we just got it...
B002EL3KQE Only light ups we all agree on My son is very pickey when it comes to shoes. He was born in summer so he didn't wear any for awhile. Now that he is almost three it's still really hard to get him to try new ones. We found these at that mall one day and my husband loved them. Our son agreed to try them on and once we had them on we realized they were light ups. Light up shoes were one of my parent "never will my child have light up shoes". These are sooo cute though! The puma lights up and it shows the skelton of the cat. We are now ordering our second pair through Amazon. And as for the other comment about them being stiff, I don't agree I think they have plenty of give for a child over 2 years old. Trust me my son wouldn't wear them if they didn't haha!
B002EL3KQE Fabulous Shoes! These shoes are more awesome than we thought. When we got them we realized they light up a skeleton puma on the side. Pretty sweet!Oh, they fit well too!
B002EL3KQE My son likes them My toddler wouldn't wear anything but his crocs before we got him these shoes. They were fairly reasonable, in their plainest form, for brand name shoes, which we normally don't spring for, at least for a rapidly growing child. but he likes to put them on, has a blast watching them blink, and runs around in them like they are the most comfortable shoes in the world, so we're pretty happy with them.
B002EL3KQE Perfect Very cute shoes, the puma cat lights up, how cool is that!!! My child absolutely loves them, I will be buying more
B002EL3KQE Great shoes These are very cute, light up Puma lights up brightly.  I ordered one size up based on reviews, so far so good, my so. Hasn't worn them much yet, but he loves them.
B002EL3KQE fun shoe My seven year old like them enough, and loves that they light up. That said, they're on the small side ( I had to return like 3 pairs before I got it right), and there's quite a bit of material around your foot. Nice easy bend, though, and he says they make him run fast.
B002EL3KQE I have been buying these sneakers since my son was 2 These sneakers are cute, sturdy, and a lot of fun for the little ones, since they light up.  They are easy to put on, and my son has those Fred Flintstone cheese wedge feet.  LOL  Great investment.
B002EL3KQE Great buy Puma for toddlers are a great fit and cozy on my lil ones feet. Easy straps and wipes off clean. The lluminescent Puma is such a great touch, it lights up the bones of the Puma. So awesome and a nice surprise.
B002EL3KQE great sneakers I generally like puma sneakers for my son, but these illuminate are so good. My son loves them and can't stop jumping because they light then. I like how they fit his feet.
B002EL3KQE SO SO Cute! You have to buy these shoes for your little guy! Such a different look than the trashy sketcher light-up shoes.  And they light up with the actual skeleton of the puma, so cute.  My son gets compliments all the time, and everyone asks me where I found them.
B002EL3KQE Great Product I bought these tennis shoes for my active toddler boy & they are a fantastic product! They puma even lights up when he walks which he loves.
B002EL3KQE Best light up My son adores them. Cute to see an 8 yr old so proud of his shoes. Best looking light-up option on the market. I wish more colors had been available.
B002EL3KQE Stylish, functional and fun! Great shoe! My son loves the light up puma skeleton! He's convinced the shoes make him run faster :) Ok! Smiling about the fact he doesn't argue when I ask him to put on his shoes! ThAnks Puma for being so clever! No more cheap licensed character light ups!
B002EL3KQE My 4 year old niece loves them! They glow in the dark too.  The whole puma lights up several times in white.  For some reason I thought they would light up in pink.
B002EL3KQE 6 yr old likes .... My 6 yr old loves itColor is true as in picture. The light up was a surprise and he likes it.However its not easy to open and slip into feet.Consider getting one size large.
B002EL3KQE too small!!!!!! MAKE SURE YOU ORDER 2 SIZES UP!!! I READ SOME PPL WRITING THAT AND I SHOULD'VE LISTENED. BUT I DIDN'T AND MY SON DIDN'T GET TO WEAR IT FOR LONG. OTHERWISE THEY ARE REALLY CUTE SNEAKERS!!!!!
B002EL3KQE so cute but unwearable absoultely tiny. size 11 could barely get on my daughter for whom all other 11s are too big.whole puma lights up, though, it would have been amazing.
B002EL3KQE Love these neat shoes! When they light up you see the skeleton of the Puma, too cool! We think these are so neat. My son loves to run in these shoes.
B002EL3KQE Too cool for school! I ordered these as a birthday present for my three year old nephew. His mother is adamantly against light-up shoes but I was able to convince her otherwise with this gift. She didn't even notice they lit up until I told her they did; she was focused on how stylish and versatile they were. All she could do was laugh.
B002EL3KQE Adorable, unique Daughter loves the light up skeleton, Unfortunately had to return twice since it runs VERY small.  Shoe size 11, ended up comfortable in the 13.  Worn every day since receipt, and you're not going to find these anywhere else.  I tried (and tried, and tried)!
B002EL3KQE good product it is very good looking, i bought it for my elder son, however i don't like the illuminescent feature...looks like it's for toddler than a big boy
B002EL3KQE Wow! I purchased the sneakers for my 2 year old great grandson who has refused to wear anything but red Car sneakers from Target. This has been the story for the last year. We cannot find them anymore so I took a chance with these because the Puma lights up. It took a some effort to get him to look at them.  I ordered up one size, they fit fine. I like that they are flexible, light weight, good looking and light up perfectly.
B002EL3KQE She loved them! My grand daughter loves Puma and this is one of her favorites. They fit perfectly and she never got a blister even though she has worn them all day, every day since she got them.
B002EL3KQE Money will spent Very nice as it looks in the pic my son loves it and recommend for others if they had biger size I wold buy one for my self
B002EL3KQE Excellent choice It is a Great product, arrived earlier than we expected, it's a good choice for my toddler kid and it was at good Price
B002EL3KQE perfect The puma on the side lights up as you step, but shows a rather detailed skeleton!  My 4.5 year old is really impressed and so am I!  They fit very well, the velcro fits firmly with no overhangs like converse.  They match everything.  Well made, couldn't ask for more.  My son says that they make him go &#34;really fast, and faster, and even more fast.&#34;
B002EL3KQE Good shoes My child loves the shoes, especially the light up panther, wears them all the time. Surprisingly very light shoes but quite sturdy.
B002EL3KQE Daughter loves these! The part that lights up is the panther on the side of the shoes.  My daughter loves these! They fit perfect and probably run slightly small.
B002EL3KQE Light ups! My grandson only wanted light up sneakers and Puma's fit him perfectly, they are great! They have a clean look and a bright light up puma.
B002EL3KQE puma shoes Already had the orange ones & love them both! Get comnents all the time when my 2 yr old wears them.
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes These shoes are adorable and very well made. The light up cat is very cool. They look like they will hold up to playgrounds. My daughter is around a size 9, so I bought a 10 and they fit her well. She has room to grow without her feet slipping out.
B002EL3KQE Very cute!! Got compliments :-) This is a very cute shoe. We love them on our son. He got so many compliments first time he wore. We are very happy with this purchase.
B002EL3KQE son loves them These are good puma shoes.  The velcro makes it easy for my son to put on.  The puma logo on the side lights up when the foot steps down.  It doesn't light up with normal walking, just with a harder step, like running.
B002EL3KQE Perfect I received the shoes 1 day late, but I like it, it's exactly what i was looking for. Thank you
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes!!! I bought these for my grandson. I thought he would like them since they light up. Turns out they fit perfect and he loves them!! Not only are they a cute shoe but the way they light up is really neat cuz the Puma lights up. This was the perfect gift. A great gift for a toddler. I'm so glad I ordered them.
B002EL3KQE awesome shoes My boy and us love them.  You will not see ot untill it lights up but the pumas skeleton lights up!
B002EL3KQE it stopped lighting up after about 3 months and that's a bummer around here, because we bought them to have well-made sneakers that also have the fun of lighting up
B002EL3KQE Too cute! Although my son isn't using them yet, they look and feel very well made.Other light up shoes are very bulky and heavy, I chose this ones because they are very light and they look nice with everything he wears.
B002EL3KQE Lights in one shoe does not work Disappointed that the lights in the right side shoe does not work. We have to make do with the lights on one side as it would be too troublesome to exchange.
B002EL3KQE Super dee doo per Super cute! They light up with the skeleton of the cat - my son loves them. Buy them for sure.
B002EL3KQE Awesome My son is 6, he loves his new pumas, especially the out line of the puma bones when they light up!
B002EL3KQE Nicely made These shoes are very nicely made.  It fits my tow year old son perfectly and likes it. Happy about this purchase.
B002EL3KQE awesome! my daughter loved them! omg, she's supposed to use black shoes to school and i had to ask the teacher for permission, cuz she wont take em off!
B002EL3KQE Awesome My goddaughter loved them, especially since they light up and she kept on asking random people if they liked her new shoes,
B002EL3KQE Very cool! My son loves these shoes! The light up is very bright and so far have been easy to keep clean.
B002EL3KQE puma sneaker My granddaughter loved them. They even lite up which I didn't know they did. She was one excited 5 year old. thank you
B002EL3KQE we love those Hi,my kids love those sneakers.i wish they could be shipped to israel.i will order again for sure, when i'll come to visit.my kids love them.
B002EL3KQE so cute Bought these for my daughter's first shoes and she looks so cute in them walking around with them lighting up. Pumas are great lightweight shoes for toddlers but as with all pumas these run slightly small so be aware of that when buying.
B002EL3KQE Cutest shoes ever!! My son loves these shoes, and I do too! We love that the cats light up on the side while most light-up shoes light up on the bottom. So we like that they are different. Plus puma has always been a cool looking shoe, and with a child that wants light up shoes, this is the perfect option. You get style and pleasure at the same time.
B002EL3KQE Excellent light effect The fit was as expected (slightly big) because i wanted my son to be able to use it for more than 1month.  The lighting effect of the puma cat works and is a delight to my 3 yr. old, I only hope that it last for the duration of its usage.
B002EL3KQE Puma Shoes for Toddlers The product reached well in time and when we opened the package we were very delighted to see the immaculate packing details. The product when tried on my 3 year old daughter look fabulous, fits well and the whole finish of the shoe is fantastic. The Puma Logo is very cool and the blinking lights are amazing.Very happy with this purchase and are now waiting for the second color in the same style. Thanks Amazon.
B002EL3KQE Hardly Lights up Puma only lights up when running or stomping. It does not light up with normal walking. But the little girl really likes it.
B002EL3KQE As good as always! My kid had been using Puma since he was 2 years old and now that he is 6 he still love them. For me the most important thing ishow comfortable they are and how long they last, actually almost all of his shoes we pass them to his cousins and they are as good as new. This Speeder has been awesome as he said when he tried them on.
B002EL3KQE My son loves them!!!!! My son loves these shoes, He wants to wear them everyday. I think they are pricey for toddler shoes. Nowadays everything is I guess, but the kid loves them.
B002EL3KQE the lights still work! Wylie loves his "puma cat" shoes!  I didn't even realize they lit up until we got them!  The light up is cooler than most light up shoes- it is the Puma's skeleton!  ALL his friends want some!  These kid's shoes kick butt!!!
B002EL3KQE light up My son received them today. Great and fast shipping. My son absolutely loves his new light up sneakers. As soon as he got them he put them on and doesn't want to take them off. Great purchase.
B002EL3KQE Two Stars The left side one does not have a light. Bit awkward
B002EL3KQE Puma My daughter loves the shoes so much she wants to wear it to bed. That's 5 stars in my book.
B002EL3KV4 Great except the Puma Paint peeled very quickly. These shoes are great in every aspect except in the purple coating it has on top of the PUMA silhouette. It peeled very easily with normal toddler use.
B002EL3LZE Very goo product My soon enjoy very much the product he use it to go to school and have been very resistens. Thanks
B002EL3LZE Looks great My 9yo loves this shoe.  It looks great and feels good on his foot.  Holding up well so far compared to regular clothes tennis shoes.  Clean up well with a Mr. Clean eraser when they get dirty too.
B002EL3LZE Puma Tune Cat B Jr Sneaker My grandson loves this shoe.  He says they are so soft and comfortable.  Only problem, he wants to wear them everyday.
B002EL3LZE OMG !! I was SO happy to see these sneakers, I wanted cute Sneakers that i could wear with pretty much everything. The Prices were GREAT! They were so affordable. And i LOVE these sneakers. i rate it  5 STARS ! The Sneakers were in GREAT Condition... Recommend this to EVERYONE
B002EL3LZE 10 year old granddaughter loves the feel of these Pumas I bought these for my 10 year old granddaughter for a Christmas present. She has an older pair that I bought for her just like these, only with the white stripe. I thought she liked them because of their looks, but she told me it was because they feel so comfortable.
B002EL3LZE puma tune cat sneaker daughter loves it - excellent Daughter picky with shoes. Now almost 9 yo, her favorites yet. will keep buying as she gets older. Worth the price
B002EL3LZE Great buy! These shoes were great. Would give them a 5 star except that for some reason the laces are slick and I either have to double tie for the boys or remind them to retie often.
B002EL3LZE Puma never fails Comfortable cool looking shoe - my son won;t wear anything else. Holds up well to lots of 10 year old boy abuse.
B002EL3LZE Sneekers This snekers is confterbool and they are amassing. But they easily getting dirty. Everything is good and I recommend you to buy them! :)
B002EL3LZE Four Stars child loved them
B002EL3MCQ cute Really cute baby girl shoes. The double velcro makes it easy to put on a baby. Light weight. easy for babies to walk.
B002EL3MCQ very nice These shoes are very nic and pretty. My daughter can't wait to show them off at school. Very happy with our purchase.
B002EL3MCQ LOVE these! I got these for my son. SO cute and fit great.  The straps are alittle tricky for my 4 year old but super cute.
B002EL3MCQ cute sneaker It's true to size. Love that it has velcour instead of  lace.  This is my daughters gym sneaker and she seems to love it. It also helps that it has pink in ir.
B002EL3MCQ Great sneaker! I've been buying Pumas for my son since he was born and he is now 3. These sneakers are great, they are wide an comfortable for him..and very stylish. They look cute with blue jeans, and khakis. Great spring/summer sneaker!
B002EL3MCQ Soooo cute! Soooo cute! Just like advertised. Though they do run small, so be careful when ordering! Oh, and my 18 month old seems to like them!
B002EL3MCQ cute These sneakers are perfect for my son who hates tieing his shoes!! Plus they're light weight so easy to run in.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome Seriously the cutest toddler shoe!  I love that the velcro goes both ways because it's harder for my little guy to pull them off.
B002EL3MCQ wonderful excellent purchase is nice as it looks in the photos and fulfilled our expectations would buy again if we need
B002EL3MCQ Great look and not too heavy My little guy (15 mo) loves his new shoes.  He still walks better without shoes, but these are light and only minimally affect his steps.  The Velcro straps don't tighten much. I intentionally bought them a little big, but since I can't tighten them much, they tend to fall off when he's kicking hard. It's a minimal issue and I still recommend these shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Ok I choose this product because I like de colorsI like because are so confi andIrecomended because I love it
B002EL3MCQ LOVE LOVE LOVE I just got these in the mail today for my 6 year old son and he was ecstatic. He hates shoe laces but doesn't like the &#34;baby look&#34; of so many of the velcro sneakers on the market.  I do think these run a little small, but I planned for that based on other comments that were made.
B002EL3MCQ Excellent Love these shoes!  Very easy to get on/off.  My 3 year old can even do it.  Very cute and stylish as well.
B002EL3MCQ I like these! nice fit, good traction, just exactly what my little ball player needed to quit slipping all over the court Lol... : )
B002EL3MCQ Cool design I have been buying Puma for my son since he was 2, the design was cool and fits really well, very comfortable too!
B002EL3MCQ Puma Shoes Love these shoes for my daughter.  She loves them too.  They are very comfortable and she has gotten lots of compliments on how cute she looks in her sporty shoes!
B002EL3MCQ excellent They are very good quality although it was the first time I bought hereby and height will stay a bit big really likes my daughter. excellent very serious and responsible seller
B002EL3MCQ Great buy I'm a huge fan of Puma for my kids and these did not disappoint. Super cute and comfortable for him.
B002EL3MCQ They look great I was looking long time for Puma sneakers for my granddaughter and I found this adorable one.I did not send them yet but I think they will be perfect for her feed.Now she is 27 months old but usually she wears bigger size
B002EL3MCQ awesome buy! I love these shoes sooo cute and inexpensive would buy more from puma from amazon.com in the future :))) definately would recomend them they were the perfect size for my son!
B002EL3MCQ Fits exactly as expected This is not the first time I've purchased this shoe.  It fits well, looks sporty, and my kid loves it.  It's nice having velcro straps because of the speed and ease for a kid to put on shoes.  Hope it becomes acceptable for adults to do the same.
B002EL3MCQ Very Nice I bought these for my 4 yr old son. I really like the shoes. It's nice that he doesn't need my help because there isn't any tying involved. The only problem he's had is that if his socks aren't tall enough they will rub the back of his foot raw. Other than that he has had many of wonderful comments about them. With thick tall socks they are amazing!
B002EL3MCQ Awesome I liked and my son liked them and I put them on him and fit like suppose too, will buy more to
B002EL3MCQ It's great! Pretty good, soft, nice and confortable.Nothing to complain!!!!If I have to choose again, I'll choose Puma.Nice shoe and the girl love it.
B002EL3MCQ Bought for 5 year old Very cute shoe. True to size. =) They feel very well made. Some pumas I have bought in the past feel like there is nothing to them. These feel great. It shipped right away. My daughter loves them.
B002EL3MCQ Favorite Shoes These were our favorite shoes for our son.  They were easy to put on and they looked great with shorts and pants.  We were sad to see him outgrow them.  We would have purchased them again for him, but we couldn't find them in his size.
B002EL3MCQ Good puschase A good sneaker, strong and pretty. My 8 years old boy loved and uses all teh time.Cleanning is easy and it gets back in shape.
B002EL3MCQ Stylish and easy I love these pumas I'm very picky with my kids shoes and these not only look great with shorts, My son can put them on himself with no prob. LOVE!!!
B002EL3MCQ Love it Love it. It is good. Dont know what to say more. It force me to write more and more. what u want me to say!
B002EL3MCQ Toddler PUMA sneaker I bought this sneaker for my 19 mth old. I saw it online and it looked so cute. It was also a colour that could go with anything he wore. The sneaker was delivered and received in good condition as promised. It also was comfortable to my toddler's feet. I recommend this choice for anyone looking for a stylish shoe for their kid.
B002EL3MCQ Loving it! I have been a traditional fan of Converse sneakers, and that's mostly what my daughter has worn (she's 21 months). I bought these for the price and &#34;reverse velcro&#34; style.  My daughter instantly fell in love and can easily run in these sneakers.  I think they hold her feet better than the Converse...I plan to purchase again.
B002EL3MCQ Perfect SO EASY TO PUT ON A 2 YEAR OLD! He is a handful when it comes to putting on shoes and these take seconds. Love them!
B002EL3MCQ excellent product excellent product, the quality of the boots are very good, the material is leather, very comfortable and very nice, original, the product arrived in good condition.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT these shoes are great, really well made &#8203;&#8203;and are prettier than they look in the photo, they are also tough and well trained
B002EL3MCQ Super cute Super cute for my girl and can probably be used for boy as well. The fit is perfect and the style is sporty
B002EL3MCQ very nice for an early walker The leather is soft, and the sole flexes enough for ease in walking. We got these in a 4T for a 13 month toddler. She has some other shoes that are too stiff in both sole and upper, but these are great. Also very easy on and off.
B002EL3MCQ So Cute! Love this shoe, it's so cute on my son!  I get lots of compliments for them.  I hate that he destroys them by falling or dragging his feet, but they're so cute I'll definitely have to get new ones when he out grows these.  They're good shoes and they stand up to his abuse, they just don't look at nice an white after he's worn them for lets say...5 mintues!  It's just me, I like to have my white sneakers pristine.
B002EL3MCQ Great quality, comfy and beauttiful My daughter loves it. Super comfy and good looking sneakers. My only concern is that it is made of white leather and I don't know how to clean it well if it gets real dirty ( can't drop it in the washing machine as with other type fabric sneakers). So far no issues at all. Over all a great buy.
B002EL3MCQ Cute and comfy! Lightweight yet durable, good for all seasons. Very easy to put on, even with the tiniest fingers. My 5 year old loves!
B002EL3MCQ Excellent I love it, my son love it, looks like the photo in the web, my son said that is confortable.  Just Perfect
B002EL3MCQ The best sneakers for young boys! I have 2 boys 4 & 6 and these pumas were a perfect buy! Easy to put on, easy clean- just throw'em in the washing machine, don't look horribly filthy when they are. VERY DURABLE! I can stress this enough! They are awesome!
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Super cute, appear comfortable and easy to get on and off since its velcro.  My daughter is 22 months and loves them
B002EL3MCQ ok the product to stay far, recommended for child play soccer. recommended for multi-colored purchase s. i ilke all the product.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Very cute shoes. True to size. We get lots of compliments and my 2 1/2 year old can just about put them on himself. Would definitely recommend.
B002EL3MCQ Can't go wrong with Puma. My 5-year old grandson is sure Puma makes him run faster! 'Thinks the 'carry' bag is really neat, also. They are well-made.
B002EL3MCQ Perfect and fits as needed Perfect and very nice and the colour perfect and nice  we like it very much  thanks for putting the right description
B002EL3MCQ These get filthy... They are very comfortable for my daughter, but we find ourselves wiping them down a lot.  For example, if we go to town or out to dinner - I make her change her shoes.  These just look really worn out for not being that old.  But they do look nice if you can keep them clean.
B002EL3MCQ omg i bought these for my 5yr old and i love love love them im goin to get her more when she needs a new size! so stinkin cute!
B002EL3MCQ These shoes are so cute! We love these shoes.  My daughter loves them and thinks they are so cool and wants to wear them everyday!
B002EL3MCQ cool needs some cushion in the sole so kids feet can develop. but i like puma they are pretty cool kicks
B002EL3MCQ Cool These trainers are for my toddler and are so cool looking. Great to get on and off because of velcro and make any outfit look smart..
B002EL3MCQ Easy to wear Two years boy likes it. It looks fashionable. It is Easy to wear.This one is the first puma one.
B002EZZQBM Love these! I have gotten so many compliments on these!  so cute!  very comfortable and stylish enough for work and play!
B002EZZQUI comfy flip flop I like the light pink and black combo, and they fit true to size.  They're perfect for casual summer wear.
B002EZZRKC stylish, affordable, athletic! I enjoy wearing these, and I get compliments all the time.  For $28 I couldn't really go wrong.  They do feel a bit snug, but not uncomfortably so.  Would buy again.
B002EZZRKC nice shoes These are very comfortable to wear and smooth to walk with.I got lot of compliments on these shoes.
B002EZZT00 Awesome! Very comfortable! I work in retail and stand on my feet 40 hours a week and this shoes are awesome! When you first put them on, they feel really snug and your first thought may be "Uh oh" like my thought was- but try them out first! They are worth it!
B002EZZUWC Treat with care! I bought these in black with silver sequins. They are very sharp and unique, but the sequins are pretty delicate for shoes that aren't evening wear, and after about three months of having them and wearing them once or twice a week, tops, the sequins are snagged in several places. Too bad ... I gave them four stars for looking so sharp and being comfortable, but be careful with the sequined sides.
B002F0011G BEST work out shoes! These shoes are unreal-- comfy and light.  Promised myself I'd save them for working out--but already went hiking in them.  They are great for ANY type of feet.  Very true to size.
B002G6XWRY loved them my daughter loved them!!They were comfortable and great for indoor soccer...she even wore them for track..not sure that was great for her feet, but she liked them that much.
B002G72NJG resistant and spacious This is the bag you need for sport, carry everything you need, is very spacious and durable, but inside is unstitched pocket, so do not put 5
B002HEWUUK Super Cute I loved these for my 3 month old daughter.  They are incredibly cute but she doesn't really need them and she kicks them off.  I think they are a little pricey for shoes for an infant.
B002HEWV0O Thin, lightweight These pants are nice, but a little thin.  They are very lightweight, more for summer use.  I could see them getting chilly even in spring or fall.The mesh lining is not full, and stops around the knee.  The liner does not seem to be firmly fixed to the outer shell.  When taking the pants on and off, this has caused my feet to easily catch, and I am worried about the longevity of the shelll/liner.Overall a decent pair of pants, but not as sturdy as I was hoping for at this price point.
B002HEWWDU Love the style BUT I love the style, simple yet gorgeous...Puma is a fun company.  My one complaint is taht I have a little bit of a beer belly, and these shirts shrink after wash...so I have 3 of these shirts that I've worn once lol
B002HEWWJO Light Weight This is a nice light-weight hoodie.  I originally thought it was fleecy on the inside judging from other sweatshirts PUMA sells, but it was not the case.  The hoodie is relatively thin but washes and wears well.  Overall, the fiance is satisfied with the purchase.
B002HEWWVW Just as shown I'm usually a little bit reluctant to buy clothes online, but since the price was really good I decided to give it a try.I'm glad I did! The T-shirt looks just as shown and fits great.
B002HEWZHS HOT!!!! SNEAKER If your lucky enough to find this sneaker still in your child's size ..BUY THEM..We have them in the pink but the blue looks cute too..My daughter loves them and we always have lot's of compliments ..Easy to take on and off as they have fake laces with velcro strap..A must have for your daughter
B002HEWZKK I love these shoes! No laces to keep tied, form-fitting, low- profile design hugs the foot comfortably and "makes you run fast!" (says my nine year old!).  Durable construction, unlike another model Puma shoe purchased previously and easy to clean.
B002HEWZUU Buyer beware Buyer beware.....I bought these sneakers for my grandson, because he loves the Puma look; however, when they arrived, we were quite surprised to discover that THEY DON'T COME WITH LACES!!  In fact, they have only tiny holes that are merely decorative.  Who would have thought an item referred to as a "Fat Lace Sneaker" wouldn't have laces?  It seems the term "fat lace" refers to the white design on the side, which does sort of look like a lace if you use your imagination.
B002HUI36E Comfy pants My 11 yr old lives in these.  He says they are very comfy.  The material is thicker than you would think and pretty easy to clean.
B002HUI36E My grandson likes these For some reason I was having trouble finding track pants in size 8 for my grandson.  I was happy to discover some on Amazon.  It's helpful to know that they can be returned if they don't fit.
B002I9YQLA love it bought this for my daughter she loves it its so soft and comfortable i just wish i got one in my size lol
B002JF1B48 Great hoodie I purchased this hoodie for my sister for Christmas.  It's super casual and comfortable and she wears it often.
B002JSZTW0 Horrible This watch does NOT work as advertised. Very frustrated trying to set the time. Read the instructions, even thought maybe it was me, looked at YouTube videos for help. Simply put, the touch screen works less than 10% of the time. When setting the time, one touch screen section (that is also the light) needs to be held until the hours flash. Well, the light sometimes comes on, but the time never flashes. I touched the middle of the section, swiped my finger across the area, touched the bottom by the gems.. Everything. Simply put, it does not work. Zero stars is the proper rating.
B002JSZTW0 not satisfied The touch screen did not seem to work for me so I returned this item. Not very impressed and would not recommend.
B002JW9DDW Puma girls hoodie 2-6x I bought this as a gift for my friends daughter. From what she told me it was the best little hoodie ever. Her daughter loved the pink color and it was very warm. When it came it looked well made and it was thick.
B002KAODVA Comfortable and great look Love them, they are very stylish. The comfort level could be greater but they are not bad for walking or standing.
B002KAOF36 A little too much rainbow... Upon receiving these flops, I have to say that I was a little horrified at the rainbow base of them.  But, with a little help from a permanent marker, they became the black flip flops I was hoping for.  I, admittedly, only bought them out of need and because in my size (12) they were only $16.  If I'd paid the $30+ for them, I'd have been disappointed, but they're comfortable and suit their purpose just fine.
B002KAOH4S Love them Comfy, good looking and true to size. They'll definitely keep you warm during the cold months, but they are a bit too warm for warmer months.
B002KAOLGC Elegant and comfortable ... I bought 2 and one for me and the other to my brother and we all assure you it's very luxurious Mrigh.
B002KAOLGC Looks better in your hands! I love Puma products and was looking for a simple yet comfortable look for a gift. My brother loves it and has worn them immediately when he got them. Hope he doesn't wear them out too soon.
B002KAOLGC Puma Casual Sneakers The shoes arrived well packaged and fitted perfectly. they are very comfortable and gives a good spring to my swag! I would recommend them anyday! :)
B002KAOLGC Great shoes but need socks This shoes are great but wear socks with them otherwise you might have blisters on the back of your feet. I have other puma shoes that do not require you to wear socks. Otherwise these shoes are comfortable with socks. I have used them to walk around downtown all day in before.
B002KAOLGC GREAT DEAL I WILL START BY SAYING I GOT THEM JUST IN TIME AND THEY WERE SHIPPED BY UPS...THEY LOOK GREAT AND WERE IN A PUMA GIFT BAG LIKE BOX IT WAS NICE THOUGH...I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY LITTLE BROTHER FOR CHRISTMAS, I FIGURED FOR $40 I COULDNT BEAT IT CONSIDERING THERE EASILY A $60 SHOES IN THE STORES...
B002KAOLGC Great Show This is a great shoe for the price. After a days worth a wearing your feel will take a beating, but for less than $40 what do you expect? To walk on clouds. You're not going to be Neil Armstrong for $40. Get real.
B002KAOLGC Great looking shoe Bought for my boyfriend. He loves them. Love the style and there very comfortable to wear as well.Would buy in other colors as well.
B002KAOLGC Looks great.....feels good. just arrived a day earlier than expected....thanks Amazon!  Looking for a good, comfortable casual show as i have flat feet that tire easily.  Just wanted something for causal pant/jeans and possible shorts.  These nice leather shows fit great, have a nice sole and some cushion inside.  I put them on with some jeans, white T and black v-neck sweater......not too shabby!  So far, i am really liking these.  The proof will be when i wear them for a length of time this spring/summer/fall.  Thanks!
B002KAOLGC These work for women, too Bought these when I couldn't find what I wanted in women's shoes. I normally wear a 9 in Women's, and the 7.5 in Men's fit just fine. Plus, they are D width, which is great if you have a wider, or arthritic, foot. They come in other colors, but I like the ones in leather with the perfs, and I think black is the only other color in leather. Fortunately, Amazon is one of the few places that carry them, so I always buy my shoes here. Plus, of course, Amazon's rapid delivery. Can't beat it!
B002KAOLGC money well spent. As expected it is a very stylish & comfortable sneaker. I may buy a couple more pairs. Great job Puma!
B002KAOLGC My bro loves these.... I bought these shoes for my lil brother and he says that he feels so cool with them on... Not to mention that they're comfortable.
B002KAOLGC Cool shoes! WebZom sent it promptly I was looking for these shoes in other sites but WebZom via Amazon had the best deal! Comfy as most pumas are! Loving mine! Thanks  WebZom
B002KAOLGC Scholl's active sole and made these 100x more comfortable. The stock sole is too flat for me I get tons of complements on these.I replaced the inner sole with a Dr. Scholl's active sole and made these 100x more comfortable.  The stock sole is too flat for me.
B002KAOLGC Cool Shoes! I am old but would wear saddle oxfords exclusively if I could! They are light weight and comfortable. Definitely a warm weather shoe.
B002KAOLGC Perfect Birthday Present Theses are exactly what my son was looking for and the price is amazing.  Quick shipping too.  Thank you he's going to love them.
B002KAOLGC Fashionable design but not too comofrtable My review should really be 3.5 stars.  Look (4 stars) and Feel (3 stars).  Got lots complement on this shoes!  Though, its not too comfortable after walking in it for a while.  I travel with it a lot because its light and easy to jam into my carry on.
B002KAOLGC My Husband's New Favorite Shoes I got these for my husband for Christmas. HE LOVES THEM! They form to his feet, they are light weight for the design and they go with any outfit. I might have to get him more in different colors :)
B002KAOLGC clean admire the crisp white while it lasts, the biggest problem with these is that they show everything. trend carefully friends
B002KAOLGC excellent Excellent shoes! They look great and I have received lots of compliments about them. The material is very easy to keep clean too.
B002KAOLGC Great wear Really looks good on my feet. Cleans easily. Thanks to Usain I am seeing PUMA footwear in a different light.
B002KAOLGC I LOVE THEM! NICE SHOES AND COMFORTABLE! I'VE ALWAYS LOVED PUMA FOR A REASON, THEY ARE SO EASY TO CLEAN UP TOO. GREAT GIFT.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes. That's it. Oh... I wore them through a flood. Got wet. Stayed clean. Didn't smell. Dried overnight. Tons of compliments.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes! I like them , super nice!! Very happy with product and how fast I got them.These are a grate gift
B002KAOLGC Rubs oddly The overall fit is good. It rubs oddly against my Achilles heel, but just on one foot.  I'm hoping the shoes just need to be broken in.
B002KAOLGC More of a backetball sneaker In the pics I pictured it being a more up-scale leather looking dark shoe that I could wear out to low level night clubs, bars, etc but after seeing it in person it looked much more like a basketball sneaker than anything. Its a nice sneaker, just not exactly what I was picturing in my head.
B002KAOLGC Buy em...I did! Great shoes! I get compliments all the time. Then when I tell em where and how much I paid for these, I get high fives and more compliments. These shoes go great with all my jeans and are really comfortable. Plus they're not your everyday everybody has em kinda of shoes. That alone was the best selling point for me. I like to stand out and apart and these do exactly that!
B002KAOLGC Stylish Stylish shoes that work in casual environments as well as in semi-formal club settings. Puma does not disappoint with this shoe.
B002KAOLGC very good value. this is a confortable good looking and fitting sneaker.the price is right.it is dressy , but can be worn with jeans also.
B002KAOLGC Just as expected! These were my husband's third try at finding white sneakers that were nice looking and comfortable and they were perfect.
B002KAOLGC Just what I expected... My husband loves them and thinks they fit great. They are just as described and come in a slightly funny box for those who care and plan to give these as a gift (which I did).
B002KAOLGC Excellent shoes! They fit well. Nice to use for casual event. Very comfortable and stylish. This my 2nd time buying this style of pumas.
B002KAOLGC Excellent shoes.! The shoe is perfect. The only thing about it is you get blisters on your ankle if you wear "no show"/small socks. But overall the shoes is great, fits perfectly, nice design, definitely going to recommend this product.. :)
B002KAOLGC too expensive to break on first wearing the shoe looks real nice but i was wearing them for about 4 hours when the toe strip started to peel off the shoe. i had to walk around all day with a strap hanging from my foot, i was so embarressed at work and i would have contacted the seller but they are not available to contact for some reason. i was able to glue it back on but i dont know if it will hold. very disappointed i usually have no problems with puma.
B002KAOLGC Hurts heels on husbands feet The shoe is big on my husband and rubs on his heal. He has to wear a band aid to help. The company was great though.
B002KAOLGC I love it GOOD PRODCUT
B002KAOLGC Like 'em but not very comfy These look good but are not as comfortable as some of the other sneakers I have. Granted that the other sneakers are more in the $100 range. These look hip, so 3 stars for me.
B002KAOLGC Looks Great, A Little Uncomfortable Love the ways these look, nice simple look that is great to just throw on and go out the door.  The only thing I'm not too hip on, and maybe this is different for some, but the back of the shoe rubs pretty intensely against the back of my ankle.  Probably won't be a problem for everyone but after wearing these for a few days hoping they would break in, I'm still stuck with a raw spot.  Overall though great shoe, and if not for the one issue it would have gotten a 5 star rating.
B002KAOLGC 1 year update I used these for 12 months. got compliments and it lasted very well. durable a good buy 10/10 would buy again
B002KAOLGC Five Stars Nice shoes!
B002KAOLGC Love my Puma shoes I use these both for work and when I go to the gym they look really nice and they are quite comfortable.
B002KAOLGC tgh GLAD THEY WERE ON SALE. COULDNT THINK OF SPENDING 61 00 FOR THESE. THOUGH STILL GOOD BUT A LITTLE cheap.
B002KAOLGC hubby loves them My husband was really pleased by the price! He loves the look & fit. Best part is it can be casual dressy.
B002KAOLGC I own 3 of these in different colors These shoes are SO comfy. To be honest, it beats converse! I have three different colors of pairs of this shoes and man I love it! It's very good for dancing too! I breakdance and this shoe makes it feel as if I'm barefooted! PUMA ROCKS!
B002KAOLGC good stuff product met my expectation and I can wear that at any season. I really recommend this product to everyone. thanks
B002LE8NZW Very Disappointed In the photo, this jacket appears to be a form fitting minty green silky material.I have a similar build and appearance to the model in the ad as such I could picture how I would look. I ordered the large so I expected a slightly baggy fit. When I opened the box, I saw a hideous "Celtic Green". The jacket in no way resembled that advertised.It was almost as if the seller ran out of the originals and dug into what he had hanging around. I am not an overly whiny person and can usually adapt. I can not even wear this. I should have returned it but I gave it to a friend instead. Next time they should depict this more accurately.
B002LH4SOO comfortable I really like these flip flops.. they are really comfortable, these are my second pair, I got them to go on vacation.
B002LH4SOO Ok I guess I bought these flip flops not too long along and initially thought they were great. I live in South Korea and it is monsoon season so it rains constantly. When the shoes become wet, they squeak and slide off. I guess as long as I keep them dry they're great.
B002LH4T5W Awesome! Simply beautiful and sporty.  I've gotten tons of compliments on these. Well worth the money... They fit perfect too. The shoe laces are not the normal type lace either, but they still work.
B002LH4WCW Comfy shoes Sneakers are very comfortable and live up to their name.  Great buy.  They are great for my back and can be worn everywhere.
B002LH4WCW PUMA Women's Roma So hard to find this classic sneaker. LabeLust.com and Amazon, who could have asked for abetter combination? Factory fresh Puma's hard to find, best price and shipped free with Amazon prime. These sneakers have the classic look and more comfortable than the (Speedcat) driving series they have.  Would recommend if they are still in stock.
B002LQJSJ0 Comfy & Stylish I've been wearing these for about 2 months now. They are light and comfortable. There's not much padding in the sole, so I wouldn't walk or stand in them for too long a duration, but otherwise, I'd recommend purchasing a pair.
B002LVUYK2 Great Shoes I found this shoe and am a big fan of Puma, Where I live there is a very small variaty of Puma brand shoes. I received these shoes in a timely manner just as Amazon said. The shoe is very light and very comfortable. They also give great support. The only negitive I have is the plastic smell they have when I got them. They still weeks later have that smell. you can smell them standing up (I'm 6'3") and still can always smell them... No one has ever told me they can smell them. But I can...In closing I would not buy these perticular shoes again because of the smell but would buy from This Amazon Retailer again...
B002LVV0GE its comfortable it is light weight...flexible and gives good comfort..I liked it from first day..good job puma.
B002NKM94A My sister loves it I bought this for the 20 y/o sister as a Xmas gift, she rides the bus to/from work. She was very happy.
B002NKM9K4 Cute for everyday and a night out! I love this wristlet. Its the perfect size for a cell phone, makeup, and money. Love it!! Very cute and Stylish.
B002NKM9K4 Great on-the-go wristlet I absolutely LOVE this little wristlet.  I was looking for something that would hold my cards, cell phone, and essentials while walking across campus.  I did not want to add anymore weight to my backpack and juggling a purse and 40 pounds worth of textbooks can get a little frustrating.  This little wristlet is a great addition.  I've used it through college, vacations, outtings, etc.  Can't beat it.  :o)
B002NKM9K4 Cute handy bag - like it a lot This little bag is good for causal outing. Small enough to just let it hang on my wrist and yet enough space to keep my wallet, cell phone and simple cosmetic.
B002NKM9MC Puma purse review I personally thought the purse was smaller than what I was expecting, but it was a gift for a 23 year old and she said it was perfect.  She wanted a smaller purse for when her big one was not needed.  She used it right away as she was going out to visit and meet new people.  Since she was pleased, I was pleased.
B002ODEYE4 Great Price, Great Jacket Great Price, Great Jacket. My son loves this jacket, he wears it all the time. It's easy to wash. Looks great on.
B002ODEYE4 Very happy! My son loves his jacket! Excellent quality and comfortable...We had bought the matching pants at the store but the jacket was not available in his size; so we were happy to find its exact counterpart.
B002ODEYE4 Love it!!! My 11yo bought this for himself and he wears it every day.  Fits well, washes well, and gives the warmth expected for a track jacket.
B002ODEYE4 Grandson Loves It My grandson loves this jacket.  He's 8 and uses it for golf, it's soft, and fits in his golf bag. I may have to get a 2nd one, as he wants to wear it all the time.
B002ODEYE4 My Son's Favorite Jacket It was like pulling teeth to get my 10 year old to wear a jacket.  He saw this at a local department store and loved it.  But, they only had one in his size and it was damaged.  So, I searched and found it on Amazon.  He wore this thing all the time.  It was not bulky, but kept him warm.  It was sporty and stylish and he was sad to grow out of it.  I would definitely recommend this jacket to others.
B002ODEYE4 9 year old loves this warm up jacket Can't get our boy to take this jacket off. He loves that it's full zip, matches everything and can be worn to school in Spring and onto the soccer field.
B002ODEYE4 Happy Eight Year Old My grandson has slowly become &#34;aware&#34; of fashion and what is cool and what isn't.  I ordered this based on the reviews and he thinks his new jacket is pretty &#34;cool&#34;!  Yeah Grandma!!!  jmg
B002ODEYE4 Great jacket that washes up nicely True to size.  It has worked out perfectly for a boy who leaves it on the floor in the gym to get trampled on- wash it up and good as new.
B002ODEYE4 bien nice
B002ODEYE4 who is quite happy with it a gift for my grandson, who is quite happy with it.
B002ODEYE4 Jacket Did Not Match Pants I thought that because the pants were PUMA as well as the jacket, that the navy colors would match but not so.  Returned both items
B002ODEYE4 He loves it. I got this for my son, because he was addicted to hoodies. He would NOT go to school without a hoodie! Over the winter, I weaned him to a jacket (sort of ...felt...?), which was quite warm. But now it's warming up, and he looks a little silly in that fuzzy jacket, running around, not to mention that it's TOO HOT for it.But he still insisted on wearing it, so I got him THIS jacket. Today is Day 3; so far so good. He likes it a lot; it looks nice. Better than a hoodie, but still casual, obviously. Haven't had it through the wash, yet. If it holds up nicely in the laundry, I'll leave it at a 5-star, since it seems to be a good product.
B002Q9XHCQ Excellent Jacket This is by far one of my favorite jackets!  I love the way it looks and it's pretty comfortable.  The only thing I don't like about it is zipping it up.  It creates a little convex at the bottom when you zip it up which doesn't look very stylish, otherwise I would zip it up all the time to connect the white bar.  Also, the pockets on the outside are stitch from the inside to create an inside pocket on each side which is pretty convenient.
B002Q9XHCQ loves it baught on line because a lot of stores do not carry a lot of Puma and this jacket fit the bill
B002QEBJBW Fantastic Top! This top is fantastic!  I love it for casual work days or going from my home to the health club.  It fits perfectly over my work out tops and tank tops.  It is a little see through, but since I only wear it as a cover up, it's not an issue.  I also recently wore it under a t-shirt for an Iowa Hawkeye game.  It was perfect!  Not bulky at all, but still roomy so I could move around in it.  I have a 3 year old, so I'm constantly moving, and this top helps me feel sporty, but it is also functional.  I highly recommend this product.
B002QHW56M Kids Puma velcro sneaker, great buy My wife complained it was hard to find cool sneakers for our kids. Lucky to have checked Amazon we were able find a great selection and service with the merchant LabeLust. They had a cool Puma kids style easy for our son to put on and take off. The velcro closure made it easy for him to put on and take off. I will return to LabeLust for more good service and cool sportswear.
B002QHW9I6 Fabulously Fashionable! As soon as I bought these sneakers for my son, my sister-in-law mentioned that I needed to pass them along to my nephew. They are so adorable and stylish. Love them. Will buy in bigger sizes as my son grows.
B002QHWAJE Great Sneaker My niece enjoys wearing these sneakers. She never wants to take them off! They have a great non slip sole.
B002QHWASA positive there is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safely
B002RFQJD8 no title Grandson wearing them for indoor soccer.  He says they are really good for the type of playing surface he plays on.  Much better than the first indoor soccer shoes he had.
B002RFQJD8 Great soccer shoes for turf and short grass I used them once at this point. And they seem very durable and so far they feel comfortable even in the first use. At this point I would by them again without thinking.
B002RFQLMM lace all in all i got exactly what i wanted. for my first cleats it was perfect but only thing was that the holes for the lace was not that strong or either i tie them to tight :) but i was perfectly satisfied.....
B002RFQLMM decent cleats comfortable, light, and great athletic cleats in general. BUT if u play on a grass field, it will dig into the field alot.. a little too much traction for my taste which leads to ALOT of dirt on the bottom of ur cleats by the end of the match. Also i found that it creases easily so that takes away some style points. But i'd recommend it because they are nice cleats
B002RFXETK Pretty good shoe These are a little wider than I would have liked for my size but it's still a pretty good fit and comfortable enough, but most importantly the shoes have held up through 3 pretty intense indoor sessions and are still going strong.  I was a bit concerned when, after 2 games part of the heel fell off of the sole but it is pretty minor (only a small chip)and doesn't affect how you move at all.  I did have to add a little super glue to the sole just to make sure it didn't get any worse but so far that's it.
B002RFXETK Shoe Review I bought these for my boyfriend because his old ones broke.  He LOVES them and says they are very comfortable! I think he received about 3 days after I ordered them too.
B002RFXH06 Great cleats These cleats are great! now if only the snow would melt so i could go and try them on grass instead of turf. These cleats are okay on turf fields but i think they would be 2x better on grass. The only problem with this cleat is that it is about a half size small , so order a half size up at least. Also the spikes/studs in the front are pretty short and i hope they dont wear down after a year or 2. Other than that they are awesome and they are only [...] bucks! These beat any shoes around $[...]
B002RLBC8E There is "puma" written behind ankle The advertisement makes it look like there isn't any writing on the socks, but the word &#34;puma&#34; is written on the ankle of the sock.  Nothing special about these socks overall.  They are just average.
B002RLBC8E I have a question Am interested in purchasing these socks but can anyone advise what is signification of  # 39-42 under socks. Thank you.Can you please answer my question.
B002RLBC8E I like them! Although they are pretty thin so I don't imagine them lasting very long. They wash well and haven't shrunk or anything.
B002RT8FM2 Stylish and useful. Hello,I have long eschewed the use of bulky conventional wallets which bulge out. 2 reasons : 1) I dont like something sticking into me while sitting down 2) Aesthetically, its displeasing to have a large bump on your rear end. I started using slim holders with a zipper to hold my driver's license, a couple of credit cards and maybe whatever little cash or coins I carried.Usually used the conventional rectangular shaped holders, loved my slim holder from Bally (Switzerland). But lost it recently. Was on the look out for something like that when I ran in to this.This wallet is pretty large 5 inches from its tip to tip in length and 3.75 inches at its broadest side. It comfortably fits in the rear pocket of a trouser and its large enough to fit in quite a few cards and cash / coins. It is slim, so it wont stick out like a normal wallet, when you have it in your trouser's rear pockets.Its extremely slick. :) Shiny textured leather and the ferrari logo embossed on the rear, and the puma logo in metal on the front.I went for the red colored model, and I am happy with my purchase.Its zipper is sturdy and the overall construction (stitching, etc) is excellent quality. I can see this one lasting me quite a few years.If you are concious about your appearance and like a slim and cool looking accessory, go for it.I love puma shoes and bags, which I used to buy from the Puma showroom in downtown Stockholm, Sweden. Well, this is one more puma product I like. I hope Puma starts releasing its latest line in the US as well. Their European line is much more racy.Thanks,Kaushik
B002RT8GAI Too big! This is such an awesome bag but its HUGE. I checked the size before I ordered but when I got it, it is more like a carry all or over night bag. I usually carry big purses but this was just too much. It has a cute zipper in the front and plenty of space inside. The shipping was fast and I never have any problems purchasing with Amazon. It was everything it says just not for me.
B002RT8GK8 so so I bought this bag for my nursing stuff.  It's okay.  Not impressive.  The size was much smaller than I expected.  I was looking for something similar to my awesome books-a-million tote that I got as a free gift a couple years ago and for that reason I guess I was a bit disappointed.  It's hard to guess what you're gonna get based on a picture.
B002RT8GTO WHAT A TROOPER! I GIVE MY BAGS A BEATING AND THIS THING HASNT EVEN SHED A PIECE OF SEQUINS. VERY DURABLE AND VERY CUTE!
B002RT8H7U for kid or mom or dad i like the size of this.  my three year old or myself or my husband can wear it.  you can't pack a ton but you can bring what you need for a day trip.  it was wonderful to have in Disneyland!
B002RT8H7U Nice Looking...But Small I purchased this product when I purchased a pair of Puma sneaks. I love the shoes, but the bag is on the small side. I am still carrying my back pack from when I was in school and wanted something a little more stylish and while this Puma pack is cute and stylish there simply is not room to carry everything I need to carry in it (a couple books, wallet, lunch, etc). I didn't return it though because my husband said he'd use it. I see men at work come in to work and leave empty handed. I don't know how they do it, but I guess all a guy really needs is his wallet. I think this bag will probably work for guys, but not for us ladies and all the stuff we need (comb/brush, books, wallet, vitamins, makeup, lotion) and a bunch of other stuff we probably don't really need but carry with us juuuust in case.
B002RT8H7U Great little travel pack! For starters, I bought two of these packs, one black, and one gray, for myself and my wife for our trip to Washington DC. I just want to say that I love that these packs. They are so spacious inside. I like the smaller zipper pocket inside to keep valuables or coin. I thought that these were just the right size to carry souvenirs and maps, as well as snacks and waterbottles. We never had any issues with them. One small complaint is that the straps could be a little longer, because once the pack was full of souvenirs they were getting a little tight, but still it wasn't uncomfortable or anything.Pros:Decent size for traveling or sightseeingSmall valuable pocket inside keeps things in one placeLarge enough to accomodate more than a few itemsLooks great!No nonsense included (extra pockets or straps or any other unnecessary junk)Cons:Straps could be a little bit longer
B002RT8H9I bike bag Larger pouch fits decent amount of things.  Smaller one is a bit narrow but can fit blackberry and a chapstick and a few small items.  Also stays nice on shoulder..and unisex!  Very practical for bike riding or hiking - so hands can be free.
B002RT8HL6 I LOVEEEE IT!! This bag is perfect. I use it for traveling, especially long distance. It fits all my needs....laptop, books, wallet, hoodie, etc. Everything you need on an airplane.
B002RT8HL6 A lot bigger than I thought....... I love this bag...and what I take it to be is fake leather is very soft, the handles are soft as well and it doesnt dig into my sholder like some bags I carry. However, it was alot bigger than I thought it was wich is great because I needed this room for my school supplies.
B002RT8HNE Super cute I get so many compliments on this bag, I take it to the gym and it holds all my stuff just fine.  It's been awhile and it's not wearing out or showing signs of wear anyway.
B002RT8HV6 Happy so far I love the look and feel of this purse.  It has plenty of room to hold all of my "daily junk".  The inside pockets help me organize some of those items.  It is a great size for over-the-shoulder; it's not too big and doesn't knock things off shelves as I walk by. The only downside I found, is that the opening is somewhat restrictive.  I HAVE to take the purse off my shoulder in order to get anything in or out.  It isn't the worst thing in the world and I may just be used to my old purse, which was gianormous.  Overall, it is a very good product.
B002RT8HXY VERY GOOD PRODUCT I RECOMMEND THAT THEY SHOULD DO HIS PURCHASES IN THIS SHOP IT IS IT WOULD BE AND ADDITIONAL THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, PEOPLE WOULD BE AND PERSON IN CHARGE. REMAIN TAKEN PLEASURE WITH THE PURCHASE AND THE ORIGINAL OF THE PRODUCT
B002RT8I1U meant for my macbook pro i bought this to protect my precious investment macbook pro that i just bought. i love it"
B002RT8I38 Puma i oredered this bag for my wife , after her mother saw it she loved it so i ordered another one for her mother : )
B002RT8I38 Lovely! I just received the Motion Shopper bag today and my first comment about it is: the green is much greener in real life than it is on the pictures.  Indeed, I was not expecting a green THAT "dark".  However, I have to say that this bag is lovely! The size is smaller than I expected, and I'm pretty happy about that. There are a lot of pockets (one outside and 3 inside).  I recommend this tote for this summer! The purple is so vibrant!
B002SSUUCA Ouch. I am so disappointed.  I walk to work, and I wanted a cute little shoe to wear instead of flip flops that were hurting my feet.  (God forbid I wear actual sneakers.)  These hurt SO bad.  They rub on the heel, the top of the foot, and the little toe.  I could hardly walk.
B002SSUUCA disappointing i too am someone who walks to work, and that description of these shoes is exactly right. I was looking for something to replace my puma sabadellas since they don't seem to be making any new ones of those. These fit a little bit bigger than the sabadellas and do not have nearly as good a sole on them. Without thick socks they rub your feet raw, and my feet really are sore at the end of the day, which they are not when i wear either my sabadellas or esperas.
B002SSUUN4 Everything I wanted Nice and light. Supportive. It's not the ultimate running shoe but it will certainly replace my walking uggs this spring when it's not quite warm enough to throw on flip flops and not quite cold enough to wear uggs walking back and forth to the car or office. I also wear them in the gym and they are perfect for stationary equipment and aerobics.
B002SSUUN4 Puma I like the shoe. Felt funny walking in them the first couple time cause of how the toe is turned up a little but now it is fine.
B002TKKKFY My preteen loves this Bought this as a Christmas Present. My daughter looks so cute in this. She wears it over jeans or pants and it looks really nice. The colors are bright and vivid.
B002U0KKXK My husband loved them I purchased these for my husband. He wanted something with wicking ability when he works outside in the heat. He tried them and loved them. He said they were very comfortable and kept him cool. From my perspective, he looked pretty cute wearing them!!
B002U0KKXK Anybody BOXED!!! For the guys long in the ... This fits the guys perfectly, and absorbs sweat and allows you to do all of the sports.  Does not get hinkey after being laundered either!! My husband really likes these.
B002U0KL0C Comforatable, stylish, affordable My wife bought these for me (actually I am writing this review from her account) as a gift, and I am very pleased with them. They are comforatable, have held up well after multiple washes/dryer sessions and she really likes them as opposed to my usual boxers, so I recommend to other's if you are looking for quality men's undergarments.
B002U0KL20 Great for Workouts I purchased this product to wear for working out and running.  They are great.  They act similar to compression shorts in that they hold everything in place but are not as tight as compression shorts.  They also breath extremely well, are lightweight, and feel like there is nothing there.  The only downside is that the pouch is a little small.  I would definitely recommend this product.
B002U0KL7A Comfortable and Cute and my Boyfriend loves them Title says it all. The waist band is fairly wide and thick so it doesn't roll like some do. I have large muscular legs and the leg straps are comfortable as well.I will be buying the another soon!
B002U0KL7A Puma: Function and Fashion Owned Puma briefs and trunks (and socks), but never their line of jockstrap; in fact, never knew of their existence. Like all their other sports gear/apparel, the fit is great and very comfortable. Love the breathable material. The color palate and design is so fashionable that it's a great use even outside the gym.
B002U0KL7A puma jockstrap well made & hot looking--good price--sexy---sturdy--recommend it w/ the matching underwear==prompt delivery---enjoy itcheck out other jockstraps on AMAZON--great prices
B002U0KL7A Very nice and comfortable This jockstrap is really nice, and enjoyable to where. This jock is comfortable and feels nice. It doesn't feel tight or bunchy, and t stays cool and comfortable. The puach does feel a bit small, but not really a big complaint because you don't really feel it.
B002U0KL7A Puma Men's Active Liesure Jock Strap,Blk Love this Jockstrap. so comfy, stitching isnt perfect but have had no problems, so far. a little pricey for the quailty of the product but all PUMA products are pricey.
B002U0KL7A Fun and sexy and functional Title pretty much sums up my feelings.  It is functional, yet sexy.  Cane be worn for workouts, under jeans or to greet a playmate at the door.
B002U0KL7A Poor Poor Craftmanship I like to wear these when I work to keep everything well positioned, which they do just fine. My problem has been after a couple of months of use they are starting to fall about like nobodies business. The leg straps are fraying and the pouch seam is starting to come apart as well. I own other jocks, and haven't had problem. Won't be buying anymore PUMA ones though.
B002U0KV16 Great shoes just broken too quickly I love the shoes. It works great on hard floor surface or thin turf field. Too bad the edge is broken after a year. So I guess the durability is not that good.
B002U7PZHY Meh.... Looks great...lacks precision on the second hand which is why I needed it.  Keeps time will, but the second hand does not strike the numbers correctly.
B002US8MGY Excellent Choice. They are comfortable and  great. Excellent choice. They look even better in your feet and they feel great. The only thing I suggest is to ask for 0.5 larger size than the one you usually wear.
B002WC7ZZC TOTALLY IN LOVE!! I have no words to express how much in LOVE I am with these shoes.#1 The were delivered FAST#2 Size = PERFECT#3 Color and shape = just as advertised if not cooler...Comfortable and soft like wearing a glove. RECCOMMENDED :)
B002WC86HI i hope u enjoy it it's a nice prodauct form puma and i enjoy it to bogut the shoesthank you puma...........  Bahaddad al Hazrmy
B002WC86HI IMAGE DOES NOT DO JUSTICE Awesome shoe, the gray pattern is not as visible as image makes it appear. Standard PUMA quality, expect nothing less. Thank You AMAZON for large sizes!!
B002WC86HI Awesome really are incredible shoes perfectly aligned seams, plus the level of detail prints are perfect leather, the soles are amazing but they are a little tight I recommend buying half of its highest height measurement.
B002WC86HI puma men's drift cat II sneaker it's a nice product and i like it very much. it's comfortable and fit very well. I recommended.
B002WC8740 Perfect Very confortable, excelent to wear with jeans. I always buy nike for my boy and me but this Puma are another experience. We really recomended
B002WC87O0 Almost perfect I use these shoes for freerunning.  The combination of natural running position, fully predictable traction, and extreme lightweight is nothing short of outstanding.  However, they wear out quite quickly with sustained use.
B002X78OCO look great. REALLY comfortable though there is not much padding in the sole these shoes look great and are comfortable. there's not much padding in the sole, but i've found these are the shoes i'll always reach for since they are so comfortable and i can walk all day in them in the carpeted office or on short errands. they were comfortable from day 1 with no pinching or scraping.
B002YD8I1O OK, but not great In person, these shoes dont look as good as they appear in the pictures. Mine was 1/2 size smaller, but I just decided to return it rather than replacing it. It is very light, but I doubted it's durability.
B002YD8I1O Great!!! These are the best light weight shoes ever, you forget you have them on they are so comfortable it isn't funny
B002YD8KIK Excellent ExcellentI recommend the product is the perfect size to order, I liked the product enough.Thanks for the speed.
B002YD8KIK snug, wonderful Pumas the shoes are pretty snug and take 1-2 days to work in, as most pumas do. they are soooo comfortable. almost like floating. there is no specific impact points anywhere on my feet with these shoes. they run a half size small (so order a 1/2 size larger than usual shoes, ie. nike, reebok, adidas) the mesh is not see through, so sock color doesnt matter. laces are plenty long to tie and work with. light weight! and the textile material is durable. it will not get ruined on a wrestling mat, volleyball court, track, or street. the toe construction is solid to withstand some contact with the real world. two thumbs up on these adidas. my feet do run a bit warmer than i was expecting with the mesh construction.
B002YD8P9E PUMA Men's Tazon II Sneaker,White/Puma Silver/Black They arrived on time, in good condition and it's been a month and they haven't fallen apart, so I'm happy.
B002YLG0ES Order 2 sizes more These are cut very small and you need to order 2 sizes extra larger because they shrink if you put them in the dryer. The elastic also will not hold up in the dryer so these should be hung up to dry.
B002YLG0ES Comfy and stylish I'm a huge Puma underwear fan! They are very comfortable, durable and super stylish!! They are quite hard to find so I make sure to buy half a dozen each time I find the right color and size!!
B002YX0YJ8 Super light weight and comfortable Very light shoe. Stiff sole and tread. Good for urban use, since the tread is simple and fabric is fairly thin. Great summer sneaker.
B002Z12R4E Cute but... These are cute shoes on your feet, but once you have worn them for longer than 30 minutes they start to hurt. Every time I have tried to wear these shoes, I've gotten blisters on my pinky toes. Also, the shoe doesn't form to your foot when you walk. It pouches out on both sides of the widest part of the foot. Socks. No socks. It didn't matter. I actually bought these for a trip to Japan because I knew we would do a lot of walking. It didn't end well.
B002Z12RU8 Very pleased Quick ship, nice shoes.  Purchased as a gift and recipient was very pleased with the shoes.  Much better value than purchasing at brick and mortar store.  Very Happy!
B002Z12RU8 love em I am very happy with my new sneaks.  They are very comfortable to walk in, exercise, etc.  The best part was that I paid less through Amazon!
B002Z12RU8 Awesome shoes! I was really pleased how fast the shoes got to me! It only took 3 days and they were exactly what was pictured. They are so cute and comfortable! I would recommend them to anyone:)
B002Z12SV6 Wish I bought more of these I wish I had found these shoes sooner! I would have  bought a bunch in different colors! These are the most comfortable flats, and I could walk in them all day. I would definitely recommend this product!!
B002Z12SV6 great product, poor service from shoemania The product is excellent and it was in very good condition. However there was a mistake with the shipping recipient which I caught early and then wrote an e-mail to shoe mania who never replied to me.
B002Z12SV6 Must have shoes! Ok i have to admit that im a puma fanatic. I own many pairs of puma's but i reckon these ones are the best i own. They so comfortable, can wear them all day. Planning on buying the other color as well. These shoes is a must have!
B002Z12TZG Comfortable, stylish, perfect!! I had these before and they got messed up. I'm super happy I found them on here. They're perfect. SUPER comfortable, stylish. I get a lot of compliments on them. I would def recommend these to all the ladies. And the colors are perfect.
B002Z12UJG Nice shoes, thank you very much. I brought this shoes because they look nice. When I got them I was so excited and I was happy that there were as described. Thank you very much for this shoes, they are amazing.Thank you again and I hope to do business with you soon.
B002Z12VYU So comfortable!!!! I bought these shoes because of it's reputation of comfort, lightweight and for my Zumba class.  It's like wearing socks with soles and it comforms well to your foot after you wear it.
B00301ECDC Is my shoe decomposing? Don't buy these shoes unless you have $ to throw away! The grey area is made of some crappy rubber like paint that starts to crack off after the very first wear. I was so upset about this but by then, I already threw away the box and it was over a months time so a return was no longer an option.Don't get me wrong, they are very comfortable but they look busted after just 2 days of wearing.
B00303GWY2 I liked them a lot Exactly as the picture. The little dots you see are not printed but like little holes (ventilation system, I suppose). They are gray because the interior is gray. I would assume that in the pink option, they would be pink. I only wish there was a better way to purchase shoes without trying them on. They were a little bit big. But with a 7 year old girl, buying shoes is never fun or easy.
B00303GWY2 Great little sneakers Got these on sale for my 15 month old granddaughter, and they fit perfectly. Also flexible and well padded. Highly recommended
B00303GYB8 PUMA ONCE THIS SHOE WAS WASHED IT DEVELOPED A BROWN STAIN TO THE FRONT.ANY SUGGESTIONS AS TO HOW TO GO ABOUT REMOVING IT.
B0030BFBUK like walking on clouds fits well and it's super light! like walking on clouds. i got the one with the orange trim...the orange is a bit bright compare to the one on the picture but it's okay...it's a minor thing. perfect shoe for working out.
B0030BFF5Q Love these! These are very comfortable and provide a good amount of support. I like them because they're more stylish and less bulky than traditional sneakers. I'll use them for all my cardio and spin as well.
B0030BFH3Q good pumas buy them on sale and purchase was excelete, I saw and loved from the first moment, I use them daily. Recommended
B0030KMONS Hmmm If i was a young boy they would have been wonderful! returned them because i read description wrong these are NOT MENS they are BOYS thankfully i am not the only one that has done this. AHEM..
B0030NLDXC Shorty This dress appears so cute online, but when you get the product you realize it is shorter than most similar dresses.  The girl's bottoms will most likely hang out.
B00318DGKY Looks great on males or females This jacket looks nice on. I am a female and I received lots of compliments on it. The only thing is if you throw it in the wash with ANYTHING with color, the white parts of the jacket turn colors. So be SURE to wash it alone.
B0031O0ESK Great Buy Got this for a friend. works like a charm....great buy..and looks great. Gets pretty dicolourd after a while but a good rub down works to get it back.
B0031O0ESK awesome! its more precious, delight and excelent having it!!! is one of the most great gifts I gave to me really
B0035RQV08 Cute jacket A lightweight jacket that I bought for my little girl to match some Puma Hightop sneakers. Very cute
B0035RQZPO Not really reversible The shorts arrived exactly as they looked online, good looking and nice quality. However, if you want reversible shorts as described in the title, don't buy these shorts.  The tag and inseams deter use of the other side.
B00361FPD2 Nice hoodie! Stand out in the crowd of hoodie wearers! I love this hoodie.... A cut above your run-of-the-mill hoodie.  Nice pleats on top of the shoulders, heavy draw string and nice finish accoutrements over all! Recommend.... Good for gym work-outs or as street wear.
B00361FPKK Super Cute & Comfy! Love the shorts.  I bought them for running and they are great!  Comfortable and cute - what more can you ask for?!!
B00361FQ40 Best Running Shorts I've Ever Had I am a serious runner, doing multiple marathons, half marathons, etc. every year. As such, I have the opportunity to spend a LOT of time in shorts, and I have used MANY pairs of shorts. I originally found these Puma shorts two years ago and they quickly became my favorite. They are very lightweight, comfortable, AND flattering. Anytime I run a race, especially a marathon or a half, these are the only shorts I use because I know I can count on them. (26.2 miles in bad/uncomfortable shorts is pure misery) They are great in both warm and cool weather. I love the drawstring and the inner pocket. I would wear these shorts for everything, but I found myself wanting to 'save' them only for long runs or races, so I wouldn't wear them out. After more than two years, they are still in great shape. I was absolutely thrilled when I found them on amazon! Now I have a couple pairs and can wear them all the time. These are hands-down my favorite shorts of all time.
B00361FQ40 Still not sure... I'm still not so sure about these and have left the tag on them for that. They do have sewn-in underwear so that's a plus depending on which way you like it.  I ordered an XS and they are actually a little less fitted than in the picture - they seem to bellow out at the sides, and I'm not really all that sure that I'm a fan of that.
B003627KV6 arrive on time why not sell items, like backpacks, shirts, trousers, watches, belts, if the bender could buy some more
B00368BS8Q nothing skinny about these skinny pants bought the size small:  seems to run large, and the legs are wide -- they look nothing like the form-fitting picture displayed.still giving 3 stars because the material is super-slick and yummy to the touch.  they are really, really comfortable.just wish they weren't wide-legged and floppy.
B0036B8UY8 Perfect!!! I ordered these for my daughter and she loves them! She doesnt even like wearing sneakers but she wears these. Shipping was very fast too!! Great seller no issues!!!
B0036FTBL0 Great looker but the trim falls off (fairly quickly) As per title. I actually glued it back on and it lasted longer than when I bought them. Additionally the web toe area faded badly destroying the look of the item. All in all its better to buy something else, shame.
B0036HVQCA Comfy and breezy Chose this because I don't like shorts with the mesh brief and these are just what I was looking for.
B0036HVQCA puma shorts these shorts are great. they're very light and easy to fun in. some type of support is necessary though as the material is somewhat translucent and they come up pretty high on the leg
B0036HVQCA Inseam description wrong... or I misread ! Bought  these because I do not like the fabric hitting my knees when running or playing.  The inseam in the description says 5.0 ... actual 7.0 ... too long ! ... REREAD the item page and I guess what I thought was 5.1 inches is a Brand of Puma.... website says 6.7 inch inseam.  SORRY PUMA - I did you wrong with this review of 2 stars, changed to 3 stars  but returning anyway.
B0036HXFNS Short shorts, no pockets These are great for soccer, a bit on the short side though.  They are very lightweight and airy.i'm 6'4" tall and they ride a bit high on my thighs.  Nothing too uncomfortable, but i would like to add 3 inches to them.I still use them every saturday for my games.
B0036HXFNS Shorter than the picture shows Bought these for my husband and returned them because they hit mid-thigh, not almost to the knee as the picture shows.
B0036HXFNS No pockets, basic short There are no pockets, and when I purchased this item the description didn't say whether or not there were pockets.  The material is mesh, it looks / feels nice.  I am returning the item.
B0036VN9I0 Just what I expected I liked it but it was for a present. Sent it overseas and the report was that he liked it and it fir right.
B0036VN9MQ Fits ok. Design wise, some features are need careful review to spot Fits ok like my other puma apparel. Design wise there are some feature which are not immediately obvious in the picture but upon careful scrutiny, it is possible to spot but it came too late for me.For example the collar. I wanted a crew neck i.e. round collar but this t-shirt came in slightly v-necked collar. After I received it and looked at the picture. Realized it is there but I didn&#8217;t spot it. my bad.Also, the rear of the t-shirt is slightly longer.  Would have preferred it to be of the same length all round but I guess something I should have spotted as well. As a result, it gets 3 stars. Material is nice and comfy though.
B0036VNBA6 Great Shorts! My bf loves PUMA and these shorts are great. They are long and comfortable just the way he likes them.
B0037KMNAU Satisfied I'am 100% satisfied with these sneakers and would recommend it to anyone else willing to spend a few bucks in good sport shoes.
B0037KMNAU Great Workout Shoe Bought these for my husband, he wanted shoes for working out and they are perfect. Great feel, great look, very comfortable.
B0037KMNAU Comfortable Loved the way these looked on my nephew, they were a gift to him. Shoes were meshed so his feet were able to breathe, you definitely need thin socks for these shoes.
B0037KMNAU Do not buy these shoes These shoes would probably be alright if you stood or sat around all day, but don't ever kick a soccer ball with these shoes. I did. The toe of the shoe developed a small split. Within a week the split was 2 inches long.
B0037KMNAU Very comfortable, but a little hard to get on I love these shoes.  They are very comfortable, very smooth, look very nice.  My only issue is that they are a little difficult to put on, I needed a shoe horn.  But after a month, they have loosened up a bit and I can just use my fingers to get my heel in.  i wish they offered more color choices though, Navy and white would look really nice.
B0037KMO1S Good Cute Shoe I disagree quite a bit with the previous post. The shoes were very comfy as I expected them to be.  The are well cushioned on the inside and are made of a soft cotton canvas upper.  They bend easily for extra comfort. I got them for work and got tons of compliments.  Unfortunately,  I walk quite a bit at work and these shoes have met the end.  Great shoe for a little bit of cute comfort... probably not as durable for work.
B0037KMO1S Excellent product! Product Quality for a great price. Sporty and casual, for any event of this level, comfortable and tailored, Thank you!
B0037KMO1S Great shoes These are quite comfortable and really cute. I have average width feet with an average arch. I am a true size 8 and these shoes are too. They aren't sized to wear socks, and when I tried dress shoe liners the heel cushion on these kept pushing them down. With bare feet, they are quite comfortable and don't press or rub anywhere, certainly not made of hard plastic! Probably the only thing that I wish was different is that just slipping my feet in them pushes the tongue forward uncomfortably. Have to hold the tongue in place while I slip my foot in. I should probably just add a couple of stitches to hold it in place and solve that problem.But in reference to an earlier review, if you do don't find them to your liking, maybe return them instead of throwing them in the trash.
B0037KMP6W Puma Lover These are my FAVORITE!!!! I love the neon pink and silver combination and I think the black soles are unique.
B0038QP3C8 the benny breaker sneaker these shoes are nice, and they have a great stylish casual look with almost anything you wear.downside is, they get dirty very quickly and take some time to break in.i would prefer sticking with the puma suedes. they much more comfortable out of the box, but other than that, they are very similar
B0039PTHKC Handy and cute. Love the color, love the pattern, love how lightweight it is.Usually, the bigger bags mean they're heavy, and it just adds to the weight I put on my shoulder...this one doesn't.It's lightweight (not cheaply made though).Definitely a casual bag, but totally cute.
B0039PTI6K awsome bought this one a while ago it was beautifull just a bit smaller than i spected but its still in perfect condition... i just loved it
B0039PTJNC PUMA CABANA A PUMA excellent portfolio, FACINANTE ONLY IN THE MARKET FOR A TASTE OF MY WIFE, VERY BEAUTIFUL AND THE COLORS ARE AMAZING THE ORANGE IN VIVO.
B0039YOGPE Great Socks Thes socks were exactly was I was looking for. Very thick padded for little kids' running feet! They fit and are comfy for my daughter.
B0039YOK1E Puma girls socks Great socks, soft, good cushion, and pretty colors- coordinate with many of her outfits. Only draw back/ plus is that they are much bigger than anticipated so though not good for immediate wear, she'll definitely grow into them
B003AIKPNQ Cute Cute Cute! I bought this for my son to wear to soccer practice.  It's such a cute shirt and fits very well.  No complaints!
B003AU4PYE SO cute on my 1 year old! We love them, they are not too clunky for my beginner walker, and they look so cute on my little guy. :) Love them!
B003AUHEU6 Fits like a charm! Even though the 2010 World Cup is over, and my team (Italy) was eliminated early on, this is an EXTREMELY nice training tee (jersey). I have a small frame but it fits me perfectly. Seriously, I could sleep in this thing if I wasn't so worried about ruining it before the 2014 World Cup!  The material feels great over bare flesh and it feels really durable. I proudly wear this out randomly, I just wish I had ordered two.
B003BNY2DY great long sleeve top Really like that this top is long sleeve and easily layered over a fitted tank or sports bra. Note that it is slightly translucent, but contrasting colors look dope underneath. you will want to wear something underneath, or get asked to leave the gym... Keeping the need for an under-layer in mind, you may want to get a size larger since it's still fairly fitted, plus the kangaroo pocket looks better sitting lower (centered on your abs), than right under your bust line, too small might make one look short-waisted. Good quality, good design, thumbs up
B003BNY8QK Valentines gift for my lady. At first a little difficult to use. But my lady loves it so if she is happy then so am I. It does everything as described allows her to continue to keep track of her calorie burning even after we are done on one machine at the gym and moving to the next.
B003BNY8QK Very confusing. I've used this maybe 5-10 times. Its doesn't have clear controls and directions. I would have to look at manual any time I wanted to do something. If the buttons were less confusing, this product would be 5 stars easy, but I don't want to read the manual EVERY time I use it.
B003BNY8QK Works great! Everything works well. Very easy to use once you figure out the settings and the button layout. Very happy with the purchase so far!
B003BNY8QK great buy the item is not heavy (at least for a 25 year old guy) as other buyers have stated. very useful. I use it daily
B003BNY8QK It works. It works, but someone has already stated, whatever the cheap plastic is that its made of, all you have to do is look at it funny and it screws up the face.I could only see it being used in a sterile room, and don't touch it.
B003BNY8QK good Good product is good and i like this brand I used it in other occasions and I want buy others
B003BNY8QK great producto for the price easy to configurelooks greatuseful information for beginnersnumbers are a little difficult to see in certain circumstances, but it's OK.
B003BNY8QK great product it has a nice shape and colors works perfectly, In my opinion this is a great product and also is puma
B003BNY8QK I expected Better from Puma Very difficult to read.HRM is very difficult to turn off.Overall quality is not what I expected from a brand like Puma.
B003BNY8QK very nice I am always getting complements on this watch. the timer helps me at work, while I manage the gym and the hrm is quite cool as well. Too clear any confusion the hrm does come with a chest strap
B003BNY8QK Product Very happy with the product on time and fulfilled the agreed time of delivery the product fulfilled all my expectations although the time is a bit dull but it looks good
B003BNY8QK Wish I never bought it most disappointing purchase I ever bought.Lots of reasons.  The band is short, and cant even go under the second loop, and I do not have thick wrists.VERY complicated to modify times, you have to spend much time figuring it out.The display is extremely difficult to read, you have to squint.  Even the light button barely increases the visual.I recommend looking for something else, I know it looks cool from the package, but you will not be impressed.
B003BNY8QK Excellent purchase First purchase I do hereby seemed serious and responsible ... I recommend it! .. that is why I give it the highest rating ...
B003BNY8QK great device love it use it at the gym all the time. I have run many half marathons and a full marathon with this heart rate monitor and works great. even at the gym the heartrate belt syncs with the tredmill. love it
B003BNY8QK Not worth it The lens is so dark you cannot read the anything on the display. I could not tell if the monitor works well because you cannot read the display.
B003BNY8QK Looks great  and does it job well for the price This item looks stylish on my wrist and i like all the basic features it is equipped with for tracking. Probably a great a choice for this price range. Only discomfort is its hard to read the red digital display on a black background. you can read display only in bright light. I would have prefereed white digital display on a black background.
B003BNY8QK I like it It's very easy to use, nevertheless I think would be better a little bit more bright in the screen, sometimes is difficult to see the hour.
B003BNY8QK what new but, broken I ordered this since im younger and had Christmas money right of the back. Yet when receiving this I clicked the light and their is a red smurg in the back of the back light. not to big a deal but disappointing very disappointing. I ignored it yet when I kept looking I couldn't take it. again I'm young so I don't know how to get a &#34;new&#34; one or replace or whatever... I need help
B003BNY8QK Nice This is an excellent product I'm surprised it's a good material and resistance it's amazing I love it so good
B003BNY8RE exc purchase I bought this for my father because he started to do exercises, and now he only uses that ever for use in a daily basis...very similar to a Polar
B003BNY8RE Not as cool as advertised The display is hard to see most of the time and the lighted graph is really a sporadic series of lights that don&#8217;t display well when you are on the move, or working out.  The Heart Rate monitor works with the treadmill at LifeTime Fitness so it has that going for it&#8230;
B003BNY8RE No good I would suggest before sending your product to costumer please check all functions and make sure that it is in satisfactory condition. The strap did not work at all...
B003BNY8RO Unreadable It had all the features I wanted, but The face is iimpossible to read, with it's dark background and red numbers/lettering.
B003BNY8TW To be honest... It was fine.  Not at good as it looks in the picture but it works and all.  It had many more features then i thought it would have.  It seems to be fine as of now.
B003BNY8UQ Puma watch comments This product is very suitable for women, the design is beautiful and it seems practical for all occasions. Perfect for sport or for any time of day. This product was a birthday gift and complained about some details of its use. There are some cons that have to do with the configuration. For any woman is not easy to put the time, alarm and other extras. This model could be better designed to manage and activate their functions.
B003BNY96E Watch sent damaged This could be a cute accessory but when I opened it I saw that the bezel is scratched (the plastic cover on it was pulled back). As an enthusiastic purchaser of PUMA products, it's a shame that they sent me something like this. I suppose this will be my last Puma purchase. For $70, you'd think Puma would offer a replacement. So far, radio silence.
B003BNY96E Qualidade da Pulseira - plastico O desenho do rel&oacute;gio da Puma eh bonito e adequado para o p&uacute;blico jovem, sua pulseira me pareceu fraca e o material eh pl&aacute;stico que endurece com o tempo.
B003BNY96E Beautiful! Better than i expected Bought this for a friend but once it arrived and i saw it in person, i LOVED it.  Might need to buy this for myself! Very stylish. The &#34;gold&#34; trim looks more bronze than it does gold.
B003BNY96E It Didn't work Beautiful design, the one that I chose to go to the gym but I got sad when I received it, I had to turn it back because it didn't work.
B003BNY96E beautiful I was looking for a sport and beautiful watch, and this one is exactly this.. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!!! I recommend
B003CIPRB4 Great deal All all puma items the jacket is great. It is a lightweight jacket and the materials and design are excellent for daily use.
B003DTSPHA Nice and shaped Branded shaped, designer stylish...For Daily activities, good to give it a try, heavy and lastingHard black Rubber bands
B003DTVEFK AWESOME >>>> !!! It's Awesome and I love it...!!!!!!! Could not have asked for a better one..! So cool...YES IT IS SO GREAT!
B003DTVEFK non water proof after having it for about a half year, do not use it often unless going to gym or outdoor sports. finally water went in after a few hours of body boarding in Cuba. soooo not impressive.Another thought it was good for outdoor only, because it's hard to read indoor.
B003DTZI7A Not exactly white This was a gift for my daughter who is a nurse.  She specifically requested it on her Amazon Wish List.  Although it appeared bright white on my monitor the product is a dull dirty white.  She seems to like it but I didn't care for the looks of it.
B003DTZIGQ HOW START?? I bought one but do not know how to start it!Can someone tell me how?When I received the package does not work!To do something in particular?
B003E1BXBC Looking good Just what I was looking for but are really mid tops not high tops.  Loving them!!  I would highly recommend them.
B003E7128A Stylish Understatement A beautifully classy yet informal piece. It's shimmering blue and gold colouring makes it very distinguished and handsome. Stylish understatement, comes to mind. It's not only fashionable, but practical as it's comfortable on the wrist, easy to read and you can wear it every day if you want because it never looks out of place. I admire attention to detail, so I personally really like the tastefully placed Puma logos on face, latch, band, and side of the crown, which adds just that little extra touch. An exceptionally well-designed piece that I recomend for anyone. I've had this watch for about six months without a hiccup and I honestly can't find fault with it. As a perfectionist that's not something I say often. Definitely worth more money!
B003EE48UM Art for the artist Very cool sneaker. Christmas present for my pal the graffiti artist. He has several pairs and is a big Puma fan and now I am too. Can a guy in his 50s wear these things?? Sure he can, who cares.
B003EE48UM Great sneakers very comfortable, looks great with jeans and shorts. the sneakers come with two different set of laces so you can decide how to combine them, highly recommended!
B003EE48UM THE PERFECT GIFT I BOUGTH IT BECUASE I GAVE IT TO A FRIEND ANDHE WAS VERY HAPPY ABOUT IT, HE REALLY LIKE IT
B003EE49MY Recommended Over all, these are decent, wear around sneakers.  The only thing about these that is a little annoying is that the insoles are made of rubber.  When you go to put your foot in it, it tends to bind up your socks.  Sliding your foot all the way in can take a little finesse.  Other than that, once they are one, they are comfortable.
B003EE49MY knockaround Bought these  &#34;old school&#34; shoes to wear,just for running errands. Would not recomend for extended wear or for playing a sport. I had to replace the insole for better cushioning. I should say that I am not a light weight (215lbs.).Perhaps that would account for the need for a better insole.
B003EE49MY GREAT THEY LOOK MORE CASUAL IN THE PIC.. THEY ARE KIND OF Y'ALL Y'ALL... KIND OF GUETTO SHOES, BUT STILL VERY COMFORTABLE AND TRENDY.
B003EE49MY Noisy Shoes are OK overall.Inside at the very back it has (? leatherette) vertical insert.  When the foot goes up & down and heel has some friction against it the shoe emits squeaking. Supposedly thick sock could eliminate it but did not try yet.
B003EE49MY Glad I got them! I've always had great luck with Puma athletic shoes. No retail store in my area carries them. I found the style and size I wanted thru Amazon and ordered with great satisfaction. Fit great and just as I remembered!
B003EE49MY Exactly what I wanted I bought these as a birthday present for someone and the size ended up being accurate. He is enjoying them. Good buy.
B003EE49VA I love them The package arrived on time and the shoes looked exactly like the ones in the picture, they are so comfortable and stylish, i tell everyone where i got them and how quickly i got them so thank you!
B003EE6F6C Son loves them! Comfy and fast! is how he described them. The shoes seem to have a great sole and are well made.
B003EE6F6C Perfect This product was just that I was expecting. It was two-days shipping.I purchased 7M toddler but I'll noticed later that my baby is 6M toddler,I dont care about that, I'll just wait for a month or two to start using it.It looks so cute on my baby feet.
B003EE7NMW Good purchase No regrets at all as this sneakers beat my expectations. I would buy it all over again whenever the 'black' returns online as my cousin eventually took this from me.
B003EE7NMW Happy My husband is very pleased with this purchase. It is very hard for him to find shoes being a size 14/15 therefore is awesome that Amazon can procide for him. Thanks!
B003EE7NPY Awesome! This shoe is beautiful!  The maroon is really deep and the gray areas are a little shiny/metallic which really makes them pop!  Can't speak on fit cause was a gift for brother buthe loves them!
B003EE7SSQ Great soles These shoes are almost petite, and make my feet look small. I love the colors and the attention they bring. But what I love most are the soles. The rubber nubs soften my step and give exceptional traction, especially in dirt, mud and on anything soft. They have a downside though--they pick up debris like it was their job. I am so terribly careless when I walk that there is always something stuck in them, waiting to be tracked indoors or fall out in clumps while I walk. I don't consider it an issue though. It's just what happens when you own shoes with such cool treads. I have walked on sooo many things in them. I often wear them to my messy grocery store because I know they will grip on what people have spilled and dropped. It feels great to step on it and have my shoe grip. The parking lot is the messiest, as there is a fast food place in the store, and people just throw their trash and half eaten food down on the ground. Burgers, chicken, hot dogs, french fries, they are all there, and I just stride over them as if they didn't exist. I rarely slip at all--the treads just bite in. Depending on what I stepped on some, or all, of it will be embedded in the treads, or be marked with the nub pattern. A burger roll gets hundreds of dents from my sole, a burger will often be at least partially stuck in the tread, especially if I twist a bit to gain traction. Later, in the store, I will leave greasy Puma tracks and sometimes the stuck food will fall out, showing the impression of my sole.
B003EE7SSQ Adorable Cute shoes for running around town. They are super comfortable. Would not suggest for long distances but can be mixed and matched with lots of different items. Would recommend.
B003EE7SSQ Can't get enough I've now purchased four pairs of the Puma Speeder, and it probably won't end there. I wear these shoes everywhere: to work, to walk the dog, to casual social events, etc. I get compliments constantly on these shoes. They look great with jeans and are nicer looking than standard "tennis shoes." I work in a laboratory, am typically on my feet for 6+ hours, and these shoes keep my feet from getting too tired. My boss even compliments these shoes!
B003EE7SSQ Awesome and comfortable shoes! I wanted to give my wife something she would love to show, Once she was on the computer looking at stuff on AMAZON, she showed me these pair of PUMA... I decided to give them to her and, well, she was right, It was an excellent purchase!
B003EE7SSQ Not Red Pumas are great shoes, and I love the style of these. They fit great and are true-to-size, but they are not red as the picture and color names suggest. They are coral.I have a lot of casual red in my wardrobe and I bought these to go with red hoodies and T-shirts ... I decided to keep them because I have other pieces that they match, but if you're looking for a red sneaker, this is not it.
B003EE7TSU excelent choice! My daughter really loved the sneakers, they're comfortable and really cool (that's a direct quote) plus a great price! (: totally recommend them
B003EE7TSU Puma Future Cat Remix These were a gift for my son. He loved them. The fit was perfect & so was the service. Thank you, I love doing my shopping with Amazon
B003EE7TSU You have to find the one you like. Speedcats, Replicats, Future cats, all make it very confusing. But the puma craze for lightweight stylish sneakers continues.Laces don't run down the middle, but if you look hard, deals can be had, assuming you find the right style, size and color from a trustworthy vendor, if not Amazon.I like 'em, as well as my 4 other Speedcat variants. Quite comfortable.Prices can be very volatile, so one day it could be ~$100, the next $34.95. Sop carefully and throw a few of you're to choices in the 'save for later' section of your cart, and watch as the prices fluctuate, and hopefully to a point acceptable to you, and hope you size hasn't run out.Happy with these sneakers.
B003EE7V8S Very nice shoes - Get lots of compliments Aside from being difficult to get on/off (canvas doesn't stretch) these shoes are amazing.  The colors are neutral and appealinig.
B003EE7V8S As usual, great Pumas My friend described these as "Like Converse, but classy" and I would have to agree. They look great, are solidly constructed, and fit fine. My only complaint is a lack of cushioning around the Achilles. I quickly built up a small callous as a result of the hard edge rubbing through my sock. Unless you're planning on walking all day every day, I don't think it's a big deal.
B003EE7VVA yellow indeed My sister is a yellow fanatic and loves puma. So when I gave her these as a gift, they were on her feet before I could say Merry Chris...! So far no complaints on the sizing and comfort. Unfourtunatly they are suede so she can't really wear them outside the house till the winter is over and snow is gone.
B003EE7XGS They are so cool for your little one. Have them as an adult, they will look really cool on your little one. P.s very comfortable in adult sizes as well.
B003EE7XGS pumas The shoes are super cute. The laces are very slippery and they don't stay tied all that well, but I am sure once they get some good wear they will tie just fine.
B003EE7XGS Spectacular My baby you are beautiful, the combination of colors is very striking, a conventional design, but obvious, very well crafted, I always buy my baby shoes puma, I like their designs and quality.
B003EE7XGS Great sneaker! Very well made sneaker. Sturdy and is taking a beating from my 2 year old. I just wipe them clean and the end of the day.
B003EE7XGS For My Girl Child Nice tennis shoes replacement, they are good for child who use orthopedic stuff, i recommend it, very good materials made.
B003EE9GYU one uh da best i got these in white..... ive walked in the recent ny snow storm ,in dirt,grass and these have no stains on then at ALL i luv them and they fit like a slipper there perfect....one of the best sneakers ive had than comes my af1 and then oreo 6 nd my supras
B003EE9GYU PUMA Sneakers by far the most Comfortable! Like I said in the title, very comfortable and sleek looking too. I have found that Puma's are always comfy and they last/endure lots and lots of walking. If you are going to Europe, be sure to bring a pair like these, as European cities facilitate walking, and I mean lots of walking. These shoes are stylish, and they are perfect for such use. One note, as a Male-adult, I have found that one size larger than normal is ideal for these shoes.
B003EE9GYU Puma speeder sneakers This is one of the best walking sneakers I've ever owned and I've owned almost all of the leading sneaker brands.  The unique feature of this sneaker is the sole.  The design gives you the feeling that you are walking on a blanket of air. However, the sneaker does lose much of its "walking on air" effect after about 300 walking miles.
B003EE9KNW Nice sneaks! My sneaks arrived as scheduled and are just as expected. Very comfy and very cute!  I'm wearing them right now!
B003EE9L0E feels like you are waring moccasins This is one of the best styles that PUMA makes, and i am so unhappy, that they have stopped making this style.  with that said, this type shoe is very hard waring and extremely light.  almost like you are wearing moccasins, i have bought 4 pairs just so i will have some when they can no longer be found.
B003EE9M08 Excellent. 100% Recomendable. This product meets all my expectations referring to quality and design. They are so comfortable such as a glove for the feets.
B003EE9M08 Puma Men's Drift Cat III This Puma shoe is very comfortable and fits perfect. I can't say anything about the price is very reasonable and it looks sharp.
B003EE9MQM love these Pumas! These sneakers are so lightweight, the first thing I noticed. My daughter loves them, we got a great deal on them too. They're so comfy too, the "most comfortable shoes in my entire life" so she says.
B003EE9NC0 Fits good Had to replace my earlier model of Drift Cat because they were too snug in the front and these were perfect. I have some wiggle room for my toes and room for thicker socks if needed. This style is great looking.
B003EE9NC0 IT WORTHS EVERY CENT IT'S SOFT CONFORTABLE AND BEAUTIFUL. I LOVED . IT WAS A GOOD DEAL . IF I COULD I WOULD BAY ANOTHER ONE. IT'S SO BESUTIFUL.
B003EE9NC0 Nice i love puma shoes and thought these would make a nice addition to my collection, well I thought right. The pictures really don't do these justice. the only problem that I have is that my jeans rub on the material above the heel and have caused some discoloring, a blueish tint. would be perfect if not for this odd material.
B003EE9NC0 Puma Shoes Since the moment i saw this rare Pumas i knew i had to get them for me, they are of great qualityand very nice looking and i was very pleased with the shipping time, Overall i had a great experience
B003EE9O4W Great shoes for nice weather These sneaks are great for warmer weather. They are thin, light, and good for the little feet to be active. My 5 yo loves to wear them, because he thinks they are very comfortable! He carries them to school to exchange with the snow boots this while winter.
B003EE9O4W These were so cute - did not run small for us I ended up returning these b/c all of the reviews said to go 1 size up. I ordered an 8 instead of a 7 for my 2 yr old daughter and they were much too large. Maybe it's also a question of width of foot? I will definitely re-order though when the time comes...So cute!
B003EE9O4W Four Stars light shoes my son loves that he can put them on himself
B003EE9O4W Cute and Durable My son moved up to the older group at daycare and they go out to the playground twice per day so I needed to make sure that he had a durable and comfortable shoe.  Even though they're a little pricey, they were totally worth it.  They fit him comfortably and they're not too bulky for early walkers.  They're also super stylish and people commented on how cute they were on him.
B003EE9O4W Great sneaker Great sneaker, price pretty reasonable. It's very comfortable, reasonably durable, looks pretty good. The price is decent. My kid likes these shoes too.
B003EE9O4W Good fit My son likes the style and they are not to big so he will not trip while running. The straps make it easy for quick on/off.
B003EE9O4W Cool shoes! Super cool shoes for our 3 year old. They are very easy to get on and off. I'm hoping he will start putting them on himself soon. He loves them! They do get dirty rather quickly, but I imagine an occasional run through the washing machine and air dry overnight will do the trick.
B003EE9O4W Tons of compliments My 3 year old loves these shoes and so does everyone else.  :)  Easy to get on and he love to run in them.
B003EE9O4W Great everyday toddler shoe My 3yo son wears these almost every day for 6+ hours at preschool. This particular color works with a lot of his outfits and fits well. Easy to get on/off for us in our hectic schedules. It does fit a bit snug compared to the suede Puma sneakers we bought. Still, I would buy these again for when my son grows out of this one.
B003EE9O4W Four Stars hope this helps consumers!!
B003EE9O4W good My daughter love it.... and it fits good and everone love her shose in the family she also love the colors
B003EE9O4W Look Great and my boy loves them. Fits well and looks great. We will see if they hold up to my 3 yr olds abuse. These are our first Pumas.
B003EE9O4W GREAT MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS WEARING THESE YESTERDAY. THEY'RE GREAT AND VERY NICE LOOKING. WOULD BUY AGAIN. I LIKE THE VELCRO CLOSURE.
B003EE9O4W Love it! Beautiful, confortable! Just as expected!
B003EE9O4W cute Very nice sneaker. I needed a sneaker for my 6 year old with straps so we don't have to tie his shoes every hour. Looks very nice and easy for him to put on and off
B003EE9O4W these look amazing I just got the shoes out of the box and they look amazing.  Sometimes when you by velcro shoes at a larger size (11) they don't look good, but this was not the case.  I know my daughter is going to love them just waiting for her come home from her dads so she can try them on.
B003EE9O4W good product. these shoes were as expected ,thank you , very usefull  for kids.hope you can try puma products .good.
B003EE9O4W Puma Holds UP This product is made very well.  My three year old boy races around in them all day.They are easy to put on and take off.The velcro has not worn out after 4 months of heavy use.This color scheme Grey/Red goes well with many outfits.These shoes have exceeded expectations and get many compliments.They do run a touch big but thats not an issue usually for children since their feet grow so quickly.
B003EE9O4W Fashionable and functional My two year old loves these. They are cute and she is proud of herself bc she can basically put them on herself! Great buy.
B003EE9O4W cute these are real cute. I ordered the island green/vibrant yellow. The green is more greener than expected. from the picture i had thought it would be more pastel but the suede part of the shoe is more green than i had hoped for. they are still cute but a bit of a let down.
B003EE9O4W great! Son loved them and love that they do not have shoelaces. Also great colors and style, would highly recommend for anyone
B003EE9O4W nice but the suede parts get worn looking really fast My son loves these shoes and says they are comfy.  However the suede part is really nasty looking after only a few months of light wear.  Wouldn't buy again.
B003EE9P14 puma etoile suede steel gray nice sneakers.  have always been a puma fan and own 3 pairs.  the only reason for 4-stars instead of 5 is because the 'tongue' part of the shoes are a bit rougher than my other pairs and tends to rub a bit more against the feet.  not a big problem even with low-cut socks but could be made more comfy (softer fabric or cushioning).
B003EE9P14 The Wife Loves These I purchased these a while back from amazon for the wife and she absolutely loves them. From what she has told me they are very comfortable and form to your feet which is great for running. A Must buy.
B003EE9P14 Great shoes Beautiful shoes to use with jeans on everyday life. I do not recomend them to jog because the skin is really delicate.This color gray is perfect because goes with everything.The only thing not good I have to say is the size, Im usually 6, and i bought them in 6 of course, but they are a little bit bigger than other brands. This are my first puma, I usually have bought skechers for this kind of use.But in general it was a great choice, really beautiful and comfy!
B003EE9P14 Nice sneaks I do like this shoe...packaging was great and time of delivery was great.The suede is a good added touch to bring in the style and they are very comfortable to wear and walk in.
B003EE9PBY these were cute My daughter wore these for quite some time. The little rhinestone accents are tiny but, never the less adorable. She received good wear from these sneakers.
B003EE9PXM unsatified customer The back of the sneaker kept rubbing againist my heel (bandage, cottonballs) would not help. So I gave them to my daughter.
B003EEBB16 Well made and comfortable I wear a size 14, and these shoes still look good even at that size. Not only that, but like most Puma shoes, they are well made and durable. They are very comfortable to wear when walking or driving in any condition. They keep your feet warm and dry when it's cold and wet outside, but aren't so insulated as to make your feet sweat when it's warm. Well worth the price.
B003EEBB16 Puma Rio Racer The Puma Rio Racer is a great sneaker.  It's comfortable, light weight and looks good.  I will purchase two more styles to add to my wardrobe.  It shipped exactly as was estimated to arrive and shipping anything out here to Guam usually takes 2-3 weeks but my order came in 7 days, awesome.
B003EEBB16 Great shoes all around. I got these Rio Racers (in red/white/black size 13) for a great price which was I think about $24. They are really good looking and comfortable. They look fantastic with a red t-shirt and I'm wearing them right now. And although I wear them only for fashion purposes, there's no doubt in my mind that they could perform very well as running/walking shoes. Snug all around the foot and easy to slip on and off with the laces still tied.
B003EEBB16 Pumas These shoes are exactly what I wanted.  They took a day or two longer than expected to arrive, but I suppose that's because I ordered them at a bad time.
B003EEBF80 Comfortable and sporty and cute! These are the third pair of ballet flats I own, and the only ones that my feet love.  They did rub on the heel for a very short time, because of the elastic hugging the heel, but after a short while, I grew used to them.  Now I love them- with jeans or rolled up jeans, a wonderful option as we're transitioning from boots to flip flops here in Indiana!  I've had several people stop me and ask me about them, so they're cute as well as comfy!
B003EEBF80 Awesome!! True to size, great looking, unique slip on. It definitely gets lots of second looks! Can't wait to find more colors!!
B003EEBF80 completely not comfortable This shoes is beautiful. But it is not comfortable at all in the back, as a result you can not wear it!
B003EEBGQQ Nice shoes Chicks dig me when I wear these. This upsets my wife so I just wear them when I'm at home.
B003EEBGQQ great gym shoe i have been wearing them at the gym for 2 months now still in good shape nice and light i use them on the tred mill . just wish they had a little more arch support
B003EEBGQQ Nice buy These shoes are comfortable. They are kinda snug so you might want to buy one size larger than normal. Other than that, they seem well made and should last a long time.
B003EEBGQQ Comfortable as well as stylish. Great price, looks good no matter what casual pants you wear them with. Well made.....great shoe and priced to sell..
B003EEBGQQ Bigger/more perforations in this sneaker I bought this as a replacement for a Puma Turin 2 sneaker.  This one feels just slightly narrower, but it's overall the same shape and fit.  Puma's always take a few days to mold to your feet.  It looks great and they are comfortable.There are more and bigger perforations in this one vs the last one.  When it is windy the cool breeze can be felt in the shoe.  They will be good for summer and fall, but probably too cold for winter, unfortunately.  Also, I was concerned how the perforations would be in the rain.  It seems that they do let some water in.  The top lining and my socks were a little damp after walking in the rain for about an hour.
B003EEBGQQ A++++++++ My husband love it so much !!!! Really comfy he won't take them off !!! He want them for running but when he got them he just take them to work and pretty much every where ...
B003EEBGQQ Great for casual wear Love these shoes for casual wear, they look great and are pretty comfortable.  I never intended to run in these because I need stability control and shock absorption...these shoes, in my opinion are lacking both.  But did I mention they look good!
B003EEBGQQ excellent Shoes came in quick after the order was placed. No issues what so ever. They look even better in person. My fiance loved them.
B003EEBGQQ Uppers tore easily I had these shoes for about six weeks when I noticed the uppers had a large tear down one seam. I do not remember catching them on anything. I was outside the return window so could not return them. Closer examination showed the material on the top side of the shoe split right down the seam.
B003EEBGQQ These attract women... I agree with one  of the comments... I am good looking guy I think ( no purpose on lying here since i don't know you.... And don't want to know you) but I found mysel turning are fe and saw girls of all ages starring at my shoes ... Bottom line they are cool ..period.
B003EEBGQQ Puma men`s cell turin are lightweight and comfortable carzado excellent for sports, walking or running principarmente.Many liked the variety of colors that have &iexcl;Artamente recommended!
B003EEBGS4 Great buy, comfortable and solid. This is my second Repli Cat pair. I prefer them to the thinner and carved sole because they're more comfortable to walk with. The design looks great, and they are true to size. Can t complain!
B003EEBGS4 Made for racing, but I wouldn't walk in them I bought the Replic Cat sneakers for a specific purpose ...as a sim racer it is difficult to wear regular sneakers/shoes when using pedals such as those on the Logitech G27 or theThrustmaster T500RS Racing Wheel.Having thin soled shoes helps you "feel" the pedals. Before seeing these shoes I had been racing in socks for many years.The good news is they work superbly for the purpose for which I purchased them.But as daily footwear these left me in agony. I do have foot problems and these simply exaggerated the issues. No cushioning beneath your metatarsals.Youth has it's advantages no doubt :) and I remember the days where I could wear anything without worrying. My guess is these only appeal to the younger crowd and would therefore find favor.If you have any foot issues I would avoid.
B003EED3WG SOX DIRTY Shoes are good looking but they get your legs and sox dirty like crazy. I think this is what you get when you pay $30 for PUMAS
B003EED7Y0 Great Puma Sneakers. they seem to be a good qality made. so casual, elegant, not too sporty, that's great if you dont want to look like youre going to work out all the times. They look pretty nice. Go get them
B003EED7Y0 Excelente product and delivery. Great product. Nice shoes! Everyone near me was asking me about the shoes and where did I buy it! It's very good. The delivery is great too. 5Stars for you.
B003EED8VM a bit dasappointing fits well, by the sewing on the side trim came loose, and the method of complaining to puma was not practical for me
B003EED8VM Five star service! Great, fast shipping- even from across the country! They are a perfect fit for my boyfriend and he loves them-- and I loved the price ;)Thank you! Def recommend!
B003EED8VM Venkat Looks good, comfortable. On the other hand, there are cracks/marks developing on the upper leather side due to walking..that too in just two weeks!
B003EEF1CQ Look fantastic with a small price to pay in return. Very stylish shoes and very durable. Only two restrictions are the price and unfortunately the uncomforted feeling you get after wearing them on long strenuous activities, (cycling, walking, running) that is very annoying and somewhat repelling. Nevertheless for everyday use they work flawlessly. 80/100
B003EEF1CQ Awesome My shoes are so friggin' sweet.  I almost want to cry every time I look at them.  (Dictated and not read)
B003EEF1CQ Awesome!! I wanted something red and bold, and that's what I got. These shoes are really nice and I have already gotten numerous complements on them. They are also very comfortable, which doesn't hurt!
B003EEF81U Very cute!! I got these shoes for my little guy because he was a little frustrated with trying to tie his shoes. These shoes are great for that preschooler he is ready to be self sufficient but does not have the know how yet. They are great for the independence they offer and they look good.
B003EEF8VU Adorable! I purchased these for my daughter to wear for her ZumbAtomic class; she loves them! They never rubbed anywhere on her feet or caused any irritation. I will be buying these shoes again in the future (or their updated version.) She gets a lot of compliments on them, especially since the red stripe is glittery!
B003EEF8VU Child can slip on himself, very durable. My son is a runner.  It is hard to find Velcro shoes that don't light up or have characters on them, but that he can freely run in (the plain sneakers are all All-Star wannabes and clunky).  These fit the bill.  Comfortable, he can put them on himself and go.That said, they have not proven durable.  They look shabby and worn.  We typically buy canvas Keds or Strideright, but, because of his penchant to run, run, run all day we sought out these types.  The materials have not proven themselves.  After three months, we need to buy a new pair.  Perhaps that's just my son.
B003EEH7NM Goods are very bad Goods are very bad and is not the same as my request that the goods are differentThere manufacturers defect clear there is a difference shoe
B003EEH7NM Cute sneaks I love these, but they don't have princesses on them and they aren't pink so my daughter doesn't wear them very often.  They are, however, very cute and she gets tons of compliments on them wherever we go.  Not sure when I'll have the patience to teach my daughter how to tie her shoes (I have Amazon reviews to write!), so the velcro makes it easy for her to put them on herself.  My only issue with these sneakers is that the tongue tends to slide down into the shoe.  It's weird.
B003EEH7NM So flippin' cute! I got these shoes for my son and am totally pleased. They fit true to size, are comfortable for him and look adorable. He loves them and didn't want to take them off! Both of us are stoked about these. Definitely recommend.
B003EEH7NM puma vulc kids sneaker is great for my kid It fits perfectly on my 5 year old kid. he just loved it and wans to wears it every day.
B003EEH7NM Love them Very cute.....my daughter absolutely loves them. She wanted to wear them the minute we took them out of the box!
B003EEH7NM so happy with this purchase my son loves his sneakers. they are a perfect fit. very comfortable. will definitely purchase again. very happy with purchase.
B003EEH7NM Puma Excellent Choice! Easy to put on, close, & clean, these sneakers are perfect for play and dress up.  Particularly great value when purchased during 20% off promotion, full price might want to consider others as well.
B003EEH7NM great simply I love it .. looks amazing on my kid .. very good packing ... Honestly I kept the pack for potential future use ...
B003EEH7NM Great little shoes very easy to put on. be sure to spray with suede spray as ours started to turn blue. love them though. will be looking for more colors soon!
B003EEH7NM my son enjoys looking at his feet now I can't say for sure if they are as comfortable as they look, since they are on the feet of my not -quite- speaking yet toddler and not my own. But since he seems proud to be wearing them and they coordinate with a majority of his outfits, I'd say we are both pretty happy with them.
B003EEH7NM Love it My daughter was so happy with these shoes. She can take them off and on by herself and they are very cute and well made. Good fit too.
B003EEH7NM My 4 yr old son loves them! Perfect shoes for active toddler!Easy for him to put them on by himself.He loves that he can wear PUMA shoes just like his dad & mom :)These are the 2nd pairs he owns and will buy them again!
B003EEH7NM skater shoes These shoes are very cute but too wide; classic &#34;skater&#34; shoes and we had to send them back. Nice colors.
B003EEH7NM Bought two pairs for an outdoor kid... We bought two pairs for outdoor playing and they lasted a long time.  Endures lots of wear and tear.  Eventually the sides start peeling off - but very late in the shoe's &#34;life-cycle.&#34;
B003EEH7NM Nephew loves them Purchased for my nephew, and he loves them. He's very rough so the black will withstand. The Velcro is also helpful!
B003EEH7NM watch the sizes We ordered a toddler 11. They seemed small and not any bigger than the 10 1/2. We went to the Puma store in the mall and their 11's (same model) were much roomier. These may have been mislabeled or from a batch of seconds. Not sure, but they had to go back.
B003FZ9DXW What girls will do for cute shoes... So cute, however not so comfortable. I had to wear them like 15 times before I broke them in...I loved them so much I was determinded to get them to be comfortable. After all that work, they are pretty good...not for exercising or walking for hours but good for normal activities they're good.
B003FZ9TYA Great deal!!! I can't believe that I got these for $35. Can't beat amazon prices! They are very comfortable. Based on other reviews I bought a 0.5 size larger and they fit perfectly.
B003FZ9TYA Great shoes , I recommend it Comfortable, right size (Some PUMA models runs smaller), I'm satisfied with the product. Be aware that these shoes gets dirty extremely easy.
B003FZFTA8 So comfortable and great for work! I usually wear size 8.5 but I ordered size 9 after seeing the product review.  That fits me perfectly and it's so comfortable for work (I stands and walks a lot at work).  Since I used this pair a lot, I do hand washed them frequently and it stayed new =)
B003FZFTA8 LOVE Got back to work at an office after working in a warehouse.  I wanted comfortable shoes that would look good with slacks or on casual dress days.  I also knew I would be doing a lot of field work.  Love these.  Sooooo comfortable and cute!  I will be buying another pair!
B003FZFTA8 NOT THE USUAL PUMA. . . I am a great Puma fan, find them comfortable and very cute.  What a departure in this case;.the photos are quite misleading.  The shade of brown is much lighter than in the picture; the shine is blinding.  Not an attractive shoe, and the smell is truly awful!
B003FZFTA8 love these! I have the black ones and I got them in size 8, although my regular shoe size is 7.5, so they do run a bit small as suggested in the other reviews.  They are very light weight and very comfortable.  They are a bit sporty, but I think I could get away with wearing them at work too.  They are great on the weekends with jeans, and I have received a lot of compliments on them.  I have trouble finding comfortable flats, but these are great!
B003FZFTA8 Cute Shoes but... I bought these shoes for my daughter who has several pairs of Pumas but these are not going to work out. They are very cute but they are on the narrow side. My daughter wears 11 and all of her other pumas are in 11 but these shoes hurt her feet. After wearing them about an hour while walking at the mall she got two blisters on both pinky toes. Maybe if I had of read the reviews first I would have made a different choice but this is not our first time buying this brand so I figured it would be OK.
B003FZGOC0 YES YES YES I was so sad to see that this model of PUMA is now extinct! These have become my go to running/working out shoes! Comfort straight out of the box, no "breaking them in" required. They also are very durable!
B003FZGOC0 A Surprise for My Wife & She Loves Them Big hug from the wife when I bought her these Pumas. She's got a particularly specific 'look' she likes to achieve, over a broad range of styles, (if that makes any sense). Got them in blk/wht/ceramic green. They're stylish, comfortable and almost weightless. All in all, she loves these sneakers & wears them often and I got 48 hrs of gratitude :0 and 3 or 4 heart/headache-free days ;), not bad for $65.
B003FZGOC0 beautiful Shoes Arrived in perfect condition, is a highly recommended product and everything I facina puma, are very comfortable and comforting, the perfect colors, arrived on time.
B003FZH80W Very cool shoes as iron man This shoes are fantastic i love it,its ferrari but i see that as iron man shoes very very beatiful buyng this
B003FZH80W Puma - Sl Tech Sf Mens Sneakers, Color: Rosso Corsa/Team Gol I love this sneakers, very unusual model with shiny material which doesn't look too flashy at all :)I took away one star because they run one number small, so you have to consider that if buying them.
B003FZJWW4 Husband LOVES them..BUT YES...THEY RUN SMALL!! I should've went with my gut and got the 10.... my husband is a 9 or 9.5 so I thought getting a size 10(based on reviews) might be pushing it. I should've listened to the reviews!!! otherwise these are REALLY nice! He loves them, especially with spring/summer approaching. material and shipping was great!
B003FZJWW4 Great This was a gift for my girls dad.  It showed up fast and looked great.  My girls dad loves them
B003FZJWW4 Great looking and comfortable as well I purchased these a while ago and love them.I get complements every time I wear them.They feel comfortable after walking in them all day.
B003FZJWW4 Style balanced with comfort The thing I like about these shoes is that they are subtle, classy, well made (mostly leather) and fairly comfortable.No more needs to be said.
B003FZJWW4 Happy Comfy shoes, easy to clean. Sizing is very accurate. Only gave 4 stars as they are not the most supportive shoes, but they look great.
B003FZKU5W Very comfortable! Very comfortable! Size runs normally. Ideal for school. My son is happy with them. I recommend them.Price is right, thanks
B003FZL4YS PUMA Women's Repli Cat III When I saw this on here it looked so awesome. But dont be fooled the material made on this is very cheap and they are not comfortable.. AT ALL! I am a 9 1/2 ' 10 and i ordered a size 10. This shoe is super small still and tight! I couldnt walk for long without my feet hurting. Terrible.
B003FZL4YS nice, looks fine Are very good looking and confortable. Very good buy. Nice construction.We need a diferent size and We have a good experience.
B003GF6SGQ Excellent Most comfortable sports bra ever and it's cute. 100% cotton (except straps, but they feel good too)! If I was able to find a medium size, would buy it again. But apparently they don't make this style anymore.
B003GQ2SQY PUMA is my brand I just gotta say that Puma and I have a very close relationship because I probably have more than 15 pairs of Puma Shoes at home and they never, never disappoint me.
B003GQ6QW6 Not so much review to give I got this as a gift for my nephew, the sneakers looked well done, comfortable and so much for winter time.
B003H6DC5O Most Comfortable Athletic Socks Out There These Puma no-show socks are very comfortable and soft.  They fit very well and the "stretchy" feel is great.  Although they were just purchased and only worn a few times, they show no signs of wear and feel just like they did the first time I put them on.  Great socks for runners or anyone interested in no-show socks (does not come above ankle).
B003H6DC5O not no-show So comfortable but not no-show on my small feet! In fact, they show as much as regular socks. I wear size 7 1/2 mens.
B003H6DC5O Great value in running socks I have not found better running socks anywhere close to this price range. They don't bunch or stretch, and there is a little bit of extra elastic around your arch, a feature I've only found otherwise in more expensive socks.I run 80 miles per week, and these are the socks I use.
B003H6DC5O Most durable socks I have ever owned. I LOVE THESE SOCKS.  The best socks I have ever owned.  Been wearing them for 2 years now and they still haven't worn through the bottoms.
B003H6DC8G Very good quality socks, these will last quite a while, my daughter really likes these socks, the colors are fun too. Very good quality socks, these will last quite a while, my daughter really likes these socks, the colors are fun too.
B003H6DC8G Very good quality These socks are made well and my wife will get a lot of use out of them. these are her favorite
B003H6DC8G nice color but they shrink in the wash they were great but unfortunately shrink in the wash and now I am unable to wear due to the fact they are too low on heel and I do not want my shoe to rub my heel when I run.
B003H6DC8G love 'em already own these socks...love the fit and the wear.  shipped fast!  I got just what I thought is was getting..perfect!
B003H6DC8G Great price Would buy these again my daughter wears them all the time. she was super excited when she received them! Great price!
B003H6DC8G love! Socks are cute, comfy, and affordable. Recommended! Got some for my sister for Christmas and had to get some for myself!
B003H6DC8G Comfy socks Great, comfortable socks.. Good to keep warm but also comfortable. May be too tight when it comes to sweating, however.
B003H6GFWG Puma Socks My son loves these socks they are nice and very durable and thick. I will order again soon. Thank youuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!
B003H6GFWG Nice I Love Puma products! Wish they were as big in the US as overseas! Hopefully one day they will be.
B003H6GFWG Great socks for functional fun I love these socks but I love the bamboo weave puma socks more. Still these are great quality. However I've noticed after many washes they shrink on my feet
B003H6IDQC The purchase of the stirrup. I bought these socks to finish spending what little money left in my credit card, I will not speak ill of them, are excellent socks.
B003H6MCNW Puma Socks My son loves these socks...very hard to find in stores..The only problem I had was when I ordered they came in the white...Amazon told me to keep them and sent me the 3 color pack...I was very impressed with this gesture..I will definitely buy more when needed.
B003ICX504 Good Value These are comfortable, stylish, and durable.  They've held up to distance running and hiking, with plenty of water contact as well.  They still look as good as new after many washes.
B003ICX504 Love these I have lots of these socks - I've had them for years and they hold up so well through lots of daily wear and workout wear.  They have some compression around the middle, which feels great.  I would wear them all the time if I didn't need taller socks for boot weather!
B003ICX504 Fantastic sox These socks work especially well with Crocs because they do not slip off your heels. Also very durable and comfortable. I will definitely order more.
B003ICX518 Good socks Good quality. Great fit. I love socks that have the band around the arch, they stay put. Will buy more.
B003ICX518 Great socks! Great socks, perfect fit for my size 8 feet, they are very comfortable as well! Great quality for the price!
B003ICX518 i love these socks The socks are comfortable I have small feet and have a hard time finding socks that are not too bigWell cushioned.I love these socks.l will be buying more of them.
B003IMJO68 COMFY Incredibly comfortable socks! The only reason I wouldn't want them on my foot all the time is the fact that they are 'running socks' with a section in the middle of your foot for support which make them just a little tight to just hang around all the time in. Very pleased with my purchase!
B003IMJO68 My boys love these... They love the low ride aspect...styling means they are easy to match.  Price is okay, nothing to write home about though.  They do seem to be durable so far.  Time will tell though.
B003IMJO68 Great socks They are comfortable and they fit well. They have mesh lining on the top to create more airflow and reduce sweating. This makes then not a good winter sock, but they are great for what they are designed.
B003IMJO68 Very happy These are well made, lasted more than 30 washes so far without alteration, low friction, not too hot.  They solved my friction problems on the soles of my feet in my shoes.
B003IMJO68 Great Socks! These socks are very comfortable and provide just the right amount of cushion without being too bulky. The netted top is quite nice to reduce bulk and provide breathability. I've had these socks for about 6 months and they've held up very well. They don't stretch out and stay tight on your feet. I would highly recommend these socks to anyone.
B003IMJO68 nice socks very comfortable, fit my size 10 foot perfectly.  Nice material.  We'll see how they'll hold up, but I have every reason to believe they'll do well.
B003IMJO68 Awesome These socks are exactly as described in the product description.  Comfortable, durable, wear well and wash well.  I bought a whole bunch more.
B003IMJO68 Comfy, but prone to tear For the price, these socks are great. They have various levels of padding and tension throughout the sock to help with cushioning where it's needed and breathability where its not. The only drawback I'e found is that they tend to tear if pulled on aggressively, even after very limited use. I purchased a total of 9 pairs of these, and 3 have ripped where the sock material transitions between "thin" and "thick" padding around the ankle.
B003IMJO68 Product is as described Product is as described, in terms of comfort and design. Only gripe is size. May not really fit the 13s.
B003IMJO68 Comfy Socks I wear these socks when running, weightlifting, playing basketball, rock climbing, etc. They don't fall down into your shoe and they don't show too much either. I wear these along with a few pairs of under armour socks I have and I don't prefer either brand over the other. The price on these could be a lot lower (as goes with most socks), but I'll give them 5 stars regardless.
B003IMJO68 Very comfortable low cut sock These are really comfortable low cut socks, as my title states. I wear them casually. They were too low whenever I ran or played sports and my shoes would rub/form blisters around my ankle. That's not a fault of the product, just my sock selection
B003IMJO68 Puma Socks The Puma "invisible" socks are great. I was unable to find anything like these running socks locally except in white, and I needed gray and black. amazon had them. My only quibble is that they are rather small for me--I take men's 13 Puma shoes, and that is the upper limit of what I can find in socks anywhere, so these socks, like all I own, are a stretch. It was easy to find them asking amazon, and the ordering, shipping, and delivery date were all first rate service. Thanks.
B003IMLEI4 Amazing running socks What can I say, they're socks... These socks are amazingly comfortable. The stretch material around the middle of the sock help prevent that falling below the heel effect.  Love the black style with the red pumas, they helped me get over my fear of black socks and shorts.
B003IPY3UM decent good fit, a little softer then imagined doesnt feel like good thick cotton, colors seem to have run a bit in wash... the white with the red writing
B003IPY3UM Puma Men's Socks These socks are very comfortable.  The colors are strongand they hold up well after washing.  I would buy moreof these kind of socks.
B003JFKOTU Socks Love the socks!  Very comfy!  They wash well. Arrived quickly and at a great price.  Wish I had ordered more.
B003JFKOTU Puma sport socks These socks are super quality, no doubt about that. And the colors hold in the wash.  However, for a kid sock, they are too constricting on his foot.I know sport socks are a slimmer fit, but these are actually quite tight (enough so that he has to have me help him pull them on and he's eight!)
B003JFKPB2 Very cute socks I like the colors and I love Puma for toddlers, my favorite. Thank you and I would recomend them to anyone
B003JH8D3M Compliments This bag is unbelievable, is unique. I totally love it. The material is like none I seen before, it is big but not bulky, lot of compartments. Fashion, fashion, fashion all over it and get a lot of compliments.
B003KK6650 Adorable Activewear for My Daughter. This active jacket was perfect for my daughter's various gym and sport classes. It went easily over a tank or a t and had coordinating purple yoga pants that made for an adorable and unique exercise ensemble. Loved it- and I'm sad that she's outgrown it now.
B003KK6664 Adorable Activewear for My Daughter. Toddler yoga pants that can be worn to gymnastics, dance, free play and just about any activity, and look cute doing so. I bought with the coordinating Puma jacket, and it was just perfect for about everything active she could do. Great fit, attractive, and comfy for her. I'm disappointed she's since grown out of them.
B003L5C4I2 Not as shown in the photo I ordered the Heather Grey Hoodie with Lime Green stiching.  The Hoodie arrived Heather Grey with Black Stitching.  It's fine, just little more boring that I was hoping for.Update:  Also, I tried it on the other day, and the sleeves are VERY short.  I'm fairly tall, but usually a Large is fine - I've never had a sweatshirt with sleeves this short.  Ugh.  Maybe I'll return it after all.
B003L5C8HO Great pair of capris but look out for the curling top band I really like the fit and feel of this capri...PUMA did a great job with its overall construction.  It breathes and moves with your body and for intense workouts it definitely holds up.  It gives my hips and thighs a very streamlined look while being extremely functional.  My only complaint would be with the upper band.  Personally I think it's too wide.  I don't mind its rigidity (in fact I really like that part) but because of its width it tends to curl.  Perhaps it's because I don't have a long enough torso.  I feel it bending when I'm doing my crunches or power abs routines.
B003L5C8JW Excellent I recommend this article widely, it's of excellent quality. Very responsible. I am very happy with the purchase and the sweater.
B003L5C8RO Women's Sweat Capri by PUMA They fit nice and are cute, but they are definitely WARM! I will choose somthing a little lighter next time...
B003LJXYG4 Best Shorts I own, buying another pair These are honestly the perfect shorts. They don't hug your genitals, but they also dont hang around your ankles. Butt sweat does not show, they are fashionable, easily washable, easy to run in, and make your butt look pretty good
B003LJXZ5O Great Pants I bought the sweatpants as a gift for my boyfriend and he's been wearing them all the time.  They are very warm and the fleece inside is soft and cozy.
B003LJXZ5O Leisure or hard training I have 2 pairs a 3rd on the way. They wear great/wash great. I weight train in these. Old school yes. Adidas is nice looking. That doesn't make for great results. These are durable/don't shrink.Sizing is excellent.
B003LJXZ5O Great Sweats! I'm 6'-2" and the XL were a little big out of the package and the legs were a little too long, but after washing them they are perfect.  Very comfortable with decent pockets and they seem to be very well made.
B003LJXZ5O Crouching Sweatpant-Hidden Logo Great all around. Very soft. In my opinion they run a bit long, so I have to roll the bottoms when bare-foot. Also, I did not see the large Puma logo on the left leg in the picture before I ordered. It's OK, but take a closer look if you are mot into over-advertising the brand.
B003LJYLRU For Your Man After getting the Tricot Black, I got him this gunmetal set.  Men love the gray look ladies, just get it.  And you know ladies gray also show his best assets in public.
B003LY4NK0 Didn't last too long The tip of the shoes started to come apart after a jog on a wet field. I didn't have them for very long. Yes they are comfortable and they look nice but i do not think these are original puma shoes. There is no puma stamp at the bottom.
B003LY4OSQ PUMA Puma Men's Complete Haraka XCS Running Shoe,High Risk Red/Dark Shadow, it one of the product that complete all your dreams.
B003LY4PFS very cute and super comfy! Stylish and supportive. True to size, and the colors are exactly as pictured. I'm not a serious runner, so I can't say anything about that, but I have used these for walking and treadmill running and my feet feel great afterward.
B003LY4QSO Never skimp on your shoes or your mattress! Running shoes are definitely something you should try on in multiple sizes, styles and brands before buying.I am not a big runner, well actually I am.  I'm big for a female--I'm tall, and I lift weights and I am at the upper limits of a healthy BMI (but still healthy!!).  I also have somewhat higher than average arches and a fairly neutral gait.  I am currently running a few miles 3 times a week (mixing it up with swimming, biking and wt lifting).  I have run  a couple of 10 miler races as well.  I am not fast.  At all.What I do have is picky feet.  I have a tendency towards irritating the metatarsals in my right foot and MANY brands are made in such a way that this is actually aggravated by whatever cushioning system they use.  The Pumas do not however.  They are cushioned like a dream and with them I have no nagging injuries or pains.This is a well built shoe that works great!HOWEVER, before buying on line make sure you do your due diligence and make sure this will work as well for you.  I cannot emphasize this enough...you have to try them on to find the ones that work!  Once you find them buy more than one pair!For my picky feet carrying a bit of a load--the cushioned nature and design of this shoe is perfect!JTG
B003LY4TLI Awesome My new Complete Autana, are awesome. They have a perfect ankle support,which results in a firm ride. Extremely confy and good looking shoes.
B003LY4U9O Amazing! The shoes were amazing! With them I raced like a champ!! They are so pretty and light weight! I just love them very much!!
B003LY4WGA Sick Shoes These shoes are nasty.  I busted mad croifs in these things and schooled kids all over the pitch.  If you wanna be the best, you gotta puma to the goal.
B003LY4XLY Nice cleats The break in time is really short with these cleats which is pretty cool.  No more going through 5 games of suffering.  I found that they fit nice and were fairly comfortable.I have not had them long enought to know how durable they are yet but they are pumas so they will probably be accetable.
B003LY4XLY perfect shoes for perfect price These shoes are perfect for the price I like them a lot just not for kicking with your toe but now I can curve from farther and better
B003LY4XLY Comfortable shoes, take a while to work in These shoes are comfortable for playing soccer.  My biggest complaint is that the laces don't stay tight, so I Feel like my shoes get loose quickly. I bet if I got other laces it would fix the problem.  Lightweight, and they were a great price for cleats too!
B003LY4XLY After almost 2 seasons the stitching on the side is starting to go. I have been very careful to keep them clean and well cared for, and even as a goalie I have not been able to prevent them from starting to fall apart. beautiful shoes but don't last as long as previous ones I've owned.
B003LY4XLY Got the Purple One's Just not the Right ones I ordered the PUMA Men's V5.10 Firm Ground Cleats for a friend. My husband and I have the same one's already. I ordered then for $50 which is a good price for PUMA cleats, but when I got them they were not he correct style. They sent me soft ground cleats instead of firm ground. The soft ground are a more narrow cut then the firm.
B003LY4Z6C Purrrrrrfect! When you don't play soccer very often and you're up against people who are 20 years younger you need an edge. That's where my new Puma's come in. Comfortable, light and sturdy they allow me to make the most of my limited soccer talents.I would highly recommend them to anyone who can't splash out out the $200+ cleats but want more bang for their buck than the mundane $50 pairs.A great product at a great price.
B003LY4ZPI Decent slides The slides are okay. They look pretty good. Not as comfortable as my Adidas slides but they do the job.
B003LY4ZPI very comfortable Very comfortable; very similar in design and feel to adidas adilette though they are not identical and in fact the pumas are slightly longer and thicker
B003LY4ZPI The Puma has done it again This particular sandle fits and contours to the bottom of your foot. While no two persons feet are the same, it still maintains a certain level of comfort. Satisfied customer.............
B003LY50N4 not comfortable I bought this sneakers and still after using them for almost a year their not that comfortable like I thought. Yes the sneakers look cool but that's about it my feet hurt after a couple of  hours.
B003LY50XY good product Although I wanted to cancel the order at the end I felt very happy with the shoes was sending in a reasonable time and I liked the deal for that reason I recommend the store
B003M1PH48 cross country driving Just what I needed to drive across country in my sports car. I haven't gone yet so its hard to say how they worked out
B003MAJWCW puma love these shoes. arrived quickly and are very comfortable. I have had many compliments on them and I would recommend them to others. I wear them to work where I am constantly on my feet.
B003MAJWCW love Puma I love puma shoes! I wear them till i tear them down to shreds - which is years. Super comfortable and stylish.
B003MAJWCW Sizing was confusing The title says Women's fashion sneaker, but under the sizes are all in men's on the website. The shoes arrive in Women's sizes, therefore I had ordered two sizes too small, something to be cautious about.
B003MAJWCW zumba shoes They are lighter weight than my previous Zumba shoes.  I have worn them twice to Zumba class and like them.
B003MAJWCW Good I love this shoes, i dont now back in another colors.  tell me when return the pakech Thanks, good bye
B003MAJWCW hello very good product thanks for responsibility and punctuality sending puma shoes model. I would like to see more of her thanks
B003MAJWCW Okay I should have gotten the 10 instead but with a thicker sock it will be fine.  It has a nice support inside
B003MAJWCW like them these are just simple shoes that go along great with tshirt and jeans. I would definitely buy again when I wear these out
B003MAJWCW Awesome! Shoe sizes do not run big or small.  They are exactly what the picture shows.  And they are super comfortable.One quick point to make for new customers to this style of PUMA sneakers, they are not good for walking on slippery surfaces, such as snow or ice or if you work anywhere that the floor may be wet or greasy, such as a restaurant.  There is no tread on these shoes.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker black,cabaret,9BUS I like the look of Puma products, have used them often but this particular style is a bit of a disappointment..A bit large but the problem is the gap at the heal area and the depth of that area as well. It was necessary to put in a lift.
B003MAJWCW Great purchase and fast delivery. Have had these in the past and loved them...finally found them again and had to purchase them.  Great sneaker!  Will buy again when needed!
B003MAJWCW puma shoes I get a little bigthe material is a little too hard and the sole use but after some time become somewhat soft
B003MAJWCW Cute sneaks These sneak were very cute but hrt my foot worse than when I wear my 4" wedges.  I had to return them because they sent my feet into charlie horses.  I think they were just too flat for my foot.  Very painful.  Easy return tho and great customer service.  Was refunded very quickly.
B003MAJWCW thanks excellent productexpectivas fulfilled with the product receivedexcellent packing wayfast shipping if the product requested in the requested languagethanks for everythingOriginal quality product 100%
B003MAJWCW Awesome White with grey accent colors, all leather sneaker. thin soled sneaker, but has great padded insole. fits true to size.
B003MAJWCW love it, but...very loud shoes These shoes are very comfortable, they fit true to size and are well padded.  But the surface of the sole and the solid padding make them very loud when walking on non-carpeted/padded surfaces, even when you are tip toeing.
B003MAJWCW fits like a glove Love these shoes and for the price i couldnt say no!fits perfectly and very comfyi highly recommend them and its cheaper than puma outlets
B003MAJWCW my favorite Only style and brand I have wore for over 7 years.Dark shadow works well for winter, looks good with slacks and jeans better than white tennis shoes for style. Comfortable I put also curly laces to make them slip on's .
B003MAJWCW My wife loves them I purchased these for my wife and she loves them.  Wears them quite a bit and they have held up very well.  She loves the style and says they are very comfortable.
B003MAJWCW great sneakers love them for exercising but also just nice to wear casually...they're attractive, not bulky looking..if you arenot a sneaker person, this is the one for you..
B003MAJWCW Fashionable and comfortable sneaker Comfortable and relaxed sneaker for mild exercise. They look good on my feet, possibly making them smaller. A great buy, would highly recommend!
B003MAJWCW Puma for women resulted so incredible I'm glad to purchase I review in many places but amazon give me the chance to have all the possible combination of models, colors and sizesThis item arrived on time and everything on it, resulted as I expected. This Puma was a very good Christmas gift to my nephew
B003MAJWCW LOVE IT LOVE IT this was a great buy in my opinion.  It is comfortable and I feel that my money was well spent
B003MAJWCW Cheer coach I'm a cheer coach and these shoes are great! I suggested them to all my girls, including my own daughter
B003MAJWCW Great Deal Purchased these sneakers for my daughter as a birthday present.  They arrived at the scheduled time and were exactly as described.  The fit was perfect at her normal size.  She says they are the most comfortable sneakers she's ever owned.
B003MAJWCW Overall comfortable and great sneaker Comfortable sneakers! They look good on too. I just purchased these to replace the exact pair that were just old but in good condition after several years of wear.  The only con is that sometimes the back wears on the back of my foot.
B003MAJWCW Good... but... The shoes were comfortable, but they the colour faded quickly to a brown and the laces don't come undone easily when knotted.
B003MAJWCW i have to wear socks they sheaf my heel if i don't wear socks so i have to wear socks to keep the shoes from hurting
B003MAJWCW Information I love the product but have not received it, I do not want devorver, but I wonder if I can give information of relocation.
B003MAJWCW not pleased I received the sneakers and was not pleased with the fit or the feel of the material. I have other pumas that I have had for years and never was unhappy with that purchased.  I will be returning the sneakers.
B003MAJWCW Cute sneaker but: It is a bit wide in the heel.  I do like the sneaker but I don't care for the ribbon-like laces.
B003MAJWCW Sister will enjoy it Another purchase for my sister that she love's, am impressed with the price difference from the store to the online website, at beginning couldn't believe that it was the actual price but, when hit the place order button and saw the confirmation told myself, jackpot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003MAJWCW just as pictured just what i wanted. just as pictured. great fit. love them and would buy more when i need them. thank you.
B003MAJWCW cute These shoes are cute and very casual.  They run 1/2 size bigger than they say.  I buy this style EVERY spring.  They are a staple for summer!
B003MAJWCW Perfect could not find in stores so I was very happy to have found it here so close to Christmas. Thanks
B003MAJWCW Great Shoes! These shoes are wonderful - very comfortable, they go with almost all of my outfits, and I get loads of comments on them! My only complaint is that the other colors are different prices! I would have loved the white ones with orange/pink trim, but they were $30 more!!
B003MAJWCW Perfect, exactly what I wanted! I got the black/pink/grey shoes and they fit true to size. Arrived in just a few days by USPS and have both comfort and low weight. Insoles are thicker then I thought and I'm thrilled! I still have to break them in, but I will be using them constantly. Great purchase! Came packaged in two cardboard boxes and a reusable bag for storage.
B003MAJWCW Puma Women's Soleil FS Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Gray,6 B US PUMA Women's Soleil FS Fashion SneakerWas not expecting less...the shoe is so comfortable.  Pleased with the purchase!
B003MAJWCW Horrible Condition Ordered these shoes for my wife. Received them in &#34;new&#34; condition, but they were returned back due to yellowing on many places of shoe and stitching seemed to be coming apart. Wont ever order from this company again. Only gave a star cuz i couldnt post this without providing one.
B003MAJWCW amazing I love my new pumas. They are comfortable and not heavy. Its almost like being barefoot I would buy a million pairs if I could :) but unfortunately my man would kill me lol
B003MAJWCW Cute and Comfy Sizing: just rightFit: high instep, slippery heel, but still comfortableI love that I can wear these with any casual outfit, even skinny jeans, and they'll look good. They're not bulky at all; they're sleek and sharp - just what I was hoping for! Also, the price was decent for a quality like Puma.
B003MAJWCW Good enough These shoes are very stiff. I've had them for a little over a year now and they haven't "worn in" yet so i don't think they're ever going to. I usually slide my feet into shoes (rather than untie then retie them every time) and the opening is small and stiff, so it's difficult to do. I try to keep them on for as long as i can because i don't want to have to take them off, it's kind of a hassle.I work in an ice cream shop and they are easy to wipe off if something spills on them. Feet are tired and aching after a 6 hour shift, but for going to run errands or go to a friends house or something casual, they work just fine. Could be more comfortable, but they certainly aren't a bad buy.
B003MAJWCW Great buy I loved the shoes, real comfy and fashionable. The sizes are actually awesome. I will definitely recommend this product to others that i know.
B003MAJWCW Simple yet stylish. My girlfriend absolutely loves them, looks great on feet, doesn't look big and jus looks neat, lady's these sneakers will be jus right if your looking for something simple yet stylish they look that good.
B003MAJWCW Not for me I returned these shoes.  I purchased them with the intent of wearing them at work (alot of hours on my feet).  They came and I absolutely loved the look of them.  However, when i put them on, because the leather is SOOO stiff, they did not bend a bit when I walked, causing my heal to slip out with every step.
B003MAJWCW Puma I've wanted pumas for a long time, but everywhere I went they were 90 to 130 dollars. I found these on Amazon for only 50. Great deal and great shoes!
B003MAJWCW not really impressed with these shows, somewhat hard to move around the room in. Somewhat hard to move around in. not what I expected. sorry, i wear them but not often as I'm looking for a better pair.  Carla
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil FS Sneaker,White/PUMA I'm always leary about buying shoes online but one thing I can count on with Puma, is that they are the size they say they are! Thanks for making it so easy!
B003MAJWCW Puma to say The Puma is A Puma, one of the best sports brands of the world, specially in shoes, Very Thank you
B003MAJWCW Great shoes I get a lot of compliments on these shoes.  The only thing I don't like about them is that they don't breath and get a little hot but I was expecting that.  Also, after a few wears, a crease across the front appears and collects dirt so cleaning is a must.
B003MAJWCW sneakers easy cool design, but the detail on a sock wasn't pleasant, it visually increases a foot, and the foot isn't fixed in a sock
B003MAJWCW Love the look! These are great! Easy to clean, and comfortable.  They have VERY little traction, I would not wear on a winter day, or even a rainy day if you have to walk over greats or anything other than concrete.
B003MAJWCW Durable, but not skid proof. These shoes are durable and I liked the design, however, they are very narrow and not skid proof in water.
B003MAJWCW Cute -- but the sizing is SO WRONG Many other reviewers said that the sizing is a problem.  I took their advice into consideration, but my 9M felt like a 9.5 Wide! My feet were swimming in them. They are cute, so if you order, you may have to be prepared for a surprise.
B003MAJZRE Fantastic! I received my sneakers in great time, thanks! The shoes themselves are fantastic! Great for jogging and cardio work outs, and very stylish to boot! You can't find a better price for a great shoe.
B003MAK0DC Okay I didn't like the way they looked on my foot. Worn maybe once, gave them to my roommate.Anna T.
B003MSMI2K not paired just received on time,  seem comfortable enough,  no visible flaws,  packaging slightly scuffed. BUT,  notice that the shoes bottoms are different!  i believe them both to be the same size but can clearly see a difference... color and positioning of the 'single, non-removable cleat' that puma calls an 'original molded directional quill' are quite different.  don't think the issue is worth the hassle of a return.  gonna contact the seller nonetheless,  the description did say free returns...UPDATE: contacting the seller yielded a statement that the difference is a designed performance enhancement, concerning the sole plate differences between the left and right soles, lol, sooo... need to specify right-hand or left-handedness to get correct combination, right?  nevertheless good looking shoe and can't wait to play in them!
B003MSMI2K True to form These shoes are great! Can 't say that they improved my game any, but they made it certainly more comfortable to play!
B003MSMI2K PUMA did it again Wow. I love this product. It looks exactly as displayed (as expected) and it fits great. Very comfortable and again it looks great.RTB
B003MZ0K6Y yep What u see is what u get. Great style and different. Use it as a tote to carry stuff if I stay over someone's house or go away to AC
B003MZ0KT6 Perfect! Perfect size purse! I usually carry large purses but am trying to downsize and the size of this one is just right. Material is nice and it is not poorly made. It has 2 pockets on the inside along with a zipper pocket (plenty of room). I would highly recommend this product plus shipping was fast/free.
B003MZ0L9U Tight fit, but perfect This bag fits one workout outfit perfectly, and perhaps even a water bottle (not to mention your watch and cell phone in the side pockets). Some of the negative reviews commented on the small size, but frankly, I prefer this size to carrying around a huge duffel bag that ends up full of empty water bottles or old socks. And, did I mention how good looking it is? I don't have the purple one, but the pretty silver ("opal") one. Oh, and it comes with an extra, adjustable strap in case you want to wear it on your shoulder or cross-body. Overall, I'm extremely happy with this purchase.
B003MZ0LKY Excellent product this was thought to be a gift for my mother-in-law and thanks God she was pleased. Excellent delivery time and pretty responsible... nice product quality
B003NI2LRQ Love this jacket! This jacket has a cool design concept, is well made and totally functional. I've gotten plenty of compliments for how unique it is. Plus, I like that Puma donated sales dollars to charity.
B003O2RU6S Just what my son wanted My kids love hoodies, and my eldest has been fighting with his brother to see who could get to their favorite hoodie in the morning first.  Well, that well loved hoodie is a little small for my big guy, so we just went on line to find a new one.  This seemed exactly what he wanted, and sure enough, it was. Simple, nothing fancy, a cool puma on the back, and classic grey.  This is never gonna win fashion awards, but it made my 6 year old very happy, and  now we have no more fights over the old black hoodie.
B003PJ7J6Q Stylish Pros: good looking, snug fitcons: easily gets dirty, creases/wrinkles in the cloth can form easilyWear it occasionally and it won't get so dirty.
B003PNST2U Good Excellent product I recommend it 100%. its fragrance is exquisite., is unreagalo for my wife and gisto much ,Excellent Gracias
B003QT10K6 He loved them! I bought these shoes for my husband for his birthday.  He absolutely loved them.  We actually went to a Miami Heat Game on his birthday so these shoes matched his T-Shirt perfectly.  He says they are very comfortable.  I must give myself a pat on the back for this gift.
B003R1QIQ4 Puma Socks for boys These socks are great! They are not as thick as the ones for older boys but they help keep sweat off my sons feet. :)
B003R4ZOKC Nice I have been a big fan of their shoes. I have had two other pairs like this one. I wear them all the time. I wish they still made the brown with yellow stripes. I much prefer that color combination. These colors are ok. The shoes are comfortable and look good and are a good choice if you are looking for a shoe that you can wear with just about everything.PUMA: think about bringing back the brown and yellow. They look much better!
B003R4ZV32 good product as described fit fine and comfortable. feels good on feet for average feet! the rubber sole outside the shoe rips off after playing few times but it doesn't affect the product use at all! Overall i will buy this product again if its on sale!
B003R4ZVCI Hello 
B003RB2OM6 Wrongly marked The  Puma Roman Cat Grey Ankle Strap Shoes are a good product and they seem to be conmfortable.  I find them very pretty but I had to send them back because the size was wrongly marked.  I sent them back and the seller was very responsible.
B003RB6ADU Not very well made These shoes looked interesting and were very comfortable. However, after two or three uses, the bottoms started to come apart on the inside which greatly reduced the comfort level and makes them looks like garbage.
B003RKKF2I Puma Running Top Order arrived in a timely manner and in good condition. Products are Christmas presents and were opened early and there have been no complaints about the condition or quality of the product thus far.
B003S9VJU0 great buy its the second powercat boots i bought and its  perfect.really i cannot complain. especially on really hard surface, it give my foot good support. i love it and will continue to but that product
B003S9VJU0 cool cleats My son ordered these for himself- using my account wasn't that nice of me:)He loves the fit, which is tough when you wear a size13 and they look cool. He has gotten lots of comments on his "Cool cleats"
B003S9VJU0 Best cleat I ever had This cleats are just the best,great comfort and it really improves the power when you hit the ball. What else could you ask for?
B003S9VJU0 top eyelet broke after 1.5 seasons I was very disappointed when the top eyelet of the right boot ripped through after approximately 15 games. I generally like Puma shoes, but will try out a different brand this time.
B003S9VKB8 good its a very close fit.i love it ,very light ,easy on my feet. the only thing is i find it tear to fast from the right side all the time.its the second one i buy and it tear the same place. but i love it and will alway buy
B003S9XJXK Cute Pants There nice pants, but the stiching is already coming out on one side of the pants. I bought the matching jacket and its a really nice suit, but I guess its just not made great. I still love Amazon and will continue to shop all threw out the year.
B003TTSBK0 My son loved it I got this for my grown son at Easter and he loves it.  Very comfortable and the fit is perfect.
B003TW50SI Worth the cost. I am quite pleased with these pants and have purchased them in navy, black and gray for my father.  They are soft, comfortable and wash well.
B003TW5E7U Awesome I was delightfully surprised when I tried them on for the first time. They're snug in the waist while still stretchable. The whole upper leg area is loose in all the right places. The inseam fits right on the ankle line and the vents are a nice touch. I just found my new favorite gym pants! Much props to Puma.
B003TW5E7U Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pant The Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pants I bought for my husband fit and look great. Now the only problem is getting him to wear anything but!
B003TW5EYS Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Jacket The Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Jacket that I bought for my husband to go with the Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pants, look so good and feel so comfortable that he has a problem wearing anything else! I'm so glad he likes them.
B003TWNNOG sleeves are short on XXL - other hoodie came out with a stain If you are getting the XXL for the length of the sleeves - save your money - they are shorter than most hoodies.  I also bought one for my nephew at the same time - though the sleeves were the right size, it came out of the plastic shipping bag with a smear of chocolate down the front.  He was excited and riped all the tags off - so we just washed it.  The chocolate (I hope it was chocolate) came off - but I expected a lot more from the PUMA brand on both items.  I would not recommend.
B003TWNNOG shirt bought for a gift.  This posting is stupid - I just fill these will fillers blah blah blah blah blah
B003TWNNOG Never recieved it Horrible. I got ripped off. I never received the puma hoodie and when I wrote them they said there was nothing they can do it about it, other than ask my neighbors.
B003TWNNOG Excellent Hoodie, Very Durable This hoody has held up well to much abuse.  It is a quality item with superior manufacturing.  This is definitely a product I would recommend to others.  It is a very durable product that has held its color very well after a year of washings.  It is still holding strong.
B003TWNNOG Puma Hoody The hoody was a gift and ordered quite awhile in advance.  I did not take it out of the package until he received it.  There is a hole in the front pocket area.  I mended it but for the cost of the hoody I was expecting greater workmanship.  Was not at all pleased with the workmanship on the garment.
B003U6ZTK2 Beautiful shoes We have ordered them in two different sizes.  They are pretty and versatile.  Very comfortable and our favorite colors of pink and purple
B003UBTQJW Quick transaction, as promised, grandaughter loves her shoes. These shoes are very cute, soft yet supportive for babies just learning to stand.  They are easy to put on, not easily kicked off.  My granddaughter loves them.
B003UBTTRQ Soccer cleats The cleats are stylish and my son loves the colors our team. Odors are dark blue and look great with these cleats
B003V5WUR2 a good one I really like this backpack. it works well after a lone-time using. I decided to buy it as soon as I saw it. Actually, I searched a lot about backpack but no ones I really appreciated. Finally, I saw this one and my bf led me buy it. I thought the space in it was not enough at that time, but it was really good one with enough space after I used it for half a year. I highly recommend this backpack.good looking with high quanlity.
B003V5WUUE My daily school backpack Love it, fits 2 standard size hardcover textbook + 5 subjects notebook + 10" notebook + wallet + pencil bag + Sandwich/lunch box, idea for college students...
B003V5WUWM Puma Echo backpack (MINI) This is not a regular sized backpack. i thought it would be a normal sized backpack, but when i got it it was a mini backpack. this is probably good for kids in elementary school. It seemed like a nice backpack, so other than the size it seemed like a quality backpack
B003V70CAC One Star It didn't light up so it was nearly impossible to read the dial.  The return was effortless though.
B003VQQXQK Very good product, nice Very good product, I was thinking it was heavier, but it is ok, the only bad thing is that is complicated to put the hand inside it while open if you adjusted the belt to your right size, not the best way to open it, aparting it is nice
B003W5DB8I They are light, will they last? The weight difference to a standard boot is noticeable.  If you think about it while running there's probably some placebo there.I think, perhaps, Puma decided to chase a minimal weight figure rather than simply make a good cleat with lightweight materials.  That is, materials everywhere are as thin as possible (tongue, laces, etc.) and somewhat rigid.  Though they've held up for a couple of months, longevity is a concern (seams, specifically).Personally I wouldn't mind the extra weight of thicker laces and leather construction coupled with the carbon sole.
B003Y3BDR4 best warm-ups yet! i could live in these pants. they are lined inside, making them soft and warm. the length, the width, the waist band, all of it, so great! Oh, and they have pockets! Score! They are called "red" for the contrasting stripe on the leg, but really it's more of a deep fushia, not really what most would call red. I didn't mind this, so I love 'em!
B003Y3BDW4 Comfortable, good loooking women's sweatpants with pockets! For those of us who need to wear pants with pockets (in my case, for an insulin pump) you know how difficult it is to find just what you want.  These sweatpants are wonderfully soft - 80% cotton, wash well, and the pockets are deep enough for me.  I have bought three pair, since I never know when I'll find these again.
B003Y3BDYM GREAT WINTER SWEAT PANTS! Love this winter fleece. Love the color (sort of a dark greyish blue), flattering fit and warmth.The extra small size is  of a generous size. (I'm 5.2")When I got it in the mail, it had  a chemical smell to it.So I washed it in warm water and put it in the dryer in regular settings.It came out nice and didn't shrink at all.Has 2 side pockets, silver metal finish at the end of the drawstrings and eyelets.It sits well on your waist right bellow your belly button.I hope this review helps you make a better purchase!
B003Z6PXBW Soft, comfy pants! These pants are very comfortable and quite durable. My daughter likes to kneel down and sit on concrete floors and so far they're taking the abuse well. My only complaint is with the elastic that goes around to keep the pants up. It's wide which is good, but after a few washes it had twisted. It is absolutely impossible to bring it back to the original position, therefore now it looks like a big bump, but it bugs me more than it bothers my daughter who actually wears the pants. Overall good, comfy pants!
B003Z6PYCU Great Buy My daughter loves this hoodie!  Wash/wears very well and after 2 dozen or so washes, it has not faded!  Great purchase!
B003ZJCEXO It Is Perfect--Better Than I expected It is perfect for what I wanted for casual wear inside and outside. I am very glad I ordered it.
B003ZJCEXO Great jacket This is a great jacket. It fits and looks great. Looks dressy. My son wears it often and likes it.
B003ZJCEXO very pleased with this product quality and service were all we could have asked for no complaints in either the material or finish. my husbandloved this jacket
B003ZJCEXO True to Size Track Jacet Bought this for my husband who is a HUGE Puma fan.  He even wore Pumas at our wedding.  He loves this jacket and he even has the shoes to match.  Now he wants to get other colors so he can be a bright billboard this summer.
B003ZJCEXO Puma logo came off The puma logo came off this product after wearing only once. Disappointed in that . Guess ican glue it back pn
B003ZJCEXO Jacket I like the jacket.  I had looked at other stores for the jacket and could not find one I liked as much.
B003ZJCEXO great gift bought this for my boyfriend he loved it. the jacket is perfect size for him . it is not too heavy or too thin. comfortable.
B003ZJCEXO Goes perfect with the pants I bought! My fianc&eacute; loves his Pumas track suits.  I bought the pants earlier this year but could not find a matching jacket.  All of a sudden, I saw it on the suggestions!  Thanks!
B003ZJCEXO My husband loves it My husband wanted one of these jackets for a while now and I was contemplating if I should by one for him as he lives in the Caribbean so I decided to get him one for Father's Day he loves it.
B003ZJCEXO I love it Excellent material with nice design, and it has a little puma on the zipper. It also comes with interior pockets, and feels very smooth/comfortable.
B003ZJCEXO Very nice Jacket It's a great Jacket and the size is perfect. It gives you very much for your money and is very confortable.
B003ZJCEXO Good buy Good fit. Picture makes the red look more bold and vibrant than it really is when seen in person. Still red. Not dull colored. Just not that Ferrari red.
B003ZJCEXO Awesome Puma styling and design, size is a tad tight Puma Heroes T7 Track Jacket (Red, Medium)The Heroes T7 jacket appears to have a similar fit as Puma's other track jackets, namely the Scuderia Ferrari track jacket I reviewed earlier. I usually wear a size medium track jacket or windbreaker, and all of Adidas' Medium Track Jackets / Windbreakers fit with just enough clearance in the arm pits to raise my arms as well as move comfortably. The Heroes T7 and the Scuderia Ferrari jackets are slightly shorter at the waist and tighter at the arm pits than I'd like. I wear a size medium, and would recommend a size Large if I had to buy another jacket.The material is still rather thin, and I'd say the Heroes T7 is very similar to the Scuderia Ferrari jacket with the exception of the logoes of course, but at more than half the price. The Puma logo is adhered to the polyester jacket, and I wish Puma embroidered the logo. The white stripe and the Puma red go well together, and reminds me of the Puma clothing for Ducati Corse and Scuderia Ferrari. The cuffs at the hands are very comfortable, as is the cuff at the waist. The pockets are a bit stiff and vertical, while the zipper has a huge Puma logo shaped  handle. The construction of the track jacket makes it comfortable for jogging, and more than adequate for casual wear. I do not recommend wearing it below 50 degrees F though, as it is not well insulated.Overall: 4/5 stars, the fit is a tad tighter than competitor's jackets of the same size. Go 1 size larger to be on the safe side.
B003ZJCEXO Hubby liked it Nice jacket at a good price. True to size so order what you normally wear. Hubby is 6 foot 200 pounds and the large fit perfect.
B003ZJCEXO Good Product, Just Not the Style I Had Been Looking For Was excited about finding a suitable track jacket that was both sylish and comfortable.  The jacket appeared to be good quality, but was a little bigger than I had expected, especially the sleeves.  I tried it on with the matching pants, which were WAY bigger than the normal size for a Medium.  My wife asked me if I had become a part of the Soprano family.  Turned out not to be the style I was looking for and polyester feel and apperance didn't make me super happy.  Someone looking for that style might well be pleased.  Just not up my alley.
B003ZJCEXO Puma I love my new t7 track jacket now my set is complete I have everything from the hat to the underwear to the socks puma down baby
B003ZJCEXO Cheaply made in Cambodia!! The material is too light and the zipper looks cheap which would be easier to accept if it was black. It really sticks out because it's white.
B003ZJCEXO Built nice and looks sharp The color and material of this jacket is NICE!!!The zipper pull is strong and has a square PUMA logo (kinda cool)The pockets has zippers to keep your stuff safe when active. However this makes the pockets drag and flop open when they are not closed. I just leave them closed.
B003ZJCEXO Good Purchase I was very satisfied with my purchase. I was able to exchange the black one for a blue. It fits well.
B003ZJCEXO Perfect The jacket qudo me a little big but that does not matter, in my country is doing very cold and I use to go to work.Next time I know that deo buy in size M
B003ZJCEXO nice The Price is right. I would definitely purchase this Pants again..also would recommend to my friends.Good material and fits well
B003ZJCEXO Loved It Although it arrived a day late, most likely due to Christmas coming up, I'm still satisfied with jacket. It's nice, smooth, clean, and the quality is great!
B003ZJCEXO Style and Sport I have now owned this track jacket for over a year and I can say it looks as good as new.  I run a &#34;L&#34; in the Puma world and ordered accordingly, the fit is perfect, just enough room, yet still has a slimming and sporty effect.  The logo and cat are velour and ironed on, so I try not to wash too regularly.  I love this thing, from the gym to running around town it's great.  If you are craving a sporty and fresh ensemble, pair it with the T7 track pants in Ribbon Red.
B003ZJCEXO Puma Apparel Men's Heroes T7 Track Jacket, New Navy, Medium I ordered it for a gift. Following advises from reviews, I ordered size medium. It feets my nephew perfect. It looks good, quality is good. Service was very good. I was very satisfied.
B003ZJHTI4 Delighted Puma Fan Woollen lining makes this hoodie a warm, snuggly piece of clothing but the material is sturdy and hardwearing which is good for physically active son who plays all kinds of winter sports or his spectator father standing on the sidelines.  Highly recommended piece of apparel worth the money I paid for it and more.
B003ZUXAZY Boys Puma Hoodie This hoodie was purchased for my son who plays high school soccer as well as for a traveling soccer club.  This hoodie was not only a hit for my son, but for most of his soccer team as well.  The hoodie is made of great quality and durability and is a must for any Puma fan.
B003ZW2FJO Six months still no pants Ive got the top but six months later still wating for the matching pants .you need more words I take take back that one star I gave you
B003ZW2FJO very pleased with this product pants fitted very well too long in the leg for my husband but this was easily fixed. material and finish very good
B003ZW2FJO Lovely sport gear Got a lovely and well-packaged sport gear. Fabric is soft and smooth in and out. A perfect track pant for all weather.
B003ZW2FJO Love my T Heroes! What else can I say...these are awesome! Comfortable enough to wear in the gym yet stylish enough to wear out. Double zippered pockets allow you to store cellphone and wallet without fear of losing them. This is a definite must buy for any Puma fan.Fabric is warm enough to wear on cold fall days, yet breathable enough to wear in the gym for a workout, or during hot summer days.
B003ZW2FJO great pants but why so long? Smart and slim looking pants. I got the blue with red and the matching jacket for my husband...makes a good looking outfit.  He wears a 34 waist and the medium pants fit snug in the waist without a lot of loose fabric in the rear end.Nice and soft on the inside with the tricot fabric backing.Like other reviewers mentioned these are way long...probably at least a 34&#34; length.  That's a Problem!
B003ZW2FJO These are good pants These were recommened to us by the man who runs our fitness center.  He is quite tall, and so is my husband.  It is always a problem to find pants long enough.  These fit well, although they could be an inch longer.  He likes them and will probably order another pair.
B003ZW2FJO Fabric didn't hold up too well They looked good at the begining but after a few washes they didn't hold up too well, I was a bit disappointed with them.
B003ZW2FJO Great gym pants They are very stylish, I notice I get more attention in the gym while moving around because the white stripe is eye catching. They are stretchy and un-inhibiting which is great for any kind of workout. They are warm and comfortable. And puma brand is known for being an athletic and active so you get that appearance that you know about fitness.
B003ZW2FJO I like 'em! Received these as a Christmas gift, and they are a keeper!  I'm 6'3&#34; and they are a tiny bit short, but not so much that it is a problem.  Very comfortable and well made.
B003ZW2FJO Bad logo The puma logo is falling off after wearing them 1 time. I'm pretty disappointed on these pants and I would like to return them
B003ZW2FJO Good pants for teenager Son dislikes the feel of jeans, so it's all about comfort. These fit well and were comfortable. True to size.
B003ZW2FJO Comfy Cozy Classic Sweatpants I have been looking all over for these pants!!! Now i have them and were them everywhere!!!Original... not knock offs. Love my Puma Sweats!!!
B003ZW2FJO Great for the price A little wide. Good length as my husband is tall. He is just skinnier than average. They are a nice material and will be great for coaching his soccer games.
B003ZW2FJO Excellent Pants I had bought the jacket few months ago, but could not find locally the matching pants.Went to Amazon, and problem solved!The pants match perfectly with my jacket, making a very sober and nice looking suit.Delivery was fast, the item properly packed, and the waist/leg fit is perfect.  I only had to adjust the length to my 31" inseam (the pants come in 32" inseam length), but that was it!Love it!
B003ZW2FJO Kinda long Nice, well-made pants. I am tall and most pants are too short in the inseam. These are actually too long for me and probably need to be taken up an inch or two. Nice pants, though.
B003ZW2FJO Pants too long.  I still like them. Pants are too long for me.  I plan to have them shortened by sewing the hem up higher.  I like them.
B003ZW2FJO better be tall i am 5' 8&#34; and i ordered size medium. when i wear track pants i wear them just under my bellybutton. these are almost 3 inches too long.
B003ZW2FJO Love these pants. Pants are great. My last puma pants lasted years of abuse. Hopefully these ones will too.  I just wear them all the time.
B003ZW2FJO Puma freak I must say I got my puma t7 track pants in the mail and didnt know what to expect. Turns out these pants are player! My whole word robe has got to match (black and white) from head to toe I'm not bragging just swagg in!!!
B003ZW2FJO I hope you don't have big hands... Biggest gripe: the pockets are tiny. I could barely fit my hand inside them. Also, the pockets are in the front, rather than on the side. Unless all your carrying is cash and keys, you better have a top (or a fanny pack) with some pockets. Second gripe: Compared to similar pants from other companies, the material is really thin. I expected them to be a little heavier. They look cool though...
B003ZW2FJO Pretty Sure these are Knock-offs I hate to be accusatory but I own 2 other pairs of T7 pants (bought in 2 different countries) and both fit snug and have the same material. The ones i received from amazon are huge. So baggy that I feel like I stepped back 20 years in fashion. They are also very long. I have to roll them once at the top so they don't drag on the ground. The material is different to the ones previously bought. In these there is no fleece lining like in normal track pants.I did not return them though. I wore them to a 90's retro party where they were a hit. They are now retired to wearing around the house so only my wife gets to laugh at me.
B003ZW2FJO Finally a LONG pair of gym pants! I am 6'2" and long in the legs. These are plenty long with length to spare. The size large are easily the longest gym pants I have owned. No more goofy high-wader look in the gym.If you are like me and tend to look for jeans with inseams in the 36" range then you should be happy with these.Seriously... anyone 6' or shorter will probably need to get these taken up a bit.
B003ZW2FJO loves it Baught the  pants  to go with the jacket for son inlaw for Christmas and he loves both.He wanted Puma and a lot of stores do not carry Puma so ordered it on line and they are both great.
B003ZW2FJO No back pocket The pants need a rear back pocket for keys and wallet. this information needs to be included in your selling message.
B003ZW2FJO Long Legs The pants fit great, except for the legs. The are too long, a 29 inch inseam would be great. They are around a 32.5 inch and my wife is taking them in.
B003ZW2FJO nice will buy again, the price was right, the material is good and I would really recommend my friend to purchase.
B003ZW2FJO Great pants for tall folk Some people may find these pants too long. They are. But if you're 6'4&#34; and you've NEVER found pants that fit, these are AMAZING. I'm 215 lbs and the large is great for me. They are on the thick side, a tad hot for working out, but that's not a deal breaker. Also, wash and dry them inside-out. The puma logo will come off after it's been darkened by fuzz. But that was my fault for now reading the wash instructions.
B003ZW2FJO Perfect pants for tall men Puma is the only one that makes pants long enough to fit my husband who is 6'5&#34;.  New for this year- the pockets now have zippers so his wallet and phone no longer fall out of his front pockets while at the gym.  We will continue to buy these pants as long as they continue to make them in this length.  Very satisfied!
B003ZW2FJO very comphy I bought it along with the jacket in order to have it match together. Its well made light and feels good.Thank you
B003ZW2FJO Watch out for size. Normally I wear a medium but I size down with Puma track pants. I am 5'9 and 165 lbs. I wear a 32x32 and the small fits me perfectly.I love the zipper pockets. If you want to wear track pants and be able keep things in your pockets then the zipper is a necessity.The puma symbol and the lettering on the left came off pretty quickly and left a faint discoloration of it's former self. ( I didn't mind though since I'm not crazy about having the brand name visible on my clothing.)Pockets could be a little bigger but they are bearable.
B003ZW2FJO Comfy & Stylish I was in the market for a new pair of track pants and these fit the bill.  I run a &#34;L&#34; in the Puma world and these pants were great.  Inseam and waist were spot on.  Great for a lazy day at home or a trip to the gym.  These go perfectly with the Heroes T7 track jacket also in Ribbon Red.
B003ZW2FJO Very Comfy As of now I've had no issues with these track pants. I suppose the only negative thing I could say is that they're a little long, however, I'm a little short so I figure that evens out.
B003ZW2FJO Good pants I like these pants, they are a little long in the legs.  I am 6' tall and ordered a medium.
B003ZW2FJO NEED HELP SENT 2 PANTS NOT ONE LISTEN I AM A VERY GOOD CUSTOMER I WILL CANCEL EVERYTHING FROM U UNLESS U UNDERSTAND THAT I SENT BACK 2 PANTS NOT ONE STOP SENDING ME SHIPPING LABELS THERE WERE 2 PANTS IN THE PACKAGE GIVE ME CREDIT FOR 2 I AM GETTING REALLY ANGRY I HAVE SPENT HOURS ON THIS STUPID PROBLEM IF U DONT UNDERSTAND PLEASE GIVE ME A PHONE # I CAN CALL STOP SENDING THE SAME RETURN AUYHORIZATION FOR THE PKG I SENT IT ALREADY WITH 2 PANTS NOT ONE
B003ZW2FJO Bit long so had to have hemmed Husband enjoys them, made well.  Long so needed to have them hemmed.  Don't know why system requires a certain number of words as the brief description was quite sufficient....
B003ZW2FJO Great track pant I like it and comfortable. the pants size are little bit longer but it's no problems.I would recommend to others.
B003ZYVZNO OK - but I'm taking a star off Because it is very difficult to read the display in low light conditions, and the backlight is weak.On the positive side:It looks pretty coolDespite its size, is a comfortable and lightweight watchGood for sports - I have been wearing it for tennis, and I forget that it's even onHas the basic features I need and isn't clutteredHas a good chronographSo yeah, a pretty good value for the $$$.
B003ZYVZNO the watch is damaged !!!!!! I supposedly received in excellent condition and does not serve the functions, chronograph time skips, does not work, does not work well, I feel cheated and worst of all live in Bogota Colombia and to return it is very complicated, very bad and so sad :(
B003ZYW0CO It's a smidge too big for my tiny wrists I'm a smaller woman with very tiny wrists and even though I like big watches this one is pretty big.  It's a unisex so I kind of expected it but I have to put the watchband on the last notch for it to fit.  Thankfully that fits but then there is so much watchband hanging around.  Overall I love the functions and it's easy to set, I love the color, and the display.  It's a great watch and I highly recommend it for someone who does not have child size wrists!
B003ZYW0CO Stylish and functional! This watch has exceeded the expectations that we had for the price that we paid for it.  It is functional and durable for sports, yet stylish enough for everyday wear.  I would highly recommend it!
B003ZYW0CO AWESOME Purchased this for my boyfriend for Valentine's Day. He loves it, its sportiness allows it to go with anything. Its simplicity makes it very attractive.
B003ZYW0CO As advertised. Looks good. Works well. Wish it was water proof instead of water resistant. Def worth the $30 I paid for it. Shipping was fast too.
B003ZYW0CO Almost perfect The seller I got it from said it was in perfect condition. After getting it I noticed there was a button missing. It would've been perfect had the button not been missing.
B003ZYW0CO Awesomeness! Awesome for personal training! Great visibility, long battery, comfortable. For the price it is a steal. I freaking love it
B003ZYW0CO It's Puma Time! Perfect for my son. Uses it for running and for refereeing. Does everything he needs and it's totally stylin'. Happy.
B003ZYW0CO uncomfortable band; design flaw - beeping rubber material is not comfortableevery time you press a button it beeps.  you can NOT turn off this beeping sound
B003ZYW0CO Perfect gift I bought it for a gift. The person just love it. It came in a box, functional and intact. It looks as the picture.
B003ZYW0CO Water proof issues I was hoping it would be more water proof, you should add in your description on how water proof/resistant it is.
B003ZYW0CO A Massive Beeping Disappointment The things that originally motivated me to purchase this watch were the things that separated this watch from the crowd:Clean, Smooth Look: the circular and smooth styling was instantly attractive. I really enjoy the uniform styling of the body and the band of the watch, even though this probably means that the band is not replicable. For a watch of this price, it's not really an issue for me.No "Feature Advertising as Design": So many of the other sport watches in this price range have call-outs all-over the face of their watches describing their various features. Till the end of time, those watches will reminds you that your watch has "Dual Time" or "5 Alarms" every time you glance its way. These are not design features, they are advertisements that remain even after you have purchased their products. This watch blissfully avoids this.Countdown Timer: a wanted a watch with countdown timer, and this had one.All of these positives were still true when I got my hands on the watch, but one massive issue became readily and unusually loudly apparent: the beeping. Every beep button beep press beep is beep followed beep by beep a beep beep. This beep feature beep can beep not beep be beep disabled beep. Every beep mode beep change beep. Every beep number beep when beep changing beep number beep values. You beep want beep to beep set beep the beep timer beep for 20 beep minutes? Well beep, you beep are beep going beep to beep hear beep the beep beep beep 23 beep times beep.Fortunately, unlike the watch, I can disable the beeps in this review. If you work in a office with other hearing-enabled humans, this is going to annoy them, fast. You will not be able to use this watch in any meeting situations. Or weddings. Or movies. Or nearly any situation where other humans gather in peace and diplomacy. It would be more acceptable if the beeping wasn't much louder than other watches I have had experience with. This beeping is the kind that cannot be ignored.After being so encouraged about the aforementioned features, to have such a simple no-brain feature bring it all to naught is massively disappointing. I returned this watch, sadly.
B003ZYW0CO GOOD PRODUCT VERY NICE SHAPE AND MODEL, THE ONLY ISSUE IS THAT IT GETS VERY YELLOW AFTER A MONTH OF USING... LIKE OLD...
B003ZYW0CO Not bad Great fit and it is easy to program but the material gets dirty very quickly. Also the light could be brighter. I haven't tested the alarm yet.
B003ZYW0CO Great gift! This was on my daughter-in-laws wish list.  I am very pleased with the appearance of it and can't wait to give it to her.  I'm sure she will be thrilled.
B003ZYW0CO just what i needed for mom replacement needed to replace a broken one for my mom for Christmas and this one is perfect bid numbers and smooth band
B003ZYW0CO Lap Counter I bought this watch for the lap counter.  I swim and would like to have it count the laps that I swim.  I can't find anything in the instructions that tells me how to activate and use this feature.  Anybody know?
B003ZYW0CO very comfortable!! comfortable, practical and stylish. recommended and the price is very good also its size is perfect. if you decide to buy it you will not regret.
B003ZYW0CO Don't buyed,. I don't like , puma a sport brand , and only have 5 meter of water resistance ,I can only put in water when I wash my hands ,
B003ZYW0CO Perfect and as I exp[ected! Easy to use. Good Price and nice to use when running or walking (exercises).Style - Design and Size is perfect for me.
B003ZYW0CO Sleek, sporty, functional, easy! I would give this watch 5 stars if the band would be a little more comfortable, but overall I really LIKE IT! It was easy to set and use, it's sleek and sporty, and the color is a match for just about anything you wear. PUMA has style!!
B003ZYW0CO great product Was a gift for someone and they really like it. Plus compliments were given. The product arrived promptly and in great condition and has all the functions needed (stopwatch and a light since the person mostly trains during the evening). I would purchase another one!
B003ZYW0CO Nice and smooth SIze its just enough to look well fit. Mine survive everything including swimming. Nice quality product.  I would say they look better than on the picture.
B003ZYW0CO Great Item! Excelent and great item!  Just what I was looking for.  I recommend the item and the seller!  It's practical, can be use sport or casual dress!
B003ZYXUI2 love the colour! Easy to set, brilliant colour, true as the picture, like the design and size.Get dirty easy, but it worth it
B003ZYXV4A Neat look; poor utility. Puma needs to "jump-it up" a bit. The lens/bevel scratches too easily and numbers are hard to read in most ambient light. I think Puma could do a better job.
B003ZYXV4A It was broken! The product arrived on time but it was broken. I am going to return it back and get my money back!
B003ZYXV4A so far sp god I bought it because I read your details it was water proof until 40m deepbut when I recieved it I found it deffrent its onlywater proof you can NOT use it with swimming or divingthat This made me upsetthank you by th way
B003ZYXV4A PUMA Unisex PU910801005 Loop Black Digital Watch THE SHIPMENT WAS FAST I'M A SOLDIER OVERSEAS AND I RECIVED IT LESS THEN A WEEK THE PRODUCT IS GREAT IT FITS MY NEEDS AT A GREAT PRICE....THANK YOU
B003ZYXV4A That's it I've been using this for quite a while, and it's not even lost. It's comfortable and nice. I would recommend it!
B003ZYXVXG Sharp, durable, good price. I purchased this for an active 16 year-old. He wears it all the time, including during weight training and it resists bumps and scrapes well. As you can tell from all the buttons, it has numerous functions, mostly suited for athletes. He says they all work well and positive remarks of any kind coming from a teenager say a lot. Great purchase.
B003ZYXVYU nice great design, works perfectly, looks real nice whem iam wearing it, just love it, the functions are usefull, specially the led think alarm
B003ZYXVYU Works Great.......So far!! I have been using it for a week now and it seems to be quite accurate, it works well for my needs. It took me about five minutes to program the watch, quite easy. I have had no problems so far and hope to have none at all.
B003ZYXVYU Rapid Pulse For some reason when I wear this watch in the presence of my wife, it malfunctions. The pulse rate shows a rapid increase, I begin to perspire, and have a sudden urge to ride away with her on a stallion!  Please help
B003ZYXVYU good hi,I've applied this time so that I saw its beautiful shape and also in the process of measurements of heart rate and temporary.Thank you
B003ZYXVYU I got it I have been using it for a week now and it seems to be quite accurate, it works well for my needs. It took me about five minutes to program the watch, quite easy. I have had no problems so far and hope to have none at all.
B003ZYZVU2 Crap product DO NOT BUY. died after 3 months of use
B003ZZ1ATW Good for a while... My original review:I really like this watch it's what I usually wear now. I get plenty of compliments and I like how easy it is to take on and off. My only complaints are the backlight could be brighter and the bezel should be glass but the scratches can be buffed out.My new observation:The pin in the band is faulty on mine. It routinely falls off and gets scratched when it hits the ground.
B003ZZ1CIQ Perfect watch to go to the gym! I use it everyday when i go to the gym, and let me tell you. It's perfect. First of all, is very light, doesn't weight anything. It's and eye catcher and it's very nice and has an awesome look... Buy it, A+++
B003ZZ1CIQ Love. It. Thing works great, looks great. A lot of people notice it and I love how it doesn't absorb smells after wearing it for so long the way that nylon watchbands do haha...
B003ZZ1CY0 Five Stars excelent.
B003ZZ1CY0 Hard to see I had to return this item because it was defected (I could not set the time or use any of the functions). The looks were very casual and would have been suitable for a young girl or as a workout watch. The main issue I had was that the time was difficult to see especially in bright light and in very dim light.  Keep in mind that none of the features worked so I could not see if the &#34;light&#34; feature was helpful. I would not recommend this for &#34;old&#34; eyes.
B003ZZ1CY0 Perfect Exactly what I was looking for my workouts, even has military time setting. Easy to use and looks nice and sleek
B003ZZ1CY0 Could've been designed a little better The numbers should've been bolder it's hard to see the time even in the daylight  when inside, and the light is dull you have to focus to see the time with the light on, it shouldn't have to take that much to read the time,and seeing the day of the week is out of the question!
B003ZZ1CY0 very dirty It came very dirty looking... I purchased it by accident. I was going to keep it anyways, but it seemed like it would get dirty and scratched up fast...
B003ZZ1CY0 Well made and stylish This variant is perfect for a woman's wrist.  I liked the sleek &#34;one piece&#34; construction of this watch.  The numerals also show well.
B003ZZ1CY0 puma p r e t t y p u m a w a t c h m y girl love it
B003ZZ1CY0 Love it! I love the watch!!!! Would order another in different colors if they become available. I would tell my friends about this product and suggest they order also.
B003ZZ1CY0 great very good great number, all a bit dark and not see in the dark very well, but is very comfortable
B003ZZ1CY0 love it great product. i love its durability. I'm a chemist and always working in the lab. its exposure to acids, bases, and all sorts of solution has not damaged it at all.
B003ZZ1D3K good nice, fine good, beautiful, i love its style, its so sport and cute i recomend it to person who arms are skinny
B003ZZ3E46 Awesome! I ordered this for my son who plays soccer. He loves it and will not take it off! It is water proof, sturdy, and attractive. It came in the mail promptly!
B003ZZ3EWI not recommended I'll just put bad stain and black gets old fast seems that out. not recommended for anyone use.aunque is good technology and is resistant
B003ZZ3EYQ Four Stars good
B003ZZ3EYQ Great look, NOT water resistant up to 165ft Overall really satisfied. Screen is very easy to read, looks great at the gym or at the office. But the packaging makes it clear it is only resistant up to 10m (NOT FOR SWIMMING), as Amazon would have you believe.
B003ZZ3F7C It's not white, It's CREAM. I'm obsessed with white things and granted this would get dirty in the long run, but I didn't want to buy it dirty looking. The watch came to me cream. Very bummed that I paid $40 for the darn thing.
B003ZZ3F7C great Great product. Exactly as described on the page. Hassle free shopping for me and happy present receivers. Everyone is happy!
B003ZZ3F7C Good for working out beginners It's light, good size and not hard to use for individuals who are beginning to workout. Didn't take long to get use to, to
B003ZZ3GGW good item was described correctly in the description stated on the site.........no regrets so far.I am a reseller so I bought this item to resell to a friend of mines
B003ZZ3GGW Nice look I bought this for my sister as it is unisex and she is kind of tomboyish. She loves this and complements her style.The product came is great package and is brand new.
B003ZZ3GGW Like it a lot I bought this item for my brother in law who doesn't like analog watches. I really like it lot, the display is awesome. I hope he likes it as this is a X-mas present.
B003ZZ3GPS Fuctional and easy to use Very easy to use. I sent this to my dad as a gift and he really likes it. He is not much of a tech person and he was able to figure it out.
B004092500 High Quiality Hoodie This hoodie is the best I've had so far.  Soft and durable but sleek and attractive.  I got mine in black and it fits good all over.  No shorter sleeves or over padded hoods and the drawstrings come pre tied so you don't loose them.  Really good price.  Can not beat it.
B0040GJTZC Looks great on my husband! I will say that I really like this product. Not only is it snuggably soft, but the colors are super vibrant. I usually get annoyed at large logos on apparel but I really enjoy the puma on the chest of this one, it's very well designed.
B0040JDB26 Style and Beauty I love Puma's shoes. They are so beatifull, durable and They have a lot of style.Desp&iacute;te all these accolades, the Pumas's Urban Mobility is also confortable.Fantastic to use in casual proposes.
B0040QDZI4 Great basic hoodie, but size up! This is a great hoodie to have as a staple in your closet. The sizing is not quite true to size though. I'm 5'10, 135 lbs and usually wear a 4/6 in women's clothing, but the M (8-10) in this hoodie fit much better than the S (4-6). The sleeves are normal length; maybe even a bit short for someone my height, but not uncomfortably short. I've not yet had a chance to wash it so I can't say if it holds up well, but it seems like a good quality product.
B0040QDZI4 Super Cute I love this hoodie, and for $40 it's a great buy.  I disagree with the other reviewer about sizing though.  I'm 5'2 and normally wear a small, but I like my hoodie's big and roomy and bought this in a medium and it fits very true to size.  I bought this in purple and it's a nice, bright, sporty shade.  This isn't super thick, but is warm without being bulky.  I've been wearing it a ton and definitely recommend it.
B0040QE05G Puma Womens Velour Jacket, Coffee Bean, X-Small This is a cute velour jacket.It's soft,comfortable and very stylish.The use can be very versatile though and I've received numerous compliments on it.
B00416BSD2 Awesome lil shoe Bought it for my son who at the time was 1 yr old, hes now 2 and hes grown out of it. But during that time he wore them they were kool. Got compliments everywhere we went and he loved them too! recommended.
B00416BULC Puma Kids' Future Cat Remix Crib Shoe Great product and service! The item came quickly and it was what it claimed to be.  I was very happy.  Would buy from them again.
B00417XVC2 Go for it ! Good shoes, gives great grip both indoors and outdoors. Pls don't use it on snow, its not for that ! Gits like a glove and comfortable. Not water proof and does not insulate cold ! Good for spring & summer.
B0041D8KP4 Who doesn't love pink?! Purchased for my sister, loved it so much I kept it for myself. Three years later I'm still regularly using this bag. There isn't even a strand of string hanging on this. Very well made, and perfect for those of us who don't completely overload their purses with unnecessary accessories.
B0041D8KTU Nice design, perfect finish ... PUMA :) This was a gift for a friend of mine that is (like myself) a Puma brand fan.The bag was little biger than I expected, no wonder since I never pay attention to dimensions, but looks great and she loved it!Make sure you note the dimensions, since it's not a zmall lady "evening out" purse.It's more of a everyday "take everything with me" girls bag. Altough I am sure every lady will find enough "neccesery" things to run out of space in it.Great job Puma!Thnx Amazon!
B0041RR6XM a little tight I purchased this jacket with the intention of using it as a wind-breaker/spring riding jacket.  That said I'm very pleased with the overall quality of the jacket.  It does however fit a little snug compared to what I was expecting given my experience with other Puma jackets.
B0041RREIE Great Jacket These jackets are ideal for wind and rain and cooler winters, fall and spring.  I would advise that for average boys, to order a size up and more than that for larger boys.  The jacket is quite fitted.
B0041RRF2E awesome jacket! We got this jacket for my son's friend for his birthday.  His mom said he will hardly ever take it off.  He loves it!  It looked like a well made, durable jacket when we got it.  I ordered one for my son as well.
B0041SM87K horrible Didn't work when I received it. Wouldn't light up. Waited a few days it came on but won't always work. Suck and a horrible purchase. Shouldn't get a single star. Disappointed I received it and paid so much.
B0041SM87K Bummer If I could give this no stars I would. The watch arrived in a beat up box and did not work. I kept it for a couple days hoping it would &#34;wake up&#34; but did not. It was a little bulkier than I had expected too. Returning it was so easy though. I taped up the box put it outside and ups picked it up. The amazon return team was so helpful and nice they made it fool proof
B0041SPMH8 I love it I love it, It was a gift for my self and I love it, size and Works perfect, the technology is really nice
B00421AMGA Cute, nice for brisk weather. Not much to say other than it's very cute. The material is a bit thinner than I'd anticipated, so it's not going to be helpful in very cold weather, but I'm pleased with the purchase.
B00426C4AM Puma black hoody I love this hoody.  It's comfortable and fits well, snug but not too tight.  Length is great in both body and arms.  Highly recommended.
B0042AMTOE "dressy" and comfortable! As a third grade teacher, I am on my feet all day. These shoes are great; they have a comfortable tennis-shoe feel but the look of something dressier. I wear them several times a week with skirts and pants and have gotten many compliments on them.
B0042AMTOE First Reaction... Ouch! I am not a ballerina and have very wide feet so I purchased these with trepidation. The first time I wore them I got three blisters but I loved them so much I kept wearing them. I'm on my fourth wear now and have no problems I would even dare say they are comfortable. So, if you really like them give them a chance they'll mold, stretch and fit perfectly.
B0042AMTOE Soooo cute! These are the cutest shoes.  I am a photographer and I am always on the lookout for cute but comfortable shoes.Unfortunately, I followed previous reviewers advice and ordered a 1/2 size up.  They were soooo long I had to send them back.  These are a narrow shoe, like all ballet type flats, but they do stretch nicely.  I am not happy about having to pay $5 to ship them back due to poor advice but what is done is done.  I would recommend that you order your true size.
B0042AMVKQ Love these! I've always been a big fan of Puma's beautiful shoes. These are no different. They are as gorgeous as they are in the picture, BUT, do note that they are a little darker than pictured. I found that to be a plus, but someone else may not. Also, whenever buying Pumas, make sure you always get 1/2 size bigger. As usual, shipping was super fast and packaging was great. Would definitely recommend these and will be getting more colors.
B0042AMXNQ Looks nice but uncomfy 2 stars for how it looks which is as pictured and fits true to size. It's lightweight so you would think comfort. However, the leather is stiff making it uncomfortable for walking all day. The rubber sole also makes louder than normal noise when walking on hard surfaces. Think plastic sole type of noise walking on a hard surface. Was sad to return because I've been looking for black pumas for a long time and was hoping this pair would be it.
B0042AMYUS I get lots of compliments Everyone loves these sneakers. I wear them at work (hospital), and they match my scrubs (blue). So I get to be fashionable even though I'm wearing scrubs. Also, they are super comfy. I'm on my feet a lot at work. And these sneakers make my feet feel good.
B0042AN0T2 PUMA Women's Caliber Trainer Sneaker,White/Blue Atoll,9 B(M) US These sneakers. I buy them for me and are very good are comfortable and do not bother at all. I recommend it.
B0042AN4C0 Very cool kicks! Very cool shoes!  They're Puma - so what'd ya' expect?Laces are a little different (offset a bit) and there is not much sole because they are motorsports inspired.Not the best for rainy days due to the low profile, but otherwise a great looking & fun casual shoe/sneaker.Buy at least a half size bigger than normal per usual w/ Puma.  In fact, if you've never had Puma's before, I'd go try some on at a retail store before buying online.Thanks Amazon!
B0042ANAQA super stylin I would tell you that this shoe sucks because I don't want anyone else to know how great it actually is because then everyone would be wearing them.
B0042ANLVE Hottest understated sneaker there is. I oughta know, cuz I'm into understated sneakers. Check out the white light grey pewter mids as well, then try to doubt me.  New Balance has the h710sb in grey thats also hot, but these and the white Puma mids are more sneaker and less hiking shoe. All very hard to get, except for this Shoezoo link. Good luck!
B0042ANLVE excelent This shoes is very helpfull becuase I can  use it for leisure or sport, ist fits very well and my friends likes it a lot, many thanks,
B0042ANQAA These Shoes Are Sharp and what a Deal! I rarely order clothes or shoes online, but saw this great deal on these black leather puma sneakers.  Got them delivered fast and haven't taken them off my feet. The great thing about then is they are casual but can be dressed up for a business casual work environment.  Comfortable and great price. I am looking for more puma shoes now.
B0042ANUP6 Great!!! They are very comfortable, and looks great. They are a good choice for a man who has to walk a lot... god bussines
B0043245CA Not accurate I am not plannning on returning this but the pants are black not grey and the stripes on the jacket are black not grey.  I initially liked it because of the blue and grey so unless they put more accurate pictures up of the things i'm buying I think amazon lost a customer.  This is the second time i have received an item that was exactly right.
B00439GBOS not as good as adidas, but they do the job really light on the feet I compare them because I bought them together the materials are quite different, after a year of use they broke inside the ankle (inner layer) the're failry good but adidas is better.
B00439GBOS good product Good product, but even after several months of use I do not recommend the general public as it looks in very good condition
B00439GBR0 Nice boots These are nice and lightweight and have survived more than one intramural season. I would recommend buy these. Nice and spiffy looking too.
B00439GCEM Five Stars I like so much.
B00439GCEM Great for everyday use These are similar to other Pumas I've bought for my daughter. The suede makes them stylish enough to wear with just about everything, and her old ones have been her go-to shoes for trips. Her older ones have held up very well, so we hope these will be durable as well. Definitely order a half-size larger than usual.
B00439GCEM PUMA WOMEN'S SOLEIL FASHION SNEAKER Very comfortable and &#34;cool&#34;.  Good fit.  I have received compliments on the appearance of this sneaker.  I would purchase again.
B00439GCEM It fits. . . Great for women on the go.  I did not take into consideration how wide my feet are. . .their a little snug  but stretching it out it is comfortable
B00439GCEM Suede Tears My husband bought these for me as a gift, and I was so excited to get them. They are super cute, comfortable, and fit me well. However, after just a few wears the suede near the toe of the left shoe just decided to split. I have taken them to a shoe repair place and tried to fix them myself but they are unfixable. What a waste.
B00439GCEM soles folded I love these shoes but when they arrived the sole of one was folded underneath at the toe and not fixable without ripping the sole apart. Otherwise a pretty good buy.
B00439GCEM Cute- but not super comfy They're adorable. But I work in retail, and stand on my feet for hours at a time, and they clearly say &#34;fashion&#34; shoes, so I guess I wasn't suprised when my feet were aching after just a few hours at work, because of the lack of support. But I love them and wear them often, to school or just out shopping. And for the price, your really can't complain. :)
B00439GCEM I love how these look - but These are comfortable and I love how they look - but it has a weird squeak. Not sure why - but since it's a little loud - I only wear these around the house.
B00439GCEM Comfy I used for casual dressing, usually with jeans. They are comfortable to walk in, and they look great. These shoes are not flat at the bottom and probably would suit people with curved feet better.
B00439GCEM Puma Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker I got these in the grey color. They are well-made and sturdy, and it's a great neutral that goes well with anything. They look good with both long pants and shorts. The suede is soft but supportive, and the insole is so comfortable! Definitely happy with this purchase.
B00439GCEM Just what the wife wanted.. ..once we got the right size. Fits well and is very comfortable. Price was excellent also. Would definitely buy again.
B00439GCEM Love this shoe! I'm so very pleased with the Puma Soleil Sneaker. It is light and so comfortable and look so nice on. I recieved them so quickly and loved the recylced packaging they come in. I typically buy Puma athletic wear but this is by far my favorite purchase. I am very satisfied. They are definately worth the price.
B00439GCEM versatile sneaker This is a great casual sneaker. I wear them to work in, to work out in and they've been indispensible for walk intensive vacation destinations. They're sleek and flattering and work with a variety of bottoms. The one draw back is that you need tremendously taught laces to keep the sides from flaring out. Perhaps it's due to the fabric loops in place of the typical grommet in which the laces are woven. This effect has seemed to wear off within a few weeks of wear, but it was uncomfortable wearing them in. Still, I think it's worth it in light of the versatility.
B00439GCEM love them These shoes are very comfortable.  They look stylish and I have received many compliments on them.  I highly recommend them!
B00439GCEM Not Comfortable! These shoes do not meet up to Pumas quality or comfort. The shoe does say it is a &#34;Fashion Sneaker&#34; but they are very flimsy and rub the tops of your toes if you do not wear some sort of socks with them which makes your foot look wide.I did not send them back because I needed them to wear with everyday black pants however I would not purchase these again.
B00439GCEM Love them I love them they are comfortable and look very nice on especially with jeans, make me look young without looking rediculouse.
B00439GCEM Puma shoes I gave these to my granddaughter early for Christmas. She loved them. They fit great! She said they are very comfortable.
B00439GCEM Seam popped after 10 wearings I bought these for my wife's birthday, last August. She loved them, and as fall and winter came I told her to take care of them and not wear them in rain or snow. As spring rolled around she took them out again, and the side seam popped, ruining the shoe. She had maybe worn them 10 times and never for more than a few hours. I generally like Puma gear, but was very disappointed by the quality of this product.
B00439GCEM Puma Attractive shoes but feels just a bit shorter than a regular 10. They still work just not for intense sports.
B00439GCEM pumas they fit really well and i loved that they came in on time. these are defiantly worth getting for anyone.
B00439GCEM love the comfort It feels snug without a sock on but I dont mind, I will give it a while to stretch using ankle socks..... really love that it comfprts your feet.
B00439GCEM Keeping it in the family Saw my 23 year old niece wearing these in black.  She's an administrator at a major university and a dogwalker on lunch hour and before and after work.  She can get zesty worth them in the office.  I liked them she sent the link and I love them.  At a family lunch, my 25 year old niece owned them, too.  So all three of us were rocking them on Sunday.
B00439GCEM cute and comfortable! Just got these shoes yesterday and they are soo comfortable! wasn't really expecting that! they will make great casual everyday shoes!
B00439GCEM So Comfortable Very comfortable, and fashionable.  I absolutely love them. I will wear and order more Puma shoes again, however I was dissappointed with the price, I felt it was a little expensive, so maybe I will order from directly from the Puma site next time, or go to my mall to see what Puma shoes they have since most shoe store's offer military discount as well.
B00439GCEM Swanky slip-on Ordering shoes online can be scary - but the second I tried these on I knew I'd made a great purchase. They fit like a glove (or a foot-glove at any rate). The stripes on the side are a little shinier than I thought they might be - but I think they'll grow on me. The sole is also a bit unusual - I feel like I'm lifted up off the ground. But these things aren't deal-breakers, they're more just interesting commentary as a result of shoe-shopping online. I love them though and the only thing I'd change is lose the laces. It's be great if they were more of a slip-on, as I tend to just tuck the laces away and not tie them. I'd dDefinitely recommend - the charcoal colour goes well with jeans, and even dressier pants or shorts.
B00439GCEM Black puma suede sneaker!! Loved it!!! Very comfortable, stylish and  perfect size...really what I was looking for in a long time...couldn't be more happy with this puma's choice...
B00439GCEM Love at first step! These shoes not only go with EVERYTHING. I want to wear them ALLLLLLLLLLLLLL the time! I'm a girl that typically prefers either my boots or barefoot, but these shoes are my new favorite! So light its like you're not even wearing them. Now I just need to add to my array of colors!
B00439GCEM Great shoes! I love these pumas! They are super cute and so comfortable! They look great with jeans or yoga pants. Really happy with my purchase.
B00439GCEM LOVE Super Comfty, true to their size and long lasting.  I work on my feet all day and they are perfect!  I would definitely recommend to a friend!
B00439GCEM Cute shoe I bought these shoes for work! Very comfy and chic. Cute little sneaker to wear with capris. Need to purchase insoles if on your feet a lot at work!
B00439GCEM Loved it It was a gift for my mom and it was perfect size and everything was how I expected it  she loved her gift
B00439GCEM awesome shoe I always need a low profile mostly solid comfortable sneaker with some support for work.  This one fits the bill and I am enjoying wearing them.  Reviews I read posted that the sizing can be small, I am a 9 or 9 1/2 in most footwear and this fits well.  If you feel like you are a 9 1/2 or 10, definately err on the higher side.
B00439GCEM Puma women sneaker it's my favorite and most beautiful sneaker.it's a dream. I just love it.I don't want to used when it's raining to not to damage.
B00439GCEM Really nice shoes I bought these to wear to work with khaki or black pants.  I walk around all day long and they are pretty comfortable.  I'm tempted to buy them in black because I love a small, sleek sneaker and Puma is my favorite brand.
B00439GCEM comfy these are the most comfy sneakers. i can wear them all day and not feel the rush to get them off as soon as i get home. they also look good because they are not like a traditional sneaker i bought them also in grey and in black
B00439GCEM Great shoes ! Very nice! Can stand in them all day! Comfy and smart looking ! Good for work or play. Glad I bought them!
B00439GCEM So cute thanks, very quickly and very comfortable!!! Puma Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Grey,9.5 B USI liked the color, is a very nice design, very comfortable also, one can walk all day with them and they are okay.
B00439GCEM was fast and with good care. recommended. was fast and with good care.recommended.was fast and with good care.recommended.was fast and with good care.recommended.
B00439GCEM Blah The shoes look great but they aren't what I thought they were the tongue if the sneaker won't stay in place
B00439GCEM NEVER DELIVERED!!! I paid in full with Prime and have contacted amazon TWICE as the sneakers have never been delivered and they have not even got back to me !  I would like what I paid for !!!  I had contacted them originally asking them to change the size to an 8 and not an 8.5 and they said that was fine and then I have heard NOTHING - I am very upset as the customer service has been horrible!!  I just want what I paid for !!!
B00439GCEM Comfortable These are very comfortable, especially if you are on your feet all day like me. The only issue I have is they squeak when I walk.
B00439GCEM Puma sneakers I've purchased these shoes in the past and now I remember what I didn't like about them and that was the shoelaces. They are kinda' slippery and NEVER stay tied unless you double knot them. I also should have purchased a size 11 instead of 10.5 but other than that, I'm OK with them. They serve the purpose.
B00439GCEM Love my Pumas! I love the color, it's exactly as shown in the picture. Make sure to wear thick socks the first 20 times or so, until you have them broke in. The material inside is slippery and causes your heel to slip, thus causing blisters! Once broke in, all is perfect!
B00439GCEM Light and comfortable So far, these shoes are light, comfortable, and cute! I plan to wear them on an upcoming trip to Europe and they will work as workout shoes and cute, stylish walking shoes with jeans. Perfect fit.
B00439GCEM Great buy I got these sneaker and they are great! From the first  I wore them they were super comfortable. They look great with jeans  I liked them so much I got the black too.
B00439GCEM I love it It looks go for any semi-causal event.Good also for min travel.I am so glad that i got this and before the sale tax gets to 9%!!!
B00439GCEM happy THEY FEEL AMAZING I CAN GO THROUGH MY ENTIRE SHIFT WITH OUT HURTING WHEN I GRT HOME THANKS FOR A GREAT SHOE
B00439GCEM good for work something that fit good wears well and looks great with her scrubs at work,, considering buying others stylesof Puma
B00439GD82 Great looking sneakers Very comfortable sneaker, extremely stylish, goes great with jeans or chinos. Chocolate brown color is almost black. I get so many compliments on these, like no other sneaker I've ever owned. Size is accurate. I couldn't be happier with them
B00439GFP8 Great for dusty climates! I do a lot of (dog) walking on dusty trails here in Colorado, and white tennies are just not practical.  I am happy with the fossil/gum color as it matches the dust!  It's very hard to find simple, nice-looking sneakers that don't have any white or excessive jimcrackery on them.  These are comfortable and look great.  Not sure yet how durable they will be, but I'm just glad to have found them.
B00439GG8Y Great deal Can't say much about these shoes.  They are beautiful!I got them for $54 for my nephew's 2011 Christmas gift.  He still thanks me everytime he sees me.
B0043SD9BM Drop it like its hot The price. The shipping. The laces. The feel.. I look and feel amazing in these. Yo YO your kids love puma and its not that bad on amazon.
B0044F1OGG Undersized Nice looking polo, navy and bright green, has O2 embroidered on collar and all other logos are nicely embroidered.Only problem is that Puma has grossly undersized this shirt, XL looked more like a large or even a medium. Do get a larger size than usual.
B00459CG8Q looks sexy & hot! looks sexy & hot!i bought this for my wife, she liked it so much...wearing it almost every week we go for a jogging...i buy some other color next time...
B0045RLWJ2 Great !! Ok so i got this cap as a gift.. the quality, shape and fitting is good... the puma cat design is cutting in the cloth of the cap n stands out... dunno if i wud have bought it at $22 but for a gift, its just plain awesome :)so if looking for a smart cap n u find a deal for it under $15, its a must have. On $22, u might find a better one but if u dont, buy it... u wont b disappointed !!!
B0045RLWJ2 Comfortable cap I use this cap three of four times a week while working in the yard.  It is soft and cool enough in the summer but is also keeping my head warm during the cold winter months.  It washes well.  I put it in the wash machine with cool water.  Looks like it will last a long time.
B0045RLWJ2 Very nice Nice finish, fits great and looks great, excellent details and the puma does take alot of space so u can be seen from the far distance
B0045RLWJ2 Thought it was fitted Nice military style puma hat but i thought it was fitted. It probably is my fault for not looking closer but just in case you were wondering.
B0045RLWJ2 sport style puma military cap has its own style, it is a good fit for young man with jeans and a short winter jacket.
B004943XRK Great Boyfriend likes flexibility of product for running, walking, jogging. Feels safe in dusk because of stripe down side. Good fit
B0049H8VY2 Wrong item sent My review isn't about the item so I'm not sure how to rate it. The seller sent me a 3 pack of long, white puma socks. It wasn't worth the effort to send them back so I'll just keep them for snow shoveling next witer in boots I guess.
B0049J57OM Great Shoe Super comfy, lightweight, and cool styling. I really love these for work. I work in physical therapy and I wear them everyday. I am very hard on my shoes and these hold up really well. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B0049J57OM A nice lightweight shoe for the casual jogger I just recently began running again, and as I'm still somewhat out of shape haven't put in any long distance jogs with the Faas sneaker yet. But what I will say is that it is pleasantly light weight and breathe able. No break-in time required. They did rub a bit on the back of the ankle at first, but I switched to lo-cut socks from the no-show style and *poof* problem solved. Bottom line, this shoe was exactly what I was looking for without spending a small fortune.
B0049J57OM Puma Faas 300 Sneaker I wasn't very impressed with this sneaker compared to Nike Free 7.0.  The padding under the heel isn't as good.  I may use this shoe for odds and ends but not for regular use.
B0049J57OM Amazing!! These Puma Faas 300s are very light, and very stylish! I love them!! I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone and everyone! Affordable!!
B0049J57OM extremely light Very happy with the purchase.  I got these for myself.  I'm glad they fit since I have such a small foot.  They are perfect.  Not a heavy shoe which is a plus.  I'm getting ready to order a few more pairs in different colors. Fast delivery.
B0049J57OM Look great, hold up terribly Whatever they use to hold the insoles in place wasn't applied to one of shoes so it's constantly moving backwards and gets really uncomfortable.  The rubber around the outside of the soles has also cracked in only a few months.
B0049J57OM They do the job Perfect for my zumba class.  They are light weight and the sole is flat which helps for some of the steps when you slide.  Not too attractive, so I took a point off.
B0049J57OM Too Small!!! These shoes are cute and are what I expected as far as style and color, which is why I gave them 2 stars. HOWEVER, my daughter needed these for track and I had to return them twice because of sizing issues. In any other shoes she wears a 6 in boys, in these shoes I had to get her a 8 O_o. Try these on in stores before ordering off of here.
B0049J57OM Light, Comfortable very light and conmfortable.  the toe portion is a bit tight and the inside sole seem to slip a bit but great shoe for a great price (ob sale)  for sur not worth $90 though...
B0049J57OM Really Light weight and comfortable I read the review on amazon and bough these sneakers. These are really light weight and very comfortable. A must have
B0049J57OM Light. Very light. I liked the design. It is light. Did I fail to mention that it was light? That to me was the best part. If anything changes will update the review.
B0049J57OM Love them As soon as I got these shoes in the mail, I started running with them, they feel great nd they let ur foot breath to, I love them
B0049J57OM nice sneaker it fits well, and is light-weight.  Product was as shown in picture.  True to size. This is a nice sneaker.
B0049J57OM perfect! as a person with feet so flat that ducks are jealous, these are the perfect sneakers!  they are simply ideal!
B004A0YHK0 I Love these BOOTS!!! So comfortable!  Some of the best boots ever!  They break in very quickly.  I would recommend them to anyone.  I am a female goalkeeper, in case you are looking by position.
B004C05KNG Form meets Function Although I won't replace my classic Adidas Sambas for indoor football, these Pumas are well made, with 7 rows of stitching giving you that extra traction for generating spin on set pieces or volleys, while exuding an air of serious sophistication. In truth, these shoes are a little too delicate for indoor football as the material around said stitching becomes "frizzy", which can occur from things like rain, Velcro, jagged edges, or "toe-kicking" a few dozen or so footballs past terminal velocity. They also seem to retain a lot of heat compared to the Sambas, which might make them exude more than just style. The laces also do seem to come untied when not double-knotted. All in all, they're highly recommended as daily walkers and for that occasional 100-meter dash, which is exactly what I need them for.
B004C05KNG PUMA Ligas ROCK These are great shoes! I love the mix of leather and suede, the gold accents, and the unique toe cap. My only complaint is that the laces never (and I mean NEVER) stay tied! Go old school and double-knot your laces. I have a serious vintage soccer shoe collection and these made a nice addition.
B004C2FN86 Great shoes Size was as described.  These have worn very well and taken lots of abuse.  We have had no problems ordering shoes from Amazon vendors!  Thanks
B004DKPPR6 Very comfortable and light but meant to be used for longer distances This is a night fitting shoe and very light.  However, the mesh outer shell means you won't get the support you need for a fast sprint, especially when cornering for a 200 or 400m.  This is good for 800m plus, I think.  It's also good for some stride work on the track...definitely very comfortable.
B004DKPPR6 fabulous shoes I went through so many shoes for my gym work out.These have been the very best so far.Running on elliptical and bike machines at the gym for a length of time give alot of people burning sensation on the bottom of their feet.These are very light weight and because of the spikes, there is no burn the entire time.The mesh form into your feet well.Especially for people who have discrepancy in size and shape with left and right feet, the mesh and the shoes strings help to form to the shape of each foot.Fabulous and such nice surprise!
B004DKPPR6 Nice sho Gave this as a gift to one of my students. He was ecstatic to receive them. Good choice here. Thanks
B004DKQY0I TFX sprint 3 umm...apart from it fitting a bit close...really nice shoe...grips the track perfectly...any surface...really light and almost feels as if you're barefoot...definitely recommended!!!
B004DKQY0I For my son My teenager is in track and field and needed spikes for sprinting. Now, he needed rubber bottoms which the description says, however they are mostly plastic bottoms. The sneakers fit great and they work perfectly...we will have to get different ones for indoor track in the fall.
B004DKQY0I Sprints The shoes were well fitted as expected .I would definitely recommend this product to others who might want the same thing.
B004DKQY0I seems to be just right ordered it for my son, he wears a 14 and shoes can be hard to find. He says they are great, and of course I love Prime delivery!
B004DKQY0I Great shoes. My daughter loves them. Cool looking. These are great shoes. The little Jamaica flag on the back of the green and yellow ones are a bonus, since Jamaicans are among the fastest sprinters.
B004DKQY0I my first spikes my first year Fits good, I also love the material...I would certainly recommend it anyone.....These are the difference between running in flats and running in GOOD spikes:::::Flats-----100 meters--12.9 seconds and 200 meter in 28.1 secondsWith these spike I ran-100 meters-- 12 seconds and my 200 meter- 24.9 secondsthese spikes improves Ur time by a lot if you have good speed and a good heart to hard work!!!
B004DN12L6 Bit small These socks are no-show and thin, which I like, but they shrunk quite a bit in the dryer so they keep slipping when I wear them.
B004DPKEJA Perfect! This is just too perfect. This outfit is exactly as described by the seller. It is lightweight and love it's feel on my skin. I will be looking forward to buying more of this polo top
B004DPKEJA Very good cotton polo) Very good cotton polo)I like the cotton polo's. This is my main shirt in summer.Good quality and true to size.
B004DPKEJA Looks Great I bought this for my boyfriend, and he loves it.  When the coller is poped its white underneath so it looks great.  Sizing it perfect!  Will be buy again!
B004DPKEJA Great polo Overall: Highly recommend. This polo fits as expected and has stood up to a few washes without any signs of wear.
B004DPKEJA It's cotton! I have lots of golf shirts and this one is my favorite as it is 100% cotton and stays cool. I'm 5'10'' and it's not too long or too short (medium purchase). And it's dressy enough to wear to dinner. I purchased another one after about 2 weeks.
B004DPOAP4 puma golf skirt Needed a white golf skirt in a hurry - don't normally buy clothes on line.  The skirt was perfect for me.  Good fit at the waist and comfortable length.  Very stylish - I could have gone to several stores and not be as happy as I am with this purchase.  Will definitely make more purchases like this one.
B004DSNUSO Comfy Man, these things are ugly (worse than the picture, if you can imagine). Just what I was looking for. Comfortable, too. Well worth the $27.99
B004DSNUSO Puma xs 850 These shoes re great I played basket ball in them last week and they have amazing grip on the court. These shoes surprised me they re soo comfortable.
B004DSTRE0 Stylish and comfy These are great for daily urban wear. Nicely padded for walking and biking. You can dress them up or down. They started showing wear after the first season of steady wear, and I used them more as weekend shoes after that. I would definitely buy again.
B004DSTRE0 Sporty flat better looking than a sneaker I love this shoe! I bought it to wear while showing my dog. But they are so comfy I have been wearing them all the time. They look cute with skirts, shorts , well everything really.I am thinking about buying another color, to wear with more casual clothes. I have the black and grey.
B004DT13N2 Changes colour with dirt The digital watch is literary impossible for it to clean and to maintain a clean yellow colour look.I tried all the chemicals known to man to clean this product and none of them have worked. I suggest future buyers to stay away from the bright colours. The product itself is wonderful but maintaining it clean is not.
B004DUM3JY Awesome the product is light, so even if long, it's mainly for spring, but the material is good and nicely made, baby feel comfortable with it.
B004DUM44S Great Wardrobe Addition I ordered both the red and green jackets, they are perfect. Old school and very effective, just light weight protection needed during hot but wet weather. They fold up really small, so taking them on travel is easy. You don't have to decide not to take a jacket because it takes up too much room in your suitcase. The zip away hood is another really nice feature. Delivery was fast too.
B004E9S852 LOVE &lt;3 Got em for a lil under ten .. for a deal and the style we love em. Totally cute, name brand of quality .. keep em in the gym sack for school :P ..
B004EU33NS Swim with it at your own risk! I liked the looks and fit for the money.  Water got under the crystal after only owning it for one year.  Disappointing and now it has gone up in price.  Bummed.
B004EU33NS Solid all around watch It only has basic functions: Clock, stopwatch, light, etc.  Great to keep on track of workout routines at the gym. It does have a loud beep however, but I don't mind it since I don't push the buttons often.
B004EU33RE Cannot thurn off the button beep and how water resitant is it? The Puma Loop does what is says with a few exceptions.  Unlike most digital watches, you cannot turn off the beep on this model.  It looks like other Pumas you can but this one cannot so if you don't like the deep look for another model.  Secondly, the instructions says do not swim or use while is the shower and they don't recommend more than the occasional slash of water.  But they also say it is water resistant to 50 meters (165 feet).  So its water resistant to 50 meters but I can't get I wet?
B004EU33RE Really love it. The materials are comfort,The rubbers are good and no make scratch in my hand.No allergic.Awesome.Loved it. Love the lights.
B004FEDZD6 Cute swimsuit but the cut is a little bit strange I bought this swimsuit for my 5-year-old daughter because I wanted something cute in a one-piece that she could wear both for swimming lessons and for general trips to the pool. She loves this swimsuit, but the halter cut is a little bit strange. It comes so low on the sides of her chest that it borders on being too revealing. Maybe it's just because she has a very long torso, but I kind of wish I had chosen something else.
B004FV5JVA Great jacket but ran a bit big. Great material and construction.  This washes and dries really well.  I would say it runs a bit big in the body and shoulders.  If you are slim you may want to size down.
B004FV5K8C Four Stars Husband needs help dressing.
B004FV5KI2 Great Jacket! Received this jacket as a gift and I LOVE IT.  Fits great and wears very comfortably.  I am a tall guy with a skinny build and the arms are actually long enough to still cover my wrists while driving.  A great buy for sure!
B004FV5KI2 Smelled bad The sweater had a fowl oder when it arrived. I did not like it once it arrived. Also did not fit well.
B004FV5KI2 one issue The thing I didn't like about this track jacket was the position of the pockets there to far back toward the side of the stomach and hips, this the only thing I don't like about it
B004FV5KI2 PUMA Zip Jacket Ordered this for my boyfriend for Xmas. Looks nice but the zipper was problematic. May just be that one. Still worth it.
B004FV5KI2 Excellent This is the best kind jacket I ever had , it's easy , thin & comfortable .feels good after I wear
B004FV5KI2 A tad bit undersized I would order a size bigger than necessary and the zipper is extremely stubborn, you should always keep it partially zipped.
B004FV5KWS Nice fit super comfortable I don't usually prefer to buy any kind of clothing online but took a chance with this. Really comfortable, looks nice, good quality and it gets a full five stars.
B004FV5KWS great shirt, perfect gift I bought this for my son who lives in San ?Diego.  He said it's the perfect weight for summer there.  It fits his lean frame very well and is VERY comfortable to wear.  It was a hit as a birthday gift.
B004FV5L0E AWESOME AND COMFORTABLE VERY SHARP LOOKING JACKET. PURCHASED IT FOR A FAMILY MEMBER, NOW I WANT ONE. CANT GO WRONG WITH PUMA PRODUCTS.
B004GB0RZM great My son Runs Track in HS and he loves the shoes they are very lightweight and he has increased his times and actually increased in height of the pole vaulting
B004GB0S6U Awsome This my second puma from amazon and really nice piece. Slightly priced but fot who needs it money won't be an issue. Good colors and vert comfy. I walk aroun a lot at work (working in radiology) and for all hard vinyl floor puma is the prescription.
B004GB0S6U Just wonderful Stylish yet very comfortable. Love the looks + feel. Recommended for jogging on smooth to mildly rough terrains. Would recommend highly.
B004GB0S6U Amazing! These look really distinct and feel extremely comfortable. I have somewhat wide soles and these seem to work very well for me. I got the orange color, looks great.
B004GB0SNS Very nice looking, but no ventilation These shoes are one of the more comfortable pairs of shoes i own.The other reviews are right, it runs about a 1/2 size small.This fits very snug. Still working on breaking them in.They are a little "pointy-er" than the pictures show, but i can deal with that.They are very "low profile" (black ankle socks recommended).I LOVE that there are No Laces and No Tongue! ^_^
B004GB0SNS I love my shoes You get what you see, they make my feet look smaller, they awesome and very comfortable, besides i got them really fast.
B004GB0SNS This are a kick! I was looking for a shoe with support for my feet for use in martial arts. Many martial arts shoes tend to be too loose and my feet slip and slide in them. These, so far have been perfect. They're designed to let you pivot effortlessly on the balls of your feet. They are flexible and don't get in the way. They are a very bright white color, which would be my only complaint - they stand out against a black Gi. They're a bit snug initially, but they do seem to give a little with use. The velcro closure makes it easy to adjust them.I only wear them in the dojo, and so far they've been excellent.
B004GB0SNS the best puma this shoes are perfect!!!! soft confortable beatiful it have all I want, I recomend this shoes for all the people that want a beatiful and confortables shoes to run walk anything
B004GB0T7S Puma Shoe This i got on Black Friday deals. Received on time. Fits perfectly. Mine is US-9. Very comfortable as expected.PUMA products are always good for me.
B004GB0T7S Excellent I got the shoes the day I was suppose to a they are very comfortable definitely a great buy especially for the price they were.
B004GB0T7S Really comfortable but squeaky I really like these trainers, but unfortunately as I bought them online, I couldn't try them on. They fit perfectly but they squeak a lot when you walk! Must be the materials. They are really comfortable but I don't wear them all that often due to the noise.
B004GB0UTA Huge Run about a size too big. Maybe I just dont understand European sizing. Had to give mine to my mother. Otherwist nice quality. i kinda though they looked like bowling shoes when on.
B004GB0V3A fun shoes I LOVE my Pumas.  The only problem I have is the soles.  They have little numbs that grab and hold everything.  I always get pebbles stuck in there.  One time I carried a rubber band around for a while.  Sometimes the laces get pulled in there and they snag.  But other than the bottoms everything about them is good.  They run small.  So order at least a size bigger than you would usually get in any other brand.
B004GB0VIA Nice and comfortable! I bought these sneakers months ago from amazon and I'm very satisfied.  They are sturdy and very comfortable and look great (the yellow ones). I don't really use them for outdoor sports or hiking, just casually since it is kinda fragile and I feel the plastic coating might wear off too soon.  Overall Definitely recommended!
B004GB0VWG great design this was a gift for my sister and she loved them. great design and extremely comfortable for jogging. I recommend them
B004GB0WBQ How good are these kicks..????.... ABSOLUTLY FABULOUS... I just had to get a second pr of a different colour... THEY ARE THAT GOOD.... Fit is spot on and comfort is brilliant...
B004GB0X8S she Loved it bought these for a friend and she loved them!!! every time I saw her she had them on, saying they were the most comfortable running shoes she had
B004GB0X8S COMFORTABLE Amazing shoes, very comfortable im a nursing student and a mom so i am on my feet all day long and these shoes are great! Only complaint is they run about a 1/2 size smaller than what i normally wear, otherwise completely thrilled with my purchase!
B004GB0XGU excellent excellent, I recommend it, it was a gift and the person you like very much, are comfortable, nice, I recommend it 100%
B004GB0XVA LOVE PUMAS I love these shoes!  Pumas are soooo comfortable and these are no exception.  They look pretty kick-a@@ too.  Thanks a lot!
B004GB0XVA Very comfortable! I have wanted these sneakers for a really long time and finally gave in and bought them.  They are super comfortable and are great to wear with jeans for a casual look.  A lot of people in other reviews mentioned that these run small and they were right!  I normally wear a 9.5 in everything and these are a little tight unless I wear super thin socks.  If you plan on wearing socks with them I would order them a half size larger than normal. Other than that, they are fantastic!
B004GB0XVA Perfect for Zumba!! I bought these shoes this weekend. I wore them to Zumba last night OMG! They are light weight and give enough grip that you can still move on the floor. They are kind of narrow, but I stretched mine and they work just fine. Comfy and stylish. I will definitely order again!
B004GB0XVA Nice sneakers! The shoes are really nice.  They were just as the description said. The product was shipped to me promptly.  I've had several compliments about them already.
B004GB0YHS Complete Series is the best! I run 10 miles a week solely on pavement and concrete.  The PUMA Women's Complete series has been a perfect fit; very supportive and comfortable.
B004GB0YHS Great cushiony feeeling These sneakers are awesome. I have tried many sneakers that would complement my tough Turbo Fire workout and these are it!!! When i jump i dont feel any pain on my heels or on the arch of my foot. I can jump for much longer periods of time without hurting my ankles. Anyone looking for a good sneaker that will boost your P90X or Turbo fire workout this one is it!!!
B004GB1120 Excellent, Good quality !!!! the rigth size, perfect !!!!,  excellent and comfortable, beautiful color and design. It's recommends to use in the exercise in gym, like running or walking. Resistent to cold or hot temperatures.
B004GB11H0 Nice and confortable Good idea ordering one size bigger than you normaly do They're soft and good material. Love the design and the colors.
B004GB11O8 Great Shoes Great shoes. I wear them a lot and get a lot of compliments. I received them as described. perfect & i will buy from this seller again.
B004GB11O8 Another Awesome warehouse deal Arrived quickly and looks brand new!  Love the warehouse deals section.  So many things to look at and super low prices compared to &#34;new&#34; prices.
B004GB11O8 These are obviously cool... You know Puma's are cool.  These are no different than what you'd expect.  I wear them to work photographing houses, and they are easy to keep clean and looking nice (for when clients are around) plus relatively weather resistant(for when you're traipsing around in wet grass and whatnot) and you never have to worry about looking like a dork, because you my friend have excellent taste in shoes.
B004GB11O8 Puma Men's G. Vilas L2 Fashion Sneaker, Not much cushion and not as comfortable as I thought it might be. Also it did not appeal to me as seen on the picture. Think its over priced.
B004GB11O8 very comfortable, fits well, very comfortable,
B004GB11O8 Yup! Comfortable, light, great design and material used.  Fits and feels great.  Seems to be durable.  Gets five stars.  Can't go wrong with choosing German.
B004GB11O8 Very classy and comfortable for the price, according to the industry you work they fit with work pants. I love it and they are very comfortable .Somebody stole it from my locker at work after 2 months.i guess he loved it better than me.
B004GB11O8 great great! love it, speedy delivery, fits well, and good price. fits well on my boyfriend's feet thank you very much
B004GB11O8 Fits good, looks good, stylish Get dirty quickly, but other than that...awesome shoes. It fits perfectly with any kind of jeans or shorts. Also good material.
B004GB11O8 SIMPLY AWESOME! these sneakers are VERY comfortable for a work environment i wear these for work and some of my co workers mistook them for work shoes due to the sole design they go great with some Nike dri-fit socks all around great product i am going to buy a second pair for casual dressing!
B004GB11O8 It is really nice It is nice, so light in your feet. You walk or run with it no problem, cause you feel comfortable with it. Really like it
B004GB11O8 great sneaks! the fit is perfect.  stylish, quality materials, comfortable, and just the colors I wanted.  The only thing they could have done better is line it with $20 bills. :)
B004GB11O8 Great comfortable footwear Tiny holes in tongue and front of shoe for i expect for air circulation.feet don't feel tired after wearing them for several hours!!
B004GB11O8 Puma G Vilas WOW! The shoe is beautiful, for real. It has a lot of quality and looks amazing when you put it on.
B004GB11O8 Very Comfortable Makes your feet feel very comfortable. I have had these shoes for several months and they still are very comfortable.
B004GB11O8 Good looks at a low price The sneakers are comfortable, not the most comfortable but they are ok, they look great and at that price the deal was excellent
B004GB11O8 Excellent shoes These are excellent shoes - light and super comfortable. You won't notice that you wear them. You can easily clean them with wet handkerchief and make them look brand new.
B004GB11Z2 Get laid quick, buy these shoes! If you want to get laid, get these shoes! If you want to get laid, get these shoes!!!! Two bitches at once!
B004GB11Z2 Great Shoes - Better than the cotton ones I bought these to replace the same model puma shoes that had a cotton surface which held dirt and water pretty bad. These are much easier to keep clean, are pretty airy so your feet don't sweat as much and are extremely light.The look pretty awesome too - i wear then with jeans and shorts and both make it look pretty good.I am 23 years old and I recommend these shoes
B004GB11Z2 Fits great My husband needed a tennis shoe he could wear for everyday or dress casual kind of days.  They are really nice and don't look too casual.
B004GB11Z2 Eh, they look good? These tore the crap out of the back of my ankle. I suppose I have to break them in. Currently, when wearing them, I walk with a limp. I guess that's cool to some people, but really it's to avoid tearing my foot wound open anymore. Again, maybe they'll get better once I break them in a bit more.Pro Tip: Wear high socks.
B004GB1242 Excellent!!! Very comfortable, excellent and great quality.Fits great, nice design.This product really exceeded my expectations. Just what I was looking for.
B004GB1242 Great as a novelty or fashion.... no utility to actually run in!!!  But I did buy out of nostalgia, nothing more.  They serve their purpose for why I bought them
B004GB1242 good buy. I Luv it like Jon Lovitz great shoes! fit is spot on. run faster in puma whirlwinds. Dont believe me? buy them and see for your self
B004GB1242 Good looking and comfortable, but not very durable. Aesthetics are very personal, but I really like the look of these shoes (I have the blue and white version). Subdued enough not too stand out too much, while still having some personality.Very comfortable - not break in period at all, and feet don't hurt or develop hot spots even after hours of walking or standing.Only complaint is the durability. The shoe itself seems to be fine, but both rubber soles are almost completely worn through after only 8 months of wear. Much shorter than previous pairs.
B004GB1242 Comfort Meets Style These are the by far the best shoes/sneakers I ever wore.  They are sleek, stylish, and most importantly very comfortable.  Love the variety of color schemes.  Works for "work" and "play."  If you decide to buy you won't regret it!
B004GB1242 best kicks these are one of the best kicks i have ever owned they are a 5! the best ones on the market
B004GB1242 Hubby approved! I bought these for my husband for Christmas. (He desperately needed non running shoes sneakers). He loves them and say&#8217;s they are very comfortable!
B004GB1242 Comfortable, Good Looking Indeed they are not for wide feet, the shoes are quite narrow but luckily for me it wasn't a problem. They are very comfortable and they look great. The grip on the bottom is comfortable to walk on too and it works except on wet tile. The first day i wore them i slipped on some slick tile and almost fell. Other than that they are really nice shoes, i almost forget i'm even wearing them when i walk around in them all day.Also, there is a sticker on the box that says that the "genuine suede color can bleed temporarily." However, i bought the black ones and they don't seem to be coloring my socks at all.
B004GB1242 I approve They were slightly larger than what I was expecting but still a great shoe. I've gotten a surprising amount of compliments on them too :)
B004GB1242 Comfortable shoes! Very comfortable!  They look good with a nice shirt and nice jeans.  I do not use these shoes to work out so I'm not sure how well they do in that environment.
B004GB1242 Worth the buy! Great shoes, great looking, and soooo comfortable! Priced worthy of the shoe! Good job Puma! I will return to buy more in the Future
B004GB1242 Highly recomended I have some types of Puma shoes but this one is on the top of them all cause of the feel , softness and comfort its a five stars for me.
B004GB1242 Give 'em what they want J C loves his shoes!  He says they are like walking on air!  The huge selection of colors is great.  He selected his school colors.
B004GB1242 stylish and comfortable This puma is very comfortable and stylish.  Feels very light but has enough cushion for support.  Goes well with any pair of jeans.  I highly recommend these.
B004GB1242 not for work I purchased these for looks and wore them work they bleached out while I was cleaning they are extreamly comfortable for walking and running and look great but if you clean and want this style saucony works better
B004GB1242 Looks great and feels comfortable ...And not to mention price was right at around $37The only concern is their durability, which of course I will not know until I wear them more.
B004GB1242 PUMA men's whirlwind classic black sneaker nice style -- look good.  very comfortable.  Not really a sport shoe (very thin sole); but they look good for everyday use.
B004GB1242 Nice addition to my classic collection I love these shoes. They're not as comfy as I remember but they still look awesome. I read somewhere that you should buy a 1/2 size bigger. Not the case with these, unless you wear thicker socks.My only complaint is that I ordered "ebony" but the shoes look more "navy". I don't remember the color being off that much in the past but, oh well.
B004GB1242 good product Many who see me wear this product love it and would love to have something like it. Great product indeed.
B004GB1242 Amazing If you are looking at these shoes, buy them! The fit is true. Comfy as hell! Throwback and will get you compliments
B004GB1242 Lot's of good, but some odd things about this shoe Personally I like how they look.  That's just preference and you might feel different.  Standing I would describe them as pretty good on the feet.  For me, they arrive at a spot after a few hours where they are JUST ABOUT to start hurting and then stay right there on the edge.  That's pretty good.  But they never feel really dreamy.  When walking they are just slightly unstable in left-right action.  Meaning the little dots kind of bend sideways for me just a bit and when you want to stop, you move just a little more.  Never had that happen before.SNOW:  These are the worst shoes I've ever seen for tracking snow into your house.  They pick up a solid sheet and won't let go till it's melting off on the floor.  It's just a thing.  It's definitely a thing if you live around snow.Pretty easy to keep clean but just a normal life-span for a shoe in my estimation.Overall I like mine as they are unique and very lightweight.  Easy to slip on for a bit of here and there around town or the house.  Not recommended for serious athletics.
B004GB1242 Comfortable and look great. I bought the Black/White/Gum sneakers in 8.5D. The sneakers feel a little narrow and have a lot of cushioning, so I love them for walking but the cushioning is a little too much for running. They look great and I received multiple complements the when I wore them; the gum bottom on the shoes stands out less than the pictures would make it appear, which is fine with me. Love wearing them to work, the gym, any time I go out with friends but I would not strongly recommend them for athletic activities.
B004GB1242 Love them! This shoes are great looking and somewhat comfortable.  The only reason I deducted a star is because there is no support, so if you over pronate, your knees will be killing you at the end of the day.
B004GB1242 duh! they were 30 bux.they look sweet.Haven't worn them yet.  Whatever, they were 30 bux.....4 more words required....
B004GB1242 This is good, I often buy this brand products, Excellent. And I am satisfied with the. Those who know will agree with me. This is good, I often buy this brand products, Excellent. And I am satisfied with the. Those who know will agree with me.
B004GB1242 For my dad I got these sneakers for my dad and he loves them.  He says that they are very comfortable and he will stick to what he knows best &#34;PUMA&#34;.
B004GB1242 green&yellow pumas purchased green&yellow pumas for $60 to show school spirit for new job at a high school.the kids & staff love them.walking 5-6 hours a day,they are super comfortable.and good looking. highly reccomend!
B004GB1242 Puma Sneakers I ordered these sneakers from Australia and anyone who has travelled to the US and back distance is an issue, so much can go wrong!I recieved my goods in approximately 2 weeks and the service and process was smooth and hassle free.A great price and l will be ordering through Amazon again.
B004GB1242 Excellent! Excellent shoes fits very well even though its is half bigger than my size, still fitting perfect. Good balance and elasticity I strongly recommend this shoes
B004GB1242 Nice and confortable. Altought they are nice and confortable, I'm not entirely convinced by the Puma Stripe being shinny, I though it was matte gray when I ordered them.
B004GB1242 luv em luv my new tennies everyone asks where i got them company good to work with they arrived on time and new
B004GB1242 My guy loves them! I gave these as a gift and was told that they are very comfortable and slipper-like.They look cool and sexy as hell, too!
B004GB1242 very lite This is the first time I have bought this shoe and I didn't have anything to go by except the reviews. I like the colors, I like the fact that they are nice and lite. The only issue I have is that they lack the support that I am use to in a good sneaker. I feel my foot wanted to roll inward and I don't like that.But I am keeping them and seeing if I can get use to them.
B004GB1242 Affordable, Sylish, and Comfortable Like the title says, this show is all around awesome.  I was surprised how comfortable it was compared to my other Puma's which made me give this shoe a 5 rating.
B004GB1242 Dope Great shoes, a contemporary take on late 70's/early 80's sneakers. Feel good on the feet in a simple way. Great price. Happy with this buy in every way.
B004GB1242 Tremendus sneakers Good product. Everybody this is a good choice. The price I think is fenomenal. In other countries this kind of sneakers is very expensive
B004GB1242 Stylish and Comfy Cliche title, but these are. Very comfortable to walk around in for the day and works with any pair of jeans.
B004GB1242 Puma Men's Whirlwind Classic Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Grey,10.5 D US Package was well packed and the product performed as would be expected from a company of Puma's reputation and I would recommend buying them.
B004GB1242 Great Look, Decently Fitting I have big feet, so I wasn't expecting these to be perfect, but they're pretty close. These shoes are wonderfully light and look great, I get complimented on them all the time.
B004GB1242 Classic I can't understand the hype over modern shoes that cost up to $150 just because there's a certain name or logo on them. Puma Whirlwinds are the nicest looking athletic shoes I've seen (and they're extremely comfortable). Delivery was FAST and packaging was great.
B004GB1242 awesome and a great deal for the $$ these shoes fit perfectly (US Size 10.5)...you never know when you can't try them on, but these were spot on for what I would expect from a shoe store.  The brand in general looks so sharp and the variety of color options is great.
B004GB1242 Incredibly comfortable These are the most squishy and supportive shoes I've owned. Great styling, price and packaging. Haven't had them for long so I don't know the longevity.They are very slippery because of the bumpy sole.
B004GB1242 Look nice. I love these Sneaker, looks very nice and is very comfortable.I recommend these sneaker, the green/yelloy option looks terrific.
B004GB1242 nice kicks!!!!! nice kicks for the price!!!!!! really like them. true to size. easy to clean!!!!! also really comfortable for walking or jogging!!!!!
B004GB1242 Great dealer Shipping was pretty quick. Unfortunately the shoes were too large. However, returns are extremely simple and I was able to order the right size very quick as well as return the original purchase.
B004GB1242 Great Look and too comfort This is the best sneaker I've ever had, it looks great and it to comfort even when walking for long distances, I totally recomand it to everyone.
B004GB1242 My hubby loves it- very comfy and stylish These shoes are very comfy and stylish. We like this brand as a general rule and this style wears well over the months for walking.
B004GB1242 Most comfy kicks ever I bought these to be part of a theme costume for a party.  The added benefit is that they are extremely light, airy, and comfortable.  Love them.
B004GB1242 comfortable shoes I really like this model, are comfortable and brings the bag is practical, I recommend this model, moreover, are lightweight
B004GB1242 Puma Classics The puma whirlwind classics are so comfortable. I would recommend these sneakers to anyone....It's like floating on air...Easy to put on.
B004GB1242 a fantastic shoe after reading other reviews, i was apprehensive to buy, but after wearing them a week at work as a bartender, then wearing them camping the following week, im happy to report that there is no bleeding ink on my socks, the surface of shoe is easily cleanable with a damp rag, and these are very durable, comforable, and sharp looking kicks. will buy again, especially for the price.
B004GB1242 Good shoe It fits well, it's comfortable and it looks just like in the pictures, the only complaint I have is that it gets dirty easily, if you get caught in the rain you'll probably gonna have to wash it when you arrive home to keep it good looking.
B004GB1242 Great shoe! I purchased these for my boyfriend he loves puma's but he has a hard time finding them in wide enough widths. The Whirlwind is the best fitting puma we've found yet.
B004GB1242 Old Man shoes Cons- They have zero grip so be aware of what you are walking on.Pros- The design looks nice and they hold up- The size was dead on
B004GB1242 Nice and comfortable very comfortable and nice....delivered in time...I bought it for my husband and he loves it! easy to wear shoes and suitable price
B004GB1242 Good The first time i saw it! I wanted to return it but after i wear it! It is so good! So soft inside!
B004GB1242 OK product The shipping speed is satisfying, and the shoes seem comfortable. So in general it's OK, except that the shoes are little bit too big for me.
B004GB12U6 elegant but casual and confortable :) Nice looking sneakers for a casual look.I have them in blue as well as grey.I walked the NYC streets with these shoes for 3 days on a recent trip, and these sneakers were comfortable throughout the day.Very good value for the money.
B004GB12U6 Fantastic they are really nice i like them a lot, are really comfortable and modern, I recomend  to everyboby, buy them
B004GB12U6 love these shoes! I ordered according to the sizing recommendations on the product description, and these were perfect! I love them--they're cute, comfortable, and look great with all different kinds of casual pants or jeans.
B004GB13IM Great set of sneakers Love them.  They are comfortable, the look awesome and the I love that they are bright red.  My only complaints might be that if you live in a state that gets legitimate winter they aren't very warm and have no traction in snow but thats what boots are for anyway.  Other than that they are great shoes.
B004GB140Y buen precio buenos zapatos I have not much to say, except that they are comfortable, and pretty cheap, a purchase that I can not repent
B004GB14HM thats ok i made a mistake whit the size but it was a great present for my father!! thank you very much
B004GB14HM Sweet cheap PUMA I wear these as a casual shoe, not for playing soccer, so I can't comment on their sporting uses. What I can say is they're comfortable, stylish, and wonderfully priced. I've put a ton of miles on these puppies and they're still going strong with no noticeable wear to the sole or instep. I walked all day in and around Amsterdam in them and they didn't give my legs or back any trouble. One negative is they are not the most comfortable shoe to stand still in for long periods of time due to the lack of cushion, but you wouldn't expect that anyway. As soon as I am done with this review I am going to purchase them in another color. Great sneakers, great price, 2-day free shipping with Prime. Giddyup.
B004GB14HM Excellent footwear Excellent footwear for game in a hall. The size 42.5-43 has bought from me 10 us men have very well approached. Next year I will buy same.
B004GB14HM Super comfortable These are the most comfortable non-running shoes I've ever owned. I wear them as casual everyday shoes with my jeans, but they definitely seem snug and supportive enough for indoor soccer (though I prefer a tougher, non-suede leather for actual game shoes). They're infinitely more comfortable than the Steve Maddens they replaced.
B004GB14HM PERFECT! These Pumas are perfect. Perfect fit. Perfect comfort. I have never been done wrong by Puma! I want another pair of these.
B004GB14HM Great Sneaker This is a well made sneaker.  Not only is the look great but so is the construction.  This sneaker is easily worth twice what the price is!
B004GB14HM Perfect shipping to europe Shipped to finland with no problems. I bought 2 pairs for a much better price. 5/5 and fits as expected
B004GB14HM Zapatos Tremendos zapatos para jugar futbol salas y correr . . . . . . . . . . . .
B004GB14HM Nice shoe for this price I received it and wore it yesterday night. It is new, but it feels soft. I scored three times in three indoor games. You can buy it and try.
B004GB14HM True Puma After more than 20yrs after my playing days i decided to make puma my  nuber one brand again.These Esito's were super comfy and well made. Puma carries on its remarkable tradition.
B004GB14HM Very stylish shoes! A lightweight shoe, very comfortable and much less expensive than in the stores.Casual yet chic!  I wonder if any bright colors will come out in the near future?
B004GB14HM Very nice Look great, they're light, flexible, excellent sole/grip. The tongue somewhat shorter (you'll notice when putting them on), but didn't really find it otherwise bothering
B004GB14HM Very good casual wear Since buying I have been using it many times.Reason it is very light, looks cool and feels comfortable.Only complaint of mine is the laces are tooo long. I have to tuck them back into the shoe.
B004GB14HM Comfortable and sleek. Great purchase. Didn't buy it for football so I can't say how it holds up there. But stylish and comfortable for everyday use.Size 11.5 no problems.
B004GB14HM Love the look and comfort. The shoes are very stylish. Not to be used for any type of athletic fun, but good for a fashion statement. The only drawback was that the laces were incredibly long.  I had to cut them to the proper length.  Overall, very nice!
B004GB14HM Light, comfortable. Very comfortable and feels light on my feet.I like the hint of gold.One complaint is that if there is any moisture on a smooth surface, I start slipping a bit as I walk.  Great on any other dry surface however.
B004GB18FK Good PUMA...Good Shoes came in pretty quick. They were also exactly as described. The only thing I would mention is that theyre a bit snug. Ordered a size 10, as all my others are, but should have gone for a 10.5. Other than that, awesome shoes!
B004GB18FK Great sneaker Very comfortable, great looking and perfect fit, only down fall is the red puma logo on the inside of the sneaker wears off on your socks leaveing a red stain, absolutly love these sneakers minus that one down fall, i'd get them again only in a nother color because of that
B004GB19WW Very nice Good design and style. very comfortable fashion sneakers. Without laces. Uses a strap instead of laces. Very durable also. Love them
B004GB19WW Unique and stylish Light sneakers and quite comfortable , got many compliments for the unique studded look . As expected from puma light weight and stylish
B004GB1A8U best most comfortable puma shoes i own will buy more in other colours.. great looking and comfortable what more can u ask for??
B004GB1A8U LOVE!! I love these sneakers. They are so cute. They are a little flat so I added a Dr. Scholls insert and they are perfect!
B004GB1A8U Excellent transaction! My sneakers came in perfect condition and on time.  The service was fantastic and I would definitely do business with this vendor again.  Thank you!
B004GB1A8U Puma Sneakers Absolutely amazing sneakers! They take up only a tiny amount of space in my suitcase, they are incredibly comfortable, and great for walking!
B004GB1CN8 Just Perfect Got these for my mom two weeks ago and she loves them! She keeps going on about how light and comfy they are, how much they don't hurt across the top of her feet (that's been a problem). She mostly jogs on the treadmill and she likes they way they cushion her feet on impact. They look great too, very slim fitting. Also, I got her .5 size bigger and they fit perfectly. Hope this helps, I'm usually a Saucony girl but I might check these out when my pair wears out.
B004GB1CXI groovy :) just got my husbands shoes today and he loves them! I ordered them march 30th and got them on april 2nd, they said i should see them around april 8th. got them alot sooner! i'am very happy with the way the whole order went :) i will definitly be ordering more for the whole fam bam soon :) thank you!
B004GB1CXI Driving shoes that are a comfortable style choice I don't "drift" in these Drift Cats but they are comfortable and look nice. All leather and built nicely as well.
B004GB1E7C GETS YOU NOTICED Bought for my husband he gets lots of compliments, I love it too. Its a bit flashy but hey its okay to get notice if you are wearing something great!!
B004GB1E7C They are better than they look... I got the black ones [12D], here it is:- Excellent price [Black/White].- Pictures are not fair to the real quality [added couple pics].- Very comfortable!- Fast shipping!- They look awesome, clean and simple.Very very pleased with this buy, I got them for daily use at work, but i think they're too good for work.
B004GB1E7C Loved it! I can't believe I just paid $27 for a pair of Puma! they look really nice, feel very comfortable, I came in a Puma Red Bag which I loved, you gotta buy these tennis shoes!
B004GB1MMO Nice jacket Comfortable, perfect to leave in my car for a just in case when I need it. Good for a cool day, and casual events.
B004GB1N7S Great Yoga top Looked at several different tank tops for a gift for my daughter, to use in her Yoga workouts. She loves this one. I bought it in a small and it fits her perfect (34B). She says it very comfy too.
B004GB1NUU I don't like the fabric but... It fits all right!!! I mean that the fabric (cotton) is not good for using it a lot... i prefer synthetic fabric because they are more durable...
B004GB1O0E Great running shorts! This review is for PUMA's women's moisture management running shorts. They fit great and are very light. The material truly does what it says: moisture management. Liquid (sweat) evaporates quickly as you walk out of the gym. An added plus is my husband says my bum looks hot in it. So I have two, a pink and a black. In these shorts I wear an XS. I am 5'1'' and weigh about 107 lbs with a larger bum and thighs but these shorts look great on me. I don't like Nike or Adidas shorts because I either look like a sausage in them and/or they are too high wasted.The quality of these shorts are really great. They liner was weird at first but now I don't even notice them because theses shorts are light. A very small pocket on the inside that can hold a couple of keys, credit cards, or cash.Overall, really flattering, quality fabric (PVC free) and workmanship. I got both my shorts for under $21.
B004GB1R1U VERY COMFORTABLE AND NICE FITTING! These pants were a little pricey but I really love the way they fit and could not find any that I liked at stores.So overall I would say that they were really worth the money and shipped quickly.
B004GCIFCS not so hot These shorts were cute but began to fall apart at the waistband.  The threads started to literally unravel.  Cheaply made.
B004GCJS3S PUMA PLEASE fix your zippers!! We are Puma Brand LOYALs, and are consistently disappointed with the zippers on the bags.We have had 3 backpacks, 2 purses, and 1 gym bag with zippers whose teeth misalign easily. Why are the zippers so unreliable when the rest of the product is very nice?
B004GCJSTM puma core grip I can put alot of stuff!! Good for books as well! Very lightweight... the only thibg is that the pocket inside is not big enough
B004GCJT0U Love it The bag looks very nice. I like the material it's made of, the things inside would never get wet if it rains. It's sturdy and spacious.
B004GCJT96 Love love love One of my fav bags. Roomy easy to find stuff inside. Fashionable!!! Very durable. I've gotten tons and tons of compliments
B004GEAPBU I totally love these sneakers.  A must get. I loved my sneakers.  First, the colors are very cute, but the most important part is that these sneakers feels so light and comfortable.  It feels like you are stepping on a pillow.  I recomment these to anyone for running, walking, etc.  I train and run all the time and I love them.
B004GEAPBU These Pumas ROCK!! Pretty, pretty, pretty!!!These are the most comfortable shoes I've found since Adidas stopped making the Ozweego style. Really supportive without any inserts- I have plantar facitis, so this is a must!! I stand/run around on a concrete floor all day at work and my feet don't bother me at all anymore. Excellent excellent shoe!! Will most definately buy again!! Thanks Puma!!! XD
B004GEATZ2 perfect Perfect shoes for my 5 year old. Easy to put on. Comfortable and cute for kindergarten no teacher wants to tie shoes during the day.
B004GEATZ2 Very nice! It fits perfectly and my child can walk without any problem at all. He seems comfortable with them ! ! !
B004GEATZ2 Nice for kids perfect finish is good for walking children, encourage all parents to buy their children. closing their magic to make it easier putting them children
B004GEATZ2 super cute delivered timely and super cute. made a nice gift and was as expected.  Puma's are great for kids and make a good product
B004GEATZ2 they held well through the season and more!! Nice attractive shoes and they held well through the entire season. My 6 y.o. wore them daily to the school and she's a very active child. We had no issues with these sneakers whatsoever - I even washed them in the washing machine once - and they held up quite nicely. Definitelly a good buy!!
B004GEATZ2 Cute and Sturdy Cute, Sturdy and a great price.  The Pink is a deep pink red color which is just what we wanted so for us they are perfect!
B004GEATZ2 it is ok bought it for my son , do not dress because my son feet size is 2 , so still put in the drawer ,  it is ok, but looks like fake , very thin.
B004GEAW8G Bright, sporty and fun! I'll be donating these to the Christmas Giving Tree at our church, for needy foster children and am SO pleased to be giving shoes that will delight a little girl. They are classic, but with fun, trendy colors. I love my adult sized Puma's and can count on the quality, so I know this girl's version will be a great gift.
B004GEAW8G Cute These shoes are so cute and they make your feet look itty bitty. I love them. I am not big on sneakers but I wear these with no problem.
B004GEAW8G Pumas My son loved them, very nice colors and the price was great. Hope to get more on sale like that.
B004GEAWR2 Red Pumas I was so surprised to find these sneakers for the price that I did.  These sneakers are usually priced for a lot more money, but I guess that I got very lucky dealing with this seller.
B004GEAXIA awesome love these shoes!! inexpensive even compared to the outlet store. would buy these again for sure. another great deal on amazon :)
B004GEAXRQ Cute and Comfy! My 5-year-old boy loves his new Puma's - they are super cute and he says they are also very comfortable.
B004GEAXRQ My son loves it. Bought this for my 8 years old.My son loves it. That is all.I like the detail of this shoe. Sharp.
B004GEAXY4 Fits well these shoes work extremely well for our 6 year old grandson.  Easy for him to put on himself and wear well.
B004GEAXY4 Great Velcro shoe I ordered this style sneaker as my son always did well for the last few years with a Puma Velcro sneaker. I wasn't sure if either of us would like this particular style of Velcro with the larger flap in front. Was pleasantly surprised and the front lays flat like pictured. He is 8 yrs old and has some special needs but can manage these sneakers. Puma has always run true to size for my son. I like that I can wipe down the front from any dirt from the playground easily. This Velcro style is typical of any Velcro shoe/sneaker, it comes in constant contact with sweats ect it will show a little. That being said, I don't know of Velcro sneaker that won't do this and this sneaker you don't see that until you take it off. I'm again happy with my purchase.
B004GEAZOW Got for my son and I want to steal them! We received these and my son tried them on and told me how comfortable they were.  We wear the same size, so I tried one on and fell in love.  These have got to be THE MOST comfortable shoes I have ever felt.  My husband swears by Asics, but I thought my 9 year old would like these, they looked cooler and more youthful than the Asics.  I wish my husband could try these on to feel them, they feel amazing!  I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone!  Then there was the price, $22.26...I mean you can't buy an off brand for that.  I wish I could give more stars.  Will update later when we know how well they last and stand up to daily use.
B004GEB1GI Super cute shoe! My 5 year old loves her new puma's! They are cute as well as comfy. You can't go wrong with Puma's, always very fashionable.
B004GGUB1M soft-feeling fabric but tough My 10-year-old son loves these pants. He likes a comfortable waist, and these have an elastic waistband like most track pants. The fabric is a pseudo-suede / silky cotton that stands up well to washing machines and dryers. They have some decorative touches, such as piping and reflective stripes, which are stylish. They are very comfortable.
B004GNQIOE Very comfortable and looks good. Very comfortable during and after my runs and looks good. I have no complaints. I will get another Puma sneaker anytime.
B004GNQIOE Awesome Great shoes got here on time I love Puma's!
B004GNQIOE Perfect I loved this product was everything I expected and more. Definitely would buy again excellent and cheaply. Arrived in good condition and have no regrets. My husband still love it,
B004GNQIOE Very Good This shoes is exactly what i was looking for, it has a good design and is very confortable, has the style of puma and still is for sport activity
B004GXBPTC It's not a skort It's a skirt. No shorts underneath. If it were described as a skirt I would have given it five stars. Nice, thick material and tight seams. I'm keeping it as it's hard to find reasonably priced tennis skirts. Still, if you're looking for shorts under the skirt - you won't find them here.
B004HMITYQ Adorable. My daughter looks adorable in this dress and its nice to have girl clothes that are not pink. I like the material and the fit is nice. I have nothing but good things to say about Puma's line of kids clothes.
B004I6C730 Really comfortable I love it when I go to play and put this pair on. Especially when the starter says you can't play in sneakers, I just lift my foot to show the cleats.
B004I6C730 Loving it... I hopped all over this product when the price dropped from $100 to $80 to then $50. No complaints from me. Came with a bag and a spike tool. It also came with a free 12 month issue of Golf Digest or 6 month of Golf World. I took the Golf Digest issues. Great Product.
B004IEMIYA Right price! These shoes look really nice in person. They are very light on the feet and grip the ground quite well. My right shoe almost rubs my little toe raw. They were only $45, I don't expect them to be flawless. So other than that, I am very pleased with this purchase.
B004IEMIYA A great soccer shoe when I wore this boot that's I'm like a glove, is very light and I am not perfect waist, perfect for any field, even those with mud
B004IEMIYA Solid cleats These were my first Puma cleats.  I have been a big fan of Adidas and Nike in the past, but I decided to give these a try.  The first couple times I wore them, they really cut into me on the achilles of both feet.  However, after breaking them in a little bit they are very comfortable. The tongue comes down over the laces to cover the knot nicely and has a little velcro to hold it down. They hold traction well and allow for a good touch on the ball.  I've only played probably 20-30 hours on these,(mostly on indoor turf) so I can't speak too much to the durability, but they are holding up well so far.  For the price, they do a great job.
B004IERPNO Happy "cat" on the U9 team at my house Son has wider feet, these are maybe cut a little more forgiving and accommodate his paws. Worn a whole season without complaints, and asked me to get a bigger size in this style the next season.
B004IERPNO Puma Power Cat 2.0 I've purchased three pairs of Power Cat 2.0 cleats for my two girls (15 & 7)over the past two seasons, including these. Once of my daughters plays competitive soccer 9 months out of the years, so comfort is very important. Both girls have tried other brands and these are definitely their preferred brand and style.  They are made of a very soft leather and are very comfortable and feel light for a leather cleat. They are very comfortable right out of the box--you don't have to break them in. These cleats have "3D Power Shooting Technology" that claims to increase the power of your shot by 10%--and I have to say that I was little skeptical at first, but I think it really does work. The price on Amazon was also a good deal.  Would highly recommend...
B004IETKWS Soccer cleats This soccer shoes fits perfectly fine and they play well on firm ground. I even plan on getting a next 1 for myself.
B004IETKWS Awesome shoes The shoes are great, fit snug like a athletic shoe should, cool colors awesome. Need more characters so blah blah blah
B004IETKWS Look and Feel Great Comfortable cleats. The appearance is very sleek, as well. Great price for such a durable cleat. Would recommend to anyone of all ages.
B004IETKWS I'm a major "Cool Point Recipient" These were for my son.  He says the fit is great.  They are comfortable and he loves the bold color which gives him a litte individuality on the field.  They have held up well thus far.
B004IETKWS Good cleat! The size is accurate (one think you my concern on online shopping) fits great , fils great , three games so far played and I have no complains.I'm not professional player , playing for entertainment so didn't want to spend to much money! This is the cleats I need....
B004IETKWS Great simple cleats Nice looking, effective cleats, just not very well padded. Still, it gets the job done, isn't expensive, and looks great.
B004IETLOA not bad I think it is normal chose, but be careful the size is usuallysmaller than what it is.if you find something better go for it.
B004IETLOA Fast, easy, good price The shoes look great and were priced competitively.  The arrived quickly after I placed my order.  Lots of words required for this review!
B004IETLOA Fantastic These are really comfortable indoor soccer shoes, I'll play forever like a pro. I'll tell to all my friends about it!!!
B004IETLOA excellent thanks to amazon for taking this product as soon they could. the shoes are perfect, i couldn't use them cuz it wasn't my size, but my nephew did
B004IETLOA Cool!!! It was what I want... thank you very much... but next time I will order 10 1/2 because 10 is a little tight for me...Thank you very much... I like it!!!...
B004IETLOA VERY GOOD MY HUSBAND PLAYS A LOT OF TURF SOCCER AND HE HAS WIDE FEET SO HIS SOCCER SHOES DON'T LAST VERY LONG. BUT THESE HAVE LASTED A WHILE NOW AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE! AND THE MAKING OF THEM IS VERY GOOD SO THEY DO NOT LOOK CHEAP AT ALL!
B004IETT74 Love these boots! Great for hard ground and artificial surfaces.  Everything works perfectly: the lacing system, the surfacing, the studs...  Feet my feet perfectly and I like the touch I have when I wear them.  I had Pumas years ago that I loved but hadn't been able to find any in a store to try on.  So I took the plunge and bought these online and was in no way disappointed.  I am usually a 6.5, but sometimes a 7.  Got these in a 6.5 and they're perfect.
B004IPYRLG Got What I Ordered Good shoes. Comfy. Go running in em, go walking in em. Don't go splashing in em :( Got the colorful pink ones cuz those are RAD. It says, bam, look at my shoes. Sweet. Me likey. Were on-time as far as delivery goes. In fact, I think they showed up 2 days earlier than expected. Such is the mega-beast that is Amazon.com. They were like they're supposed to be in a box never used. But then again I paid real numbers for them so why shouldn't I get the stuff?
B004IWRZI6 Gorgeous but... I love it! Excellent quality is super comfortable and looks great. Neither too short or too long, perfect length. The only thing is, I must be use it with a lycra underneath because the fabric is thin. was delivered on time and in perfect condition.
B004IWRZI6 Wore Once Turns out they fit okay but I only wore once then sold them in a garage sale they looked very dated.
B004IWRZI6 Comfortable and breathable These shorts are light weight, breathable and don't ride up during soccer games. They are also good for when I'm lifting at the gym.
B004IWRZI6 Good shorts Great pair of budget shorts, good size and length (was looking for a more modest type short). Good for any type of sport.
B004IWS08U Good Alternative These shorts are a good alternative to long pants and short shorts. The fabric is lightweight and comfortable for workouts. Although these shorts are fitted, they are not skin tight like other shorts.
B004IYJZGE Great Shorts These are nice shorts, they do run a little big...I always wear a size medium (5'9 145lbs) and I had to exchange them for a small, but besides that they are great.  Besides the zippered pocket, they also have to two regular pockets which is doesn't mention, which is great becuase it's hard to find shorts like this with pockets at all.
B004IZLFU2 Best jogging lightweight hoody iv purchased! i wouldnt suggest getting this because youd be cramping my style! haha jk but this jacked is great extremely light weight and durable.  front pocket is awesome! its a great mp3/ stash pocket and the lace/ pull string has a nice plastic caps on the end and the holes where it enters the hood have plastic? maybe metal? grommets with the puma logo on them! Hood has a nice breath design and kind of looks like assassins creed when you put it on.
B004IZLG4C Love them!! I love these shorts!!! They feel really comfortable and they are the perfect length! Cover my knee's but not too long. The pockets are not too deep (usually, shorts with this material have deep pockets) and they don't bulge out when your phone or wallet is in them! However, the reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because these shorts unfortunately do NOT have back pockets. I still wish these came in more colours though!
B004IZLG74 Great shorts - great color wish there was at least 1 pocket. but other wise these are great! I use these shorts for my kickball team and they really stand out.
B004IZLG74 Great shorts no pockets Great shorts, they look great, weigh nothing, dry instantly, and literally are like wearing nothing. My only gripe is they have no pockets whatsoever, which would be desirable.
B004IZLG74 Outstanding!! This type of short has become my new favorite. It has almost no weight with thin material. Feels good on skin and just comfortable to wear during any kind of activity. I highly recommend them. I bought two more pairs just recently.
B004IZLGYC Very tricky zipper! Good jacket and a reasonably good fit too. But the zipper's real tricky, especially near the neck area. The layer under the zipper gets caught in the zipper so often. The way the collar's shaped doesnt help things either. Wouldnt recomend, unless its a great value buy.
B004IZLH50 Gym and home wear These shorts are great for both the gym and around the house.  They are lightweight and allow for a great range of motion.  I prefer them over regular gym shorts if you're just lifting.
B004J4X4CO Great cleats for big feet I have size 17 feet, so finding cleats (especially molded cleats) is difficult. I'm using these for rugby, and they fit better and more comfortably than the Adidas predators or any Canterbury cleats. They have good grip for running and cutting and are far more comfortable running on hard ground than the other shoes. I may stick with the Adidas predators for 15's when scrummaging is involved or on soft fields (I haven't tried either yet), but these Pumas are first on my list of shoes.
B004J4X4KG Lightweight, quick, good traction Cleats are super lightweight, comfy, and after a couple months of use treating me awesome. Great traction. I still can't get over how lightweight they are, I feel so much faster in these.
B004J4X4KG Horrible Matt wore these to three soccer games and they tore on the side It is ashame a shoe that cost so much is made so cheaply!
B004J4X4OM Chafes Horrible chafing on the inside of both heels. Rubbed my skin raw. Tried wearing two pairs of socks, wrapping up my heels, but nothing really helped.
B004J4X4OM Cleats review I got them to play soccer over the summer. They worked okay. They are tight on the sides, especially if you have wide feet, but if you pick a wider width and jog around a little bit with them for a week or two, they should break in fine.
B004J4X4OM good person !! it`s nice a good seller but is recomendaded !! it`s goodBecouse i live in other country and all things sende in formal cause
B004J4X4TW Four Stars i very pleased with the transactions that i made ,  I like very much
B004J4X4TW Good indoor kicks These are solidly built for indoor soccer, but look good enough to wear out for drinks and whatnot. Def recommend if the price is right (I paid $25).
B004J4X4TW thumbs up Son said they are comfortable and he likes the colors. One issue is the color/paint comes off easily when rubbed on gym floor, when sliding.
B004J4X4TW A little snug! These shoes are really nice, but there were a little small for my sons feet.I had to buy him something else for the soccer season.
B004J4X4Z6 Excellent product Excellent product. The design is spectacular, very comfortable, the colors are accurate, have very good finish. Puma is the best..!!!
B004J4X4Z6 Decent cleat; great price. I bought this cleat because I had lost my old ones and I wanted to play recreationally. It's a steal at $38 and I highly recommend it.
B004J4X4Z6 Great Cleats with good price My son loves those due to comfort and style. Price was nice. As usual for puma cleats we go with .5 higher in terms of size. so think .5 higher what you are going to order otherwise excellent cleats.
B004J4X4Z6 nice I don't expect any better for the price. I don't believe in fancy cleats, it's all about comfort, sometimes look for the girls around. Bottom line, they feel the same as 200$ cleats.
B004J4X5WS OK COMFORTABLE, BUT HATE THE TOP FLAP, ITS RUBBER SO STICKS TO YOUR SOCKS AND ROLLS DOWN WHEN PUTTING ON SHOES, BUT BESIDES THTA VERY COMFORTABLE AND EXTREMELY LIGHT
B004J4X5WS perfect!!! excellent for sprints and hot weather!!! they are light and soft... its a shame that the coolest colors aren't available for shpping :/
B004J4X5WS Light and comfort Very easy on your feet. Light and comfortable to wear. I was skeptical at first but I put it on it's a glider. A good purchased
B004J4X5WS Great Mud Run Shoe These shoes helped me by sustituting my other shoes and gives your feet some air and they work great in Mud Runs and are very light on your feet.
B004J4X5WS Good for short runs Great shoes for shorter runs (depending on your definition of short, around 3 miles). Anything above that can be taxing on your feet. I developed serious blisters during 4-5 mile runs, and didn't attempt anything much above that.As for shoe construction, the right insert had the tendency to bunch at the front or back of the foot occasionally, but I solved that with a little duct tape. Otherwise, the lightness felt great. Don't think I'll return to regular-weight running shoes after this, but not so sure I'd purchase this particular model again.
B004J4X6CW Love these sneakers I love being able to slip on and slide off these shoes with such ease.  So comfortable walking miles and miles in the city.  The colors are a brilliant combination.  Great buy!
B004J4X6CW LOVE IT! I was looking for a comfortable sneaker for my Disney World trip last month. I have heard a lot of good things about Pumas so decided to go that route. After reading the reviews I decided to give them a try. I love them!! I got the blue/green ones and they are super cute and definitely fun! I love that they don't have laces and just slip right on. They were true to size and the elastic kinda has the shoe hug your foot for a great feel and great fit. I alway get compliments on them. But the best thing was they are sooo comfortable! I wore them every day on the trip and walked for hours a day with absolutely no complaint! Now Im thinking about getting another color. :)
B004J4X6CW Makes me look sporty I love these shoes so much for everyday! They are comfortable and snug. I am up on my feet all day as a teachers assistant and walking up and downstairs all day. This are great with jeans and fun with the right cropped pant. The only down side is the pink is starting to bleed a little into the white.
B004J4XHMQ Sleek Design and Durable Construction This shoe not only looks great, it is incredibly comfortable and sturdy. I trained for and ran a ten-mile race using these shoes. When I start training for my next race I will definitely purchase another pair.
B004J4XHMQ Best thing I did They feel and look great. I was somewhat skeptical about purchasing sneakers without trying them on but I am not disappointed.
B004J4XHMQ No me sirvieron Los pedi numero 7 y me los enviaron numero 9, y la caja decia numero 7, me siento enga&ntilde;ada decepcionada, no los puedo usar porque no me sirven
B004J4XHMQ Good looking! Happy with this purchase.  Looks really good and very comfortable.  It would be much nicer if it were leather but it looks good anyway.
B004J4XI1G Two Stars after some work it does not good. and you will not like it
B004J4XI3Y Very Comfy This sneaker is really comfortable and looks really nice on.  I thought they were going to be too heavy but they are lightweight also.  Great buy!
B004J4XIIO Wore them out! The suede got dirty pretty quick, and it is a little hard to clean.  I loved them anyway. I got a lot of compliments on them.
B004J4XJ9C Super cute and med. comfort These shoes are really good looking and ive gotten a ton of complements from wearing them. There isnt a large amount of cushion but I like the grip on the bottom of the shoe that prevents slipping. I would recommend these to a friend for sure!
B004J4XJ9C Cute but not convenient I bought the shoes in a local shop in my country six months ago and what a suprise when I feel my feet wet on a rainy day. The problem is that part of the sole is made up of rubber and the other is like a sponge that absorb the water. They can't be used outdoor when weather is rainy.
B004J4XJBK Excellent Shoes came ahead of time, looked exactly as described and the sizes were perfect as well. Very good value for the money.
B004J4XJBK COMFORT The PUMA Women's Espera is the most comfortable footwear I have ever invested in.  I a happy that I made this purchase
B004J4XJBK PUMA Women's Espera III Nu Basic Flat,Blac. PUMA Women's Espera III Nu Basic Flat,Blac. I like the Puma brand buy them for my daughter liked but the number I requested was small and offered for sale, sold quickly.
B004J4XJBK Almsot like wearing a sandal but they cover my ugly toes These shoes are extremely comfortable and excellent for when you want a bit more than just a sandal.  They are well made, comfortable, easy to slip on and off, and are sturdy enough to do some heavy walking in..walking as in shopping.I doubt if I would use these things trail hiking our mountain climbing, but they are certainly nice to have around to throw on quickly and they do go well with many of my summer outfits...if outfits you want to call them.  My friend says I dress "oddly," which I will take as a compliment.I do like the covered toes since I am quite certain my toes are rather ugly and I do not like them on display, yet at the same time I love sandals.
B004J4XMM6 SO comfortable and easy I bought these sneakers to wear at work when I go on occasional lunchtime walks because I wanted something I could slip on under my desk without worrying about lacing. These are perfect! They don't look like old lady sneakers (which slip-ons have the potential to do) and they are surprisingly comfortable. I love them so much that I ended up taking them home, so I guess now I'll need another pair for work :)
B004J4XMM6 Very Comfy These shoes arrived on time for a family member and was in excellent condition, shoes are not easy for her but these are exceptionally comfortably, you will be happy if you choose this brand and style. Mine was a gift for her and well worth it.
B004J4XMM6 Love them! I wear these all summer long. I put in my arch supports cause they are pretty flat. I really like that I don't need to wear socks with them. And I can just slip them on and off. No laces to mess with. I have worn them on working mission trips and at the end of the day my feet still feel good.
B004J4XMM6 My "go-to" summer sneak I have bought several of these little shoes and wear them all summer.  They clean up very well and are very comfortable for dashing around to farmers market, garden center, grocery store, beach.  Elastic can be a bit snug to start, but incrementally long wearings will ease this a bit until you have worn them in.  Limited availability in this color, it seems.  You would not like this shoe if you need/want a lot of footbed support or if you planned to wear them for rigorous or long walking over rough or hard ground.  Suitable for light wear in dry conditions.  Watch the tan line, though, or you will have a pale band of skin across your instep like I did the first summer I wore them - oops!
B004J4XMM6 Puma Sneaker Style doesn't look that great on, but I do like that the strap keeps it on your foot.  Rubber sole not good in wet weather (slippery).
B004J4XMM6 Comfortable and easy to wear I bought these for an upcoming trip, wanted sneakers but not really if that makes sense. These are comfortable with great traction. Looks good with socks or without, depending on how you want to wear them. Really like them.
B004J4XMM6 Great looking sneakers bought this for my gf as a gift and she loves them. Looks very well made, she's had them for over a year and they are still in great shape.
B004J4XMM6 My mom loves these shoes! These shoes were for my mom....she has been wearing these for years.....she has heel spurs and they are very comfy for her!
B004J4XMM6 GREAT SHOES COMFORTABLE THESE ARE STYLISH AND COMFORTABLE AMAZING!!!! MY experience was good itdoes get dirty quick but lopve love these shoes i bopught 3 one for my mom myself and my sister awesome
B004J4XMM6 Cute and comfy These shoes are great! I had to break them in though. The first two times I wore them they rubbed on the back of my ankle so badly. But I bought those big band aids and wore them on the area where the shoes were rubbing. I did that about three or four times, including a lot of walking in an airport. Today I wore them with no band aids and they were perfect. Cute with jeans or yoga style pants.
B004J4XMM6 WIfe loves them My wife wears the heck out of these shoes in the spring and summer.  Can't say enough for making a wife happy.  ;-)
B004J4XMM6 Really cute I wear 7 1/2 and 8 but a 7 in these would have been perfect. Unfortunately I didn't exchange them in time but the 7 1/2 are still working 9 months later. But they are soooooo cute and comfy. One complaint: the bark dust at the playground often finds its way into the shoe.
B004J4XMM6 Very nice shoes Nice shape, colour, very comfortable and modern. Perfect for a day walk. Yes, I would definetely recommend it as a purchase.
B004J4XMM6 So comfy Very comfortable, true to size and easy to slip on and off (for airport travel!).  I love them.  Sometimes Puma shoes can be hit or miss on comfort - these are definitely a hit.
B004J4XMM6 Cute & Comfy I have at least 5 pairs of Puma's and these are by far the most comfortable.  Most of them I just wear because they're cute but not very comfortable but these are the best of both worlds.  By far, my newest favorite sneaker
B004J4XNNO Perfect If I could give 10 stars would be given. I use them every day to get from home to the office. They are beautiful. They are comfortable, the quality is amazing, combined with everything, and my feet thank me, lol I strongly recommend
B004J4XNNO They work and they're comfortable... AFTER you break them in:) I typically wear a size 8.5 and I have a little wider feet, so I went ahead and ordered them in a 9.5 to be safe and while they fit fine and look wonderful on, I have two pretty large, and at one point bloody blisters on my feet from breaking these in. I even worse socks to try and lessen the pain but after wearing them for a week they're just fine. My feet just needed to get used to them but I am prone to getting blisters almost every time I order a new shoes BUT I would still definitely reorder them as they look great for work at the restaurant I host at, and also at the clinic I work in
B004J4XNNO Great work shoe! I wear these shoes to work often.  They look enough like normal flats that they are appropriate for work.  Feel great, my feet don't hurt at the end of the day!
B004J4XNNO Lots of Compliments I wore these for the 1st time at my daughter's graduation party.  I was on my feet all day and had no problems with the shoes.  Perfect, comfortable and cute!
B004J4XNNO Great product! I was looking for a pair of simple flats that I could wear to work but somethings sporty and fun.  Well these are it!  They are super comfy, super cute and I couldnt be happier!
B004J4XNNO Cute little ballet shoes These are really cute ballet shoes. The toe box is definitely deeper than some of their other ballet shoes.  Great for driving. Looks great with capris for the summer.
B004J4XNNO Many complements. I love the way they look. It took little while to break them. The gray rim that is in the back is kind of hard so it gave me blisters the first time I wear it. After while it got better.
B004J4XNNO No Problems Shoes were just as expected and were delivered quickly.  Deducted 1 star because of price.  If if would of done a little shopping around I could have purchased for less money. But for the convenience I decided to order.
B004J4XNNO Need breaking in... These chafed on my heels and baby toes at first. Once I broke them in they became my faves. I'll look for more in the fall.
B004J4XNNO casual/sporty My loves these shoes. They are sporty and casual at the same time. She also loves the comfort. She has had simular shoes by Sketchers and she likes these a little better. I think they look better.
B004J4XNNO Pretty and cool lookin. The shoes are great. They are dressy and still are pumas. They came in record time and the price was very fair.
B004J4XNNO Very cute I purchased these shoes because I wear a lot jean and dark blues. Because I'd already bought the black/pink/grey shoes (in store) identical to the blue/yellow, I felt it was safe to go ahead and order the same size. Unfortunately, I had to break them in on account they were a little short. If there is anything more annoying when purchasing shoes (besides settling on a color) it's breaking them in. Advice...order the next 1/2 size up.
B004J4XNNO Extremely comfortable This is my second pair of Puma Zandy's! So comfortable and cute. Would definitely recommend and am planning on getting yet another pain!!
B004J4XNNO very cute and casual i like them, they are nice and cute for a sporty or casual look while still being feminine.its definitely my style.i wish it had more support in the sole and its just a little constricting in the front because of the shape of the shoe and i wear a size 11.i wish it was all black as well.
B004J4XNNO Luv this product!! Great purchase with many compliments I am very satisfied with the product!! I had no problems receiving the product. It actually arrived at the date expected. Luv these shoes, they are soo comfortable, and sporty. I received compliments on the 1st day wearing them. Overall, I am satisfied with the purchase. I
B004J4XNNO Love my Pumas I have these flats in 3 colors!  Used for a comfortable work flat, I get many compliments.  They are more casual, but I am still able to use them with work slacks as an alternative to heels.
B004J4XNNO very comfortable shoe able to wear right away, no wearing in and I highly recommend them, I have other/different flats by Puma and will by more.
B004J4XNNO Comfy & Stylish Comfortable, stylish, fashion statement. Was apprehensive at first to purchase as it says narrow but once I received and tried them on, the rest is history!!  Wished they have them in more colorful selections.But i am definitely getting other colors soon.
B004J4XNNO Five Stars Just as expected.
B004J4XNNO Puma Women's Zandy Casual Shoe They fit  right away like a glove, no need to stretch or walk them in !! Have 5 pairs now & will buy more in the future.
B004J4XNNO A gift I Got it as a gift for my wife, she loves it comfy and stylish. It's as perfect as expected.
B004J4XNNO A+ I love these flats. Very comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I really like the way they look with black pants. I would buy these again.
B004J4XNNO Adorable These are so cute, true to color, and comfortable. I LOVE Puma flats they are always so comfortable. I have problems with most flats because they rub my Achilles tendon raw, but these never do, which is why I own so many of them. I will say that I am a pretty solid size 8, but I absolutely need a 7.5 in Puma flats (ALL of them). They also tend to be slightly wider than normal so there's extra room there too.
B004J4XNNO super comfy So glad i bought these shoes! They are really cute and super comfy. As soon as i put them on they felt like slippers. Glad i got a half size larger. I have a little room up front, but due to my slightly wide foot, it fits great on the sides without pinching
B004J4XNNO Comfy but can wear with dress pants! As a teacher of kindergarten students it is hard to find comfy shoes that I can move all around but still look professional.  These shoes are perfect!
B004J4XNNO Easy on the feet At this point I now own six pairs of Zandy's -- and am order a couple more.  Comfortable, easy to wear and enough colors to find a pair for just about every occasion.
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes Love that they are comfortable but more importantly that they are stylish.  I can wear them often and they don't look like they are tennis shoes! Love love love them!
B004J4XNNO Fabulous Flat Love this shoe, get lots of compliments every time I wear them.  Took them to Italy with me to wear as dressy flat.  Walked around Rome quite a bit in the evenings and it was very comfortable, no blisters like my companions had in their flats.
B004J4XNNO Desirable There is no where in my city that I can purchase a pair of pumas like these!! As soon as the snow melts, I will be ready to kick it up in these pumas. They are very comfortable. You don't even need to wear socks. Just rub baby oil or vasaline  on your feet and you can wear these with anything, even a dress!!
B004J4XNNO These Puma's Rock These flats are awesome, so comfortable and cute!  I've gotten many compliments on them and they're great for running around.  I do recommend scotchguarding the suede parts to prevent them for getting soiled too quickly. They are white and so they do soil easily.  I scotchguarded mine - that helps.  You do need to be judicious where and when you where them.
B004J4XNNO Yayyyy Me! Okay so I received my shoes on time, (thank you Amazon) opened the box and there it was, I tried it on and wah-la, perfection., I bought it in Grey and Black Patent. I may seem extremely excited to you, but when you have size 10 feet its hard to find Ballet Flats, that actually look cute and not make your feet appear wider or larger, I am extremely happy with this purchase and may buy one in another color, Great to walk around in, true to fit. Just lovely!
B004J4XNNO Love the shoes!! Most comfortable and versitile for work and casual!  Definitely going to get the all black ones.  Can wear with Jeans or black work pants.
B004J4XNNO Great for everyday with everything These are super comfortable, well-made and durable, and for someone who can't wear heels often, the color combos of the many selections make it possible to wear a pair with anything and everything, well, not for going out at night.  They are my dailies.
B004J4XNNO I use them for work ! It is hard to find cute and comfortable work shoes but these do the trick!I'm on my feet a lot for work and these shoes are very comfortable.I would suggest ordering  a size up.
B004J4XNNO Puma Zandy Ballet Slippers These shoes are true to size, 5.5. Very comfortable, cuter in person than in the picture.  I would buy them again.
B004J4XNNO Surprisingly cute shoe Somehow I didn't expect Puma to make a flat that is so cute and can be worn on so many occasions -- with jeans or with dress slacks. And it's very comfortable -- I had to break it in for a few days but now it fits perfectly.  I've had it for a couple of weeks and intend to find other Puma flats for this summer.
B004J4XNNO Puma wins again Cute, spunky and adorable ballet flat.  I have received nothing but compliments and questions about where I purchased them ever since they've arrived. The only downfall is they run slightly large...I think all Pumas are doing that now.
B004J4XNNO Cute Comfort! These are sneakers with attitude! They have all of the comfort of a tennis shoe (right out of the *box* comfort; I put them on and walked around for hours right after getting them), and they are cute as can be. I've had them for a week now, and have never worn them without getting compliments. (In fact, three friends have come on here and have *bought* the shoes.) I liked them so much, I got them in navy, too. The navy are great with jeans, but they both can be worn with jeans, slacks, maybe even skirts.....these will go anywhere. They are true to size and width, and of course, amazon had them here in record time. Buy them and put them on your feet. It will be a life-is-good series of moments.
B004J4XNNO I love this shoe This sneaker fits well and is extremely comfortable.  I own several pairs in different colors.  I would buy this style again
B004J4XNNO Great shoes! I LOVE these shoes! They are casual enough to wear with jeans (and even black socks when it's cold out) but just dressy enough to wear with skirts, capris or skinny pants. They are very light and comfortable.
B004J4XNNO Great shoes My daughter loves these shoes. They are well made, stylish and comfortable. The price is not very competitive with other online stores or the manufacturer, but happy still the same. Happy kid, happy customer.
B004J4XNNO Comfy Very comfortable and great for walking around in. Just don't walk through loose gravel, the little rocks easily slip over the low sides and into the shoes.
B004J4XNNO Comfy AND Stylish These flats were the most comfortable of any I've owned.  The soles almost felt like there was memory foam in them.  The shoes are very sporty-looking.  I've already gotten numerous compliments from both men and women.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable These sneaker flats are extremely comfortable and the type of shoe that you can wear anywhere, dress up or down.
B004J4XNNO Cute, comfortable, and good for wide feet! I got the black patent, mesh, grey suede with pink writing.  They are just as cute as they look.  I bought a size 8, and I typically wear a 7.5-8 depending on width.  These do run a little larger than some Pumas.  I feel that Puma run a little small, but these size 8 are very roomy.  They are a nice width and because I got the 8 they will not need to stretch out, and therefore will not get funny looking.  They were very comfortable right out of the box.  My purpose was to get something cute and sporty that would be comfortable and still be appropriate for work situations where I needed to be a on my feet a lot but still look nice.  I wore them with jeans and a nice black blouse, super cute.  Then I wore them with black yoga pants and a white tee-shirt, super cute.  If you are on the fence, get these.  They are super versatile, give you the confort and brand recognition you may be looking for since you are looking at Puma, and are cute.  If your feet are narrow this might be an issue, in that case I would size down .5 sizes.
B004J4XNNO Best shoes ever Lovey Puma Zandy's- have 3 pairs! Comfy, casual, like wearing sneakers. The patent trimmed ones are a little more dressy- they are terrific!
B004J4XNNO Puma Ballet Flats I was very satisfied with this purchase.  These flats have a substantial sole so that I can comfortably wear them walking through the city.
B004J4XNNO great shoes these are a great alternative to sneakers or standard ballet flats -- these are comfortable, cute and waterproof too.  highly recommend.
B004J4XNNO Zandy by Puma I buy these in the black patent & the grey/black/white combination whenever I can find them  I always have someone stop me & ask what they are & where can they find them
B004J4XNNO Robin's Thoughts These shoes are exactly what I expected. They are comfotable and supportive; and dressy enough for work! I encourage anyone to buy these.
B004J4XNNO Cute but need to be broken in with bandaids on the back of your ankles! I really like these but boy where they ever painful when I first wore them!  I actually have not worn them since, but the backs of my ankles ended up being bloody and torn apart by the backs of these shoes.  I bought them because I saw them on someone and figured they would be comfortable during my commute to work on the NYC subway.  Instead, they caused so much pain I almost could not walk when I was heading home that evening and only after I was able to get band aids.I will wear them again but will keep the bandaids while wearing them always...Had I know, I would have stuck to my heels and saved the money for some actual sneakers instead but they are still cute and otherwise they fit fine.
B004J4XNNO Cute My wife loves these, says they are extremely comfortable and they breathe very well. Great for warm days, around the house, out in casual, she uses them daily.
B004J4XNNO Go Puma! I would buy these again in lots of other colors Great shoes. Love them. Comfortable and stylish. Ordered grey ones too. They are just perfect for looking nice when leaving the house unlike my klunky tennis shoes.
B004J4XNNO OMG I have found them! All my life...I have searched for life's biggest paradox (maybe just for women) a comfortable shoe that is actually cute! Eureka!!! These shoes are soooo nice, and sooo comfortable. I am a medical student, and I put these babies to the test, running up and stair and hospital corridors for 10 hrs a day. My feet were completely happy all day long. And I just can't stop  myself from looking down at my feet to admire them! I am going to order these in more pretty colors! First time Puma buyer, life-long fan :)
B004J4XNNO cute n comfy i love these shoes... they fit perfectly and very comfy for work or play!! can't wait to order more colors!
B004J4XNNO Love! Super comfy. These are very comfortable shoes - I was able to walk all day in NYC so that is alot!I have two colors and for a cute casual look these are perfect.  Definitely recommend. I got 1/2 size up both times I've purchased (wear 6.5 usually but I got 7 in these).
B004J4XNNO Spreading like wildfire I saw these on a coworker and purchased them as a gift for my wife. She wears them nonstop and after seeing her wearing them, two of her sisters purchased them as well.
B004J4XNNO Blisters Very cute at first , and I was super thrilled. However they really tore up my heels when I went for a walk on my lunch. Not as comfy as the sneakerina.
B004J4XNNO Puma shoes Everything was perfect.Received item on time. Happy customer.However it is really hard having to write a long review for everything you buy when you simply love it
B004J4XO10 My wife loves her shoes Purchased for my wife, reviewed by my wife:"They're super comfortable, they look great, and they're exactly what they're advertised to be.  I wear them to work (a teacher) and they're comfortable all day long.  And they attract the ladies."dictated but not read
B004J4XQL8 Fall!! A shoe for boys but if us girls can fit they hey why not? Worn with lighter colored apparel and feminine graphic tees made me feel like a smart shopper cause I bought these kicks for $10 :D
B004J4XQL8 PUMA Lazy Slip On Fashion Sneaker White-Fern Green Good days please I need to know the estatu of my shoes PUMA LAZY SLIP ON FASHION SNEAKER, WHITE-FERN GREEN, US WOMEN 11.5/ US MENS 10 D
B004J4XQL8 Perfect slip on These shoes are the perfect slip on shoes. They are a great value, and they go with nearly anything, great shoe.
B004J4XQL8 My Fave! I have these in black and pink. They are super duper comfortable! Great casual comfy shoe for every day wear. I would definitely buy more.
B004J4XQL8 Very thin cotton These appear to be of great quality but are not. They are made of very thin cotton and you can literally see toes through the top. They lasted about 2 months and are done.
B004J4XQW2 Excellent Ilike this puma shoes i find in the store and the just a moment i buyed it i like it
B004J4XRJ4 VERY NICE PUMA WOMEN. I RECOMEND TO BUY IT. I BOUGHT THIS TO MY SISTER AND SHE LOVED.
B004J4XS1G Not bad I have to say I bought this puma's just for the looks and surprisingly are really comfortable. So yes they look cool and comfortable. I bought the black-silver metallic and I couldn't be happier.
B004J4XTC4 I love these Very comfortable shoes, fit very well. Only reason I didn't give it a 5th star is that its a little stiff when cold outside because the rear cushion is plastic.
B004J8HN2C shirts are great The 2 shirts are just fantastic. my son love them and wear them all the time until they just got smaller for him.the pants are ok too, not bad at all.
B004JF5R1Y Very pretty Arrived on time and in it's original box and my daughter loves them - they are very pretty in person and fits her very wel
B004JF5R1Y Well made sneakers for kids My daughter is very tough on shoes as most 2 year olds are and these sneakers are wonderful at keeping up and still looking like new.  Their easy to slip on and the grip is great for climbing around the slides and jungle gyms.
B004JF5R1Y Love them!!! I got these shoes for my 1.5 y/o toddler!!! They look amazing and fit her very well!!! I am glad I decided to but these trending Pumas for my toddler as they seem very comfortable! She looks so cute in them!!!
B004JF5R1Y Very cute sneakers for a girl They are really cute. They are very light weight. My girl liked it a lot.I would recommend it for sure.
B004JF5R1Y Puma's for my picky girls My daughter is 3 yrs old and picky. I am so happy that she loves these sneakers, they look great.
B004JF5R1Y Cute! These shoes are very cute. My four year old loves the pink and sparkles. The ease of the straps are nice for running outside.
B004JF5R1Y very nice the shoes are great, but are larger fitting. very well made. colur is nice and so cute. well worth the price.
B004JF5R1Y Puma shoes Drift Cat III My daugher loves them and it is hard trying to get her to try a different shoe, would buy again for her but will try to get her to try one of the other Puma shoes as the selection is very good
B004JF5S7M Stylish Cute and comfortable. Great for daily use. My son wears them almost everyday. My daughter also has a pair, we love them with skinny jeans!
B004JF5S7M Puma Awesomeness These shoes are extremely cute and stylish.  They are easy for my son to put on when in a hurry.  Fast shipping and product as ordered.  Great purchase.
B004JF5TQW Great Fits my 5 year old perfect. Great condition and exactly as described. Was a perfect gift for my daughter. Thanks again
B004JF5WMI Great  soccer cleats! Fit was true to size - My daughter pulled them out of the box and was off to the soccer field !  No problems, no breaking in.  She loves them!
B004K00GLE Great cleat for the price Playing pick up soccer and wanted an affordable but decent cleat.This one does the trick.Exactly what I wanted & expected.
B004K00GLE its good like it. laces come off a lot at times. grip - good, shape on shots - good, overall feel - excellent
B004K00GLE Grandson loves them! I bought these for my grandson who is using them in ultimate frisbee!  He loves them!  The fit is great and so far, so is the wear and tear!
B004K00GLE very very very very good for price Fits well and gives great touch when in play..soft heels and very comfortable. don't let weight full you great great
B004K00GLE A Must Have. These cleats are masterpeieces. I have always ran in Puma shoes and cleats, but these are by far the best cleats I have ever worn. I can barely even feel them on my feet. But oh man can I feel the massive amount of grip they give me when I spring, juke, or jump. They came on time, the look sexy a hell, they are super affordable, they haven't given me any problems, and they last forever. I love these cleats.
B004K00GLE Good cleat I use these for kickball and they are just a touch big on me but if I just make sure I tie they tight they work great. Light weight and a solid cleat for kickball or soccer.
B004K00GLE puma cleats Very happy with this purchase. Very comfortable rite out of the box. I recommend puma for anything soccer related. Good stuff
B004K00GTG Excellent My daughter has these cleats and they have held up well. She says they are the most comfortable cleats she has worn.
B004K00GTG Amazing soccer cleats! I bought these for my daughter and she looked amazing on the soccer field this past school year.  Thank you for the great pricing and free shipping on this awesome product!  Very please and would definitely purchase puma soccer cleats again, the colors are beautiful!
B004K00GTG GREAT They fit great! I played a season in them,they are intact. They were fine.. lol I loved the colors they came in
B004K068PW Great shoes! These are some of the best cleats on the market! They are solid, the cleats are hard plastic (no metal spikes) and are priced affordably. You get way more for your money than other brands.
B004KT6OQG He loves it. I bought this for my son who loves this sneaker and is asking me to buy more for him, I only hope this sneaker will last longer than the other ones I bought for him.
B004LC3UIW Decent Golf Spikes These fit well and are comfortable.  They are a decent set of golf spikes. My husband is a new golfer and likes them.
B004LC3UIW Great just one thing... These shoes as stated above are great. They look better than any golf shoe at my course. I get compliments on them all the time. The only thing is since they are not all leather, it will take a few rounds to break in the heel portion. If you have wide feet you may want to get a bigger size and wear a thicker sock. I like to wear very thin socks and got a size 13 which is my normal size. The first couple of rounds I developed a blister on my right heel because the canvas does not stretch like normal leather. About round 3 or 4 they were broken in. Just be prepared and do not take them out walking a course the first few times. Ride in a cart and then maybe you can walk a course in them. Again, they are amazing looking and do a great job.
B004LT0F8I Water-resistant not waterproof It's a synthetic shoe. Your feet will get wet if there is a significant amount of water you are standing in.Other than that, they are great. I re-spiked them 4 different times.
B004M4DBGA Golf by Puma This is a great buy an I like fashion...as noted in other reviews they do run smaller but the price and comfort is there...I recommend these for the leisure golf outing and I have multiple pairs of golf shoes for all courses, comfort, and company...so it was a great addtion to my collection.
B004M6DA32 Looks awesome, but confusing to use It looks exactly as pictured!  My only complaint would be that it is confusing to set and use as the product does not come with any instructions.
B004MF8ITO Love my PUMAS! I've worn these to the course dozens of times now. The construction is great and the insoles really help my feet - I can play 36 holes in these shoes easily!  The water-resistant material is also very convenient.
B004MF8ITO Puma womens sunny golf shoe Extremely comfortable but the top two shoelace loops broke after a couple of wears. I had them repaired by Puma but one of the holders broke again. Very unfortunate as the comfort is fantastic. I'm still wearing them though. Sizing is good.
B004MF8KW4 Love them Great looking. Great design. Very comfortable. Nice colours. Very nice finish. Have not used they much so don't know how durable they are. And washable.
B004MF8KW4 Grrrrrrrrr!!! PUMA!!!! Very nice tenis, me pinchi liked them a lot, no me los quito ni para going to sleep. very recomendatios a lot.
B004MF8KW4 Picky husband approves My husband is very picky but loved these shoes. Would give them five stars but we are both not crazy about the way they look. Vanity aside, the price is awesome and like I said, he loved the fit, comfort, and function on the golf course.
B004MF8KW4 Good! Good, but not super~Fair, reasonable price.I will recommned to my friends.I give 3.5 stars to this product.
B004MF8KW4 Excellent buy! I wasn't sure at first if the pictures would match the product the would be sent to me?  To my surprise they surpassed my expectations.  I will continue ordering products from [...]!
B004MF8KW4 Great look, not so comfortable I love the looks on these shoes, the spikes have a great design that doesn't pick up too much grass. I have played about 3 rounds since I got them; the only con I have is that they are a bit stretch and I am ending up with sore feet after 18 holes.I guess this would be fixed with time while they loosen up, or at least I hope it will.
B004MF8KW4 Everyone Comments "How Cool" At first I was tentative about this purchase but I am so glad I did.I Was looking for a inexpensive, fully waterproof, lightweight, comfortable shoe with great cleats. Bingo! I found them! So comfortable - right out of the box. I play Diamante (2013 world's 59th best course) - lots of sand dunes. They keep out everything... sand, water and still retain comfort and awesome grip. Easy to clean too. On a side note - everyone from the pro's to the caddy's comment about how cool they look. Trendy but sophisticated. Not garish at all. I bought the 9.5W and its a perfect fit for my wide feet. Love em! Go get em!
B004MF8KW4 Great Comfort and Looks Pumas have always been great shoes for other athletic endeavors from my younger days in the 70s.  As a golfer from the age of 12, lately I have gone to the more athletic golf shoe for comfort. I've had Nikes, Foot Joys, and Adidases. These are the best. I play frequently and these are well worth it. Generally, in tournaments, I wear my my leather shoes, but now these are great, and look so. Go Rickie Fowler, Puma owes you and welcome to Golf, Puma.
B004MMFR7S Cute! I bought this for my daughter's United Nations Day at school where she had to represent a part of her heritage.  It was very cute as part of a soccer outfit and she still gets a great deal of wear out of it.  Great quality and comfortable!
B004NTQ52G Good Buy I have been pleasantly surprised by the fit and feel of these shoes. They feel like a great fitting puma shoe with better street grip for motorcycle riding.  The offer very limited protection but they are good off the bike and look great as well. These are not for the track or serious canyon carving but great around town or for a short work commute.  I am very happy with my purchase and as always Amazon's Internet Marketplace and shipping are top notch.
B004OETZWM loose collar this shirt looks good and feels great,but the collar is way too big.unless you have a very big neck-dont buy
B004OY3B86 Great Service! Shipper was very courteous about my request to ship quicker and very responsive.  The product even arrived a day earlier then expected! Will be using them again!
B004OY3B86 Puma is the best I own 26 pairs of pumas of various styles and colors and all of which was purchased for a specific puma or GTM tracksuit. These puma fit well, looks nice and I love the design.
B004PA21ZI Awesome Wao is a perfect shoes i m a restaurant owner and puma sorai is my shoes For work i love it
B004PA21ZI great Shows are awesome arrived on time and doing work at the gym Really good shoes Recommeded and good pricePumas the only way to go
B004PRWRRS Love them!! I love these shorts!!! They fit great, are extremely comfortable. A thick cotton blend. Thick, so not see through, which is good because they are white. The Waist band is comfortable and the ties are nice. I love the color tones on them. They are my favorite shorts!
B004Q5VA4A Wonderful windbreaker from Puma. The Puma Wind running jacket looks great and does exactly what it should. It's black with silvery/grey trim. It has Puma's "USP" moisture management system that seems to work well. The jacket keeps you dry and blocks wind well, but breathes well enough that you're not a sweaty mess in 12 seconds. This jacket has two zipped pockets and on the inside these pockets sorta form open-at-the-top pouches. It has a Puma cat logo on the chest and a USP logo centered along the bottom on the back. I really like the grey vertical stripes along the front--very slimming. About the only downside are the cuffs...they aren't so much a negative as they could have been better since they want to get stuck on my watch and are sometimes in the way when I want to layer. On the good side they don't let wind up the arms and they aren't too tightly cuffed. Overall though, this is a great jacket; it's functional and attractive.The jacket runs a bit small. I have this and a similar Adidas jacket both in XL. This one is significantly smaller. It still fits fine, but is more limited for layering possibilities. It is 100% polyester and made in China. Machine wash gentle, no tumble dry. I hang it on a plastic hanger over the tub, and it dries quickly with no bad wrinkles.
B004R6EOUK Beware stinky feet! These little slip-on sneakers are super-cute.  The only reason why I almost never wear them is because they really make my feet STINK!  I have washed them repeatedly, still with the same result.  The insoles are glued down, so you cannot remove them (in order to wash) without damaging the shoe!
B004R72BRC Love it I love this bag I want it in black, holds alot of my day to day things. I love that it is very simple.
B004S08HE4 Love this pants They are soft, light, comfortable and look really cool, my son loves them and I think I am getting another few.
B004S08HE4 picky kid--winning pant! My son has autism and is very picky about textures. This pant nailed it.  It looks great, fits well, and is comfortable. (We have been in shorts for three years-ugh!).  Thank you!!!
B004S08HE4 Going back These Puma pants were very large in the waist compared to other Puma track pants recently purchased at a department store.  My son is too skinny to fill these out and would outgrow the length before they would stop falling down.  These will be going back.
B004S08HE4 Tapered They are completed tapered at the bottom which was not listed.  Also thinner then expected for a puma brand. Not happy but what else should I expect for a $20 puma pair of pants.
B004S08HE4 stunk Received these pants and they stunk of chemicals..i washed them twice and they still stink. Its too bad because they are nice pants.
B004S08HE4 Nice Bought as part of an outfit for my grandson for Christmas and he likes it all a lot. Looks sharp and his favorite kind of pants.
B004S08HE4 Arrived on time and was just what I was looking for! Very easy for my disabled son to pull on and off by himself.  He loves them Arrived on time and was just what I was looking for! Very easy for my disabled son to pull on and off by himself.  He loves them.
B004S08HE4 Not for winter These are way too light for winter. They have small mesh holes that the wind will go right through. Definitely a spring or summer pant.
B004S08HE4 Great pants My son put them on right away. He really likes the way they feel on cold winter day. One more
B004S08HE4 very comfy My son is this so they were a little big but very comfy. He wears them a lot to play outside
B004S08HE4 Perfect for soccer practice These are perfect for our sons soccer practice which is an indoor enclosure that is only semi heated.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Works great.
B004S08HE4 Puma pants Great pants, very comfortable and 'airy'. My sons loves these so much he's making them into s Saturday uniform. Price is a little steep!
B004S08HE4 Four Stars a gift for my grandson who is quite happy with it.
B004S08HE4 Did Not Match Puma Jacket I purchased these Puma athletic pants to combine with the navy Puma jacket but when they arrived I noticed almost immediately that the colors were different.  One was a lighter navy than the other.  Loved the outfit but when its that noticeable, it just wasn't feasible to keep the items.  I returned these pants and the jacket and was given a fulll credit.
B004S08HMG Fine Shorts We were disappointed that these shorts didn't have pockets. They are fine. unlined. just fine. My first Puma purchase. I expected more design. but yes, they are ok.
B004S08HMG love these shorts my son is in a body cast for the summer so I needed loose fitting, but with a strong elastic to keep him from getting to his feeding tube. I ordered the exact size I thought he would need and they fit perfectly. THese are nice looking sport shorts. He can wear them over the cast to summer school and they look so neat and fabulous with a neon tee. He is also very comfortable in them. THey do not trap sweat which is a huge plus with sitting in a  heavy cast in summer.
B004S08HMG Great shorts! Great shorts!
B004S08HMG Wears them all the time My son put them on almost immediately. He loves them and they are definitely his go to shorts while sofa surfing
B004S08HMG iowa very good item good service,durable material for washing and wears good for the tough outdoors and farm or school sports
B004S08HMG Puma Rules - Son says My son like Puma clothing.  He wears these practically everyday if I let him.  No problem with materials.  So I suggest they are a great buy.
B004S4V10C great pants! i bought these capri length yoga pants for my 5 yr old and we both love them! they are light and look great!
B004S6WF64 Cute Soccer cleat for a 3 year old beginning to playsoccer I bought this mainly due to the fact it was one of the few soccer cleats available in toddler shoe sizes for my son.  I am very happy with them.  The shoes are well made and will last through my son's first season of soccer.  They are easy to put on and don't fall off of his feet while running (velcro closure is secure).  The bottom of the cleat is not too 'spikey' as I say so safer for a younger player in my opinion.  My son would not take them off the day the package arrived.
B004S6WF64 Soccer Cleat Overall a nice soccer cleat. They run a little small. Held up for the entire season. The shoe is lighter than other brands which was great for a little one - enabled him to focus on the kicking the ball rather than heavy shoes. Also nice to have a Velcro strap which allowed him to put on his own shoes as well as saved us from the dreaded untying during the games! Would certainly recommend the style but watch the sizing.
B004SGGLQ4 Great Cleats! My son plays and trains for soccer 5 days a week.  These cleats are his favorites!  His feet are wide and Puma cleats have always fit him the best.
B004SGPXVI wrong shoes in the right box...? Not sure if I got the shoes that someone else returned. The label on the box matches to what I ordered, but the shoes is something totally different. It seems to ship out from AMZN and maybe they should check the content, just like the real retail store? 1 star to AMZN and not this shoes given that they shipped it out on time.
B004SGPXVI The favorite so far... I bought these for my 7 (now 8) year  old at the beginning of the summer. They are getting too small and yet he doesnt want to part with the ease velcro brings and he also remembers all the compliments he has received over the last 5 months he has had these! Wish they came in a youth 4!! They go with everything! Thanks Puma and Amazon!
B004SGQ1F0 Nice sneakers My daughter was so happy when they arrived - she loves them. They look pretty and cool! Very solid and everything allright so far!
B004SH11NG Puma Cell Tolero 2 V My 4 year old likes very much the look of the sneaker. My only comment is that the instep is a bit low and when she is wearing her school uniform socks (which are thick) the velcro closure is too short and the shoe is not properly secured.  I recognize that my daughter has a high instep and on top of that the socks are thick. Otherwise the sneaker are spectacular.
B004SH1Y10 Comfortable sweatpants with a good fit! My son loves these sweat pants! He says they are very comfortable. They fit well with a comfortable waistband and soft material. He is quite picky and will only wear these puma sweats! My only complaint us that they snag easily due to the mesh material, thus the 4 star rating.
B004SH1Y10 Nice pants no drawstring In description it says the pants have a drawstring when in reality they have an elastic waistband, no drawstring.  The pants seem fine but without a drawstring the size 7 does not stay up on my super skinny 8 year old.  They probably would fit most kids but if your child is very narrow like my son than a drawstring is really a necessity and these pants won't work.
B004SH20NQ Five Stars Super cute shorts for my little boy!
B004SH2766 very stylish Love it! it looks good on my son. I would recommend it to anybody. I love Puma products for toddlers.
B004SKQTGW so cute and fun! My 3 year old loves his pumas!! He never falls when he's wearing them and they are really comfortable! They are a little slow to get on, but once on they are awesome!
B004SKQTGW Hard to put them on I purchased for my 2 year old , we don't use them much because it's hard to get the tongue of the shoe out.  Hard to put on, You have to undo the top and then try to pull the Tongue out which is hard because there is not much space to pull it out.
B004SKQTGW An amazing 2nd step shoe. An amazing step up from crib shoes for a newly walking toddler.I bought a different style also, but these seems to be easier for the little guy to walk in.
B004SUANZU good deal, nice shoes i tried these on at a Puma store in Chicago while on vacation. the 10.5 were a perfect fit for me, and since i have historically been a 10.5, i would say that these are &#34;true to size.&#34; this is *very* important to check with puma, as it is *not* the case with all of their shoes. i had done some ordering online of puma for different models, and required 2 or 3 tries to &#34;get it right&#34; so i do recommend trying on puma in-store, in general. these seem like a safe bet for true to size though.they are comfortable, the price was very good, and i would recommend them as a cool-looking kind of retro-soled casual wear sneaker.
B004SUANZU great They are really comfortable, I get compliments all the time, I wear them mostly during the weekends, sometimes to work, I guess people always have a good reaction once they see the Puma logo.
B004SUANZU Happy wife Bought them for my wife, we both play Futsal, got tiered of watching her slide all over the place. She loves those shoes. They provide good traction and fit right.
B004SUANZU ... i live it is a diferent model so I liked it the most for where i live it is a diferent model so I liked it the most. great product
B004SUANZU They're green and comfortable If you don't want green suede shoes, or don't want people to notice your feet, don't buy these. If you like having noticeable shoes and green is a color you can enjoy, then these are for you.Fit is like most &#34;classic&#34; soccer shoes. I have two pairs of Pumas and 5 pairs of Sambas (2 Millenniums) and the fit is very similar.
B004SUANZU well got them before i moved! magically got these earlier than expected,but i still wanted them by the 27th..anyway they are cool.had a pair of these in kindergarten in germany..circa 1985...still rocking them love PUMA always will.
B004SUANZU Five Stars Great shoes. They look sick and are comfortable. Nothing to complain about.
B004SUANZU Comfy shoe Although I don't use these for indoor ball as I'd originally intended to, I wear them almost every day and like them very much. They have a spacious toe box which, during play, was a little too loose. But it's perfect for walking around.
B004SUANZU Super Comfortable I believe these are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever worn.  I have a flat foot so I decided to stop wearing the less supportive sneakers like &#34;Chucks&#34; because they left my feet and ankles a little sore by the end of the day. Unfortunately I read the reviews AFTER I ordered the first pair so I got my regular size and sure enough my toes were at the very top while sitting so I knew that if I were to walk in them all day they would hurt.  I sent them back and got a half size larger.  They fit wonderfully.
B004SUANZU I like it, but cannot dance as well in them I bought these along with a pair of puma suedes to breakdance in.  The suedes (non-liga) were more comfortable.  These are ok, but not as sturdy, so not the best.Still really comfortable to walk in.
B004SUANZU Slick, comfortable - sized slightly smaller than I expected I've always gotten leather Puma's... which go in and out of production...Those stretch at least a little bit.  I think these will too, but more gradually..
B004SUANZU Three Stars Thanks
B004SUANZU I like em I'm a size 14, and ordered the 14.  They fit great, and also look awesome.  The suede is soft enough that I don't think it will crack, and the rubber sole is solid.  Fast order too! Only took 3 days!
B004SUANZU awesome color great stylegreat comfort  fits perfect,, very happy.would recommend and purchase again , perfect A's  baseball team colors go A's
B004SUANZU easy classy I like this shoes !!!Looking good for my husband :-)It's really good with jeans or denim, casual !
B004SUANZU there are good Arrived soon, in good conditions, in exactly colors i choose, they are confortables, really a good. My daugther is happy
B004SUANZU Nice looking but seems a little short even though I'd ... Nice looking but seems a little short even though I'd bought a larger size. After wearing for a few hours one of my feet felt like it was burning so I don't have high hopes of these being comfortable
B004SYIOPW Seriously, they don't show. My hubby loves these no shows. I bought 3 more packs after he asked for more.  He actually good willed all his other brands.
B004SYLT1I Very comfortable These socks are ultra comfortable and sharp looking socks.  However, if you are looking for "no-show" socks and have feet size towards the smaller end of the sizing charts I would recommend looking elsewhere (this is the only reason why I didn't give the rating 5 star).  I have size 12 feet and these socks have a higher top than my other puma "no-show" socks.  I don't know if this "problem" is inherit with "runner" socks, but if you want socks that do not show at all above your shoes then you may have more luck with another type of sock.
B004SYLT1I Expensive, but exactly what I was looking for They are probably a bad value, but I still like them. The colors are great, the rise/amount-of-show is perfect, and they're huge (perfect for my size 12 feet).
B004SYLYN6 of the many socks, these are my favorite I love these Puma's!  I have similar ones from Addidas that I purchased at Costc_, but they often slip off the heel and the quality feels inferior.  The Puma label seems to serve as some sort of support like a faint strap which makes the sock feel nice and snug.  The colors are great.  I've seen some other creative colors, but when I click the icon it defaults to the red, blue and black ones I have.  Expand the color palette and I'll buy more.
B004SYLYN6 Puma Socks Rock These socks are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of positive comments about them. I wear them to work so my feet won't hurt. :)
B004SYLYN6 great Great pricegreat colorsgreat packaginggreat qualitygreat feelgreat lookto sum up these puma socks.... downright GREAT!!
B004SYLYN6 Sweaty These socks feel as though they are made from rubber. Very tight, hot and sweaty. I wouldn't recommend them get nice dry comfy socks elsewhere.
B004SYLYN6 Puma Socks These socks are just as advertised.  Puma is a good brand and like the bright colors.  I will order these again.
B004SYLYN6 Pretty Good Love the brand and colors. The socks seem to fade quicker than normal. All in all a pretty good item.
B004SYLYN6 For All you Color Lovers Out There ! I consider myself on expert on Puma socks, I have worn only Puma socks for 5 years. I refuse other brands because of the way they are tailored around the toes which lead to bunching up in the shoe. Horrible! Puma has been the solution to this crises.Pros:Great colors, the lime green is real party starterFeel all cozy insidePuma socksCons:I feel like these are a little lower quality than Puma's Bamboo weave socksThey stretch pretty easily, when you pull them really hard you can almost see through them. Weave is not tight enough.
B004T3M57K Fast shipping good product Wow It came in 5 days , they look cool and fashion , it ain't for me I couldn't wear it :( , but I'm going to order like these in the next month
B004T3M57K Puma I buy lots of shoes here.  Since they are made in China you would think they would be cheaper in Asia.  You would be wrong.  Buy them here before you travel.
B004T3M57K GReat shoe incredibly comfortable, very lightweight and casual wear, u can slip these on with shorts or jeans and they look great, plus they do start to wear off, but no to the point of breaking apart, so they look even nicer as time passes by
B004T3M57K Still not here My Puma men Tekkies Jam still haven't come yet, and im very dissapointed with this seller. I hope it will come soon.
B004T9L97Q Chukka my nukka Who doesn't love chukka boots? Not me, that's for sure. I'm wearing them right now. Chukkin' things up. Am I to twenty yet?
B004TAAV7E Comfortable/cool. You can't go wrong with pumas.  These are very comfortable.  They definitely draw some attention as well.  People either love them or hate them.
B004TAAWIM I'm glad I bought this! It is comfortable to wear and it helps me walk through all this huge gravel on my base here since I'm deployed.
B004TKZAC0 Puuuuuma I love Puma and was looking for shoes that feel comfortable and supportive while looking cute....these are perfect.  I feel so good in these shoes. Well made, cute, and althetic :)
B004TL9ZBG Very stylish These are as stylish as the picture as long as you keep them clean.Comfortwise, I would say they are average but I have always had good luck with puma and didnt want any problems.  It took me about 3 days to break them in but after that, it was like I owned them for 6 months.From what I have seen so far, puma consistently makes a nice sneaker.
B004TLAF9W Very nice shoes I bought these for my girlfriend and she loves to wear them.She says that all her friends have commented how nice they are.
B004TLAF9W Great gift for my GF and her personal trainer I purchased these shoes as a gift for my GF after she received a gym membership. She purchased the Reebok Flex with the 72 buddies... they work great for running but apparently they do not work well with weight lifting, squats, etc. Her personal trainer recommended shoes that are flat so that her balance and core strength would improve during the workout and these shoes fit that bill. She uses them on a regular basis for her workouts. Great material and relatively low-cost, it's the gift that keeps on giving.
B004TLAKV0 Quite pleased :) These shoes are very sleek and stylish as well as unique with their diagonally inlaid shoelaces and enlarged puma emblem (on inside of shoe). They're also pretty comfortable, I wear them to work and I get lots of compliments on them!
B004TPCZ82 i love it!! i am a guy and i am not homo.. lol.. anyway, i bought the purple one cos i know that the Puma Rio Racers are all unisex the only difference is the sizes.. its hella light and the insoles are so comfortable.. i dont have anything to say bad about this shoes so yeah.. and i forgot, i use them for breakdancing.. RECOMMENDED! :D
B004TPDTCI Fun This shoe is light weight with a minimal differential which I like a lot.  Although the toe box looks small my toes don't feel squished.  There is an elastic type material along one side that really keeps the mid food snug.  I've found these to be my favorite jumping rope shoes even though wearing them with socks feels weird.Over all cute shoe, functional for what I do (CrossFit) and they have improved my 11th skill.Side note.  I have very healthy functional feet, run barefoot or in socks a lot, these shoes have minimal arch but the tightness in the mid foot I think may make up for that.
B004TPEW1K My favorite shoes I love these shoes...I get compliments all the time and the good thing is, nobody else will have them! ...
B004TPEW1K puma sneakers very good and fast service and excellent product. I will definatley buy again at Amazon. Nice prices on all items.
B004TX1VOS Great socks These socks are amazing perfect fit and good comfort just as expected for soccer socks but i use them to keep my legs warm at work they match my shorts!
B004V7HU4W sueters perfect fit, a year ago and are using them as new .. very good products that distribute and arrive on time
B004V7HZOM Nice sweatshirt! Very nice quality sweatshirt, this was a Christmas gift for our son and it arrived on time. The shirt washes up very well.
B004V7HZOM Fantastic Hoodie, my son love it I bought for my son who is 12 years old and avarage size for its age. Hoodie fit very well I could see that he can use even if he will grow up - he is 4' 10&#34;. I have been looking for hoodie with the zipper and this one has it. This hoodie is light and there is no any problem if your kid will wear it under jacket in the winter time. I recommend this one but I don't know if you still can buy this. I tried to buy other one but there were not available anymore - I keep searching.
B004VL2T08 Cool!!! the design is fun and cool just that comes a little narrowand 1/2 size smaller. Not for children with thick feets.
B004VL38QM great kids shoe My little guy loikes these shoes. They are easy for him to put on and look stylish with pants and shorts.
B004VQ63LY My nieces puma My neice looks super cute in this and ahe loves it and tries to wear it everyday but it stretches a little so dont go a size too big
B004VQYK4G Comfort They are really comfortable , recommend to everyone ! Keep in mind ,to buy them one size bigger sense they are every slim .
B004VQYK4G LOOOOOOOOVEEEEEEEEEEE THEEEM!!!!!! EVEN THOUGH THE SIZE RUNS A LITTLE BIT BIGGER I LOVE THEM!!! CUTE AND COMFORTABLE....IM USUALLY A 6.5 USD WOMEN AND THATS WHAT I HAVE ORDERED BUT RAN OUT A LITTLE BIT BIGGER, BUT NO PROBLEM AT ALL THEY STILL LOOK CUTE :) :) :)
B004VR2ZWY Sporty and up to date ! ! ! It's real good Sneaker for running.They are real perfect looking , comfortable,sizing is good, When you stand on this Sneaker you guess that you have to run. The sole is specific for high contact on the ground it gives you stability while running and it's almost impossible to slip on the road.If you have never had Puma sneakers it's time to try them, I think you'll like or may be love them!1.Right size.2.comfortable.3.Up to date.4.Amazing.5.good price.And at the end time will show how durable they are, they give filling they will last long.
B004VR2ZWY Awesome sneakers These sneakers are the best Puma sneakers I owned.  Sneakrs did not even have to be broken in.  Would highly recommend to any Puma sneaker fan.
B004VR3OTM Big Foot My son wears a size 14.  These fit him perfectly.  He likes the stylish outside design and the overall comfort
B004VRFO7C Great Puma Tote Everything went smooth on this purchase. They said I would have it within a certain amount of time and it got to me on time. I saw this silver tote at the Puma store in my mall for a lot more money. I bought it through amazon because it was so much cheaper.
B004VRG4M6 Ducati MASTERPIECE!~ Painstakingly & meticulously detailed all around! Have to see in a flesh to genuinly appreciate this rare eyecatcher!~Buying another in red to seriously drool on this unique backpack!~
B004VRIA5A do not by i got these shoes the other day came home after work went to open the box and try them on and there was no shoe in the box i have tryed to get ahold of the people i have got them from and still have got no responce
B004VRIA5A Pretty fashionable and comfortable. I didn't actually get these off Amazon. I got these at a local mall in Fargo. But, I am just gonna say that these shoes are very attractive. If you want people complimenting on your shoes, get these pumas. But, I have to say that they aren't very good for running around. Well, anyway, these are a great fit, very fashionable, and very comfortable.P.S.- I would get the red ones, the ones I have, if you really want to get in the fashion.
B004VW5QT8 great product. great customer service I ordered the red pumas with ferrari logo for my brother as a birthday gift. He loved the shoes. I chose expedited shipping and the order arrived very quickly. Customer service is responsive and helpful. Overall a professional seller with great products. Would purchase from this reliable seller again.
B004VW6IFE I Feel Like Hermes! These shoes are amazing! I could have sworn that the box was empty when i first got them - bot don't let the lightness fool you! These things are tough. I planned to use them for the gym - mainly spinning and on the treadmill, but I have had to use them for footballing purposes and apart form some minor cosmetic damage, they're still fully functional. The aerated  design is a Godsend for me ( though I would have appreciated if they had found a way to keep pebbles out). Only negative is that it  tends to squeak a bit if i'm wearing it without socks. It is a tad annoying personally. However, this is still a great shoe. Regardless of the lightweight material, this shoe is durable. It will be a tough to replace.
B004W2C7BC love these pumas These pumas are super light and very vented , so your feet don't sweat . They will get wet however, if it rains or rained
B004W2SLFS GREAT SHOES Everything ok! LOVED these shoes, they match almost any type of clothes and are modern looking! Every time I wear them they tell me how great they are!
B004W3W4K0 Puma socks are great The puma socks are a great buy they are the most comfortable socks i have ever worn in my lifeA must get item
B004W3W4K0 look good it fitted good, it look rigth with the clothes i was wearing. it was comable. will buy more of this sock later.  johnny l.
B004W3W4K0 Puma Socks The product truly surprised me as to how comfortable they are to wear.  I absolutely love them.  I would repurchase.
B004W3W4K0 insane comfort These are without a doubt the most comfortable socks I've ever owned.They are very durable, thick but breath well, and well padded in the right spots.They are great for golf shoes, or as I used them mostly, for new rugby cleats that weren't quite broken in.  They're just tall enough and thick enough to prevent those painful blisters near the achilles from new cleats.Wonderful socks.
B004W460MW Great socks. Would buy again. I ended up buying a lot of the no-show PUMA socks line, these included, and I'm not disappointed. I was previously using similarly priced Adidas no-show's that also have a weave to help airflow. The advantage I saw instantly with these is that the thinner weave doesn't encompass the entire sock, only the top part, whereas the Adidas ones are thin all around. It's noticeable in that the Adidas ones made my feet colder than I like, and these provide a nice "breezy" feeling on the top of my feet, while having a warmer, softer padding feeling along the soles of my feet. Plus, they come in cool colors and are really no more expensive.
B004W460MW Good Product Not a lot to add, what you see it what you get. I found it to be a good value and genuine Puma product. I would buy again.
B004WLDTNI Old School Puma Sneakers I Been searching for these sneakers in NYC for some time and made a decision to try Amazon, to my surprise I found them Online, As a Kid these were the footwear I wore on a regular basis. I had to do my Homework a little something due to the remake models that are currently Manufacture these days. When buying Puma Sneakers, I had to make sure they were the Clyde, Walt Frazier Model, when I received these sneakers it not only brought back memory's, but I was a Satisfied customer, the delivery came in two days to my surprise. Amazon is a great site over the last three years I made a few purchases especially Hard to find Items are available on Amazon, just have to be vigilant when searching, thanks Amazon.Alfredo PNYC
B004WLEF6S Nice and comfortable Great finishing, looks durable and only nice materials. Fits a full set of outfits.Even though it looks not stain proof it is very easy to clean.
B004WLEF6S Old school say hello to my feet! I needed some shoes. I got some pumas for when I'm not riding my bike. These are great for doing just that. Takes a little to wear them in but they are beautiful, functional, and comfortable.
B004WLEF6S Love these I bought these because I have a thing for Gray shoes. Theyre a suede like material, which can get dirty quickly if youre not careful, so I suggest getting them sprayed before you wear them. Other than that, theyre very comfortable, and subtle enough to wear with a nice shirt.
B004WLEF6S Good HELLOIt is excellent, I loved it even gave me a bag, I only had one drawback was that the order was saying 2 pounds and 6 pounds in the courier. But then all good. thanks
B004WLEF6S Pumas! I have been a big fan of both Pumas and Adidas for a while now and these are great. The colors are brilliant and not something I've seen around town too much. I'm excited to wear them out! (Once it stops raining that is...)
B004WLEF6S Husband Joy Bought these as a birthday gift. Sons couldn't believe it; husband was overjoyed. He felt twenty years young; like he was still playing CYO basketball.
B004WLEF6S Comfortable and very Stylish I love these shoes.  The leather looks great!  The light grey is very stylish with all kinds of jeans.  They are very comfortable and are very good quality. I bought the kiwi suede care kit and these shoes still look as good as new.  Every once and a while you might get a scuff on them or something dirty, but with a suede eraser you can get it right out.  Do not wear them in the rain or where they will get wet.  Using the suede protector by kiwi I have worn these shoes in light rain and the water slides right off of them with no damage done.
B004WLEF6S stylin retro I love these shoes.. I get complimented all the time. I did have to put some decent.insoles as they ran a bit big and don't have much of an orthodic footbed..  but I kneew that and have weird feet anyway.
B004WLEF6S I LOVE THESE SNEAKERS! They are exactly like I had remembered them.  You can never go wrong with Puma's.  They are exactly like they are pictured.  Perhaps a little snug at first but that is no problem, they will stretch to fit your foot like a glove!
B004WLEF6S Getting a lot of compliments I have been wearing SIMPLE sneakers for the past 10+ years. Now that they are out of business I needed to find a new brand. While these have a lower arch than the SIMPLE shoes, my foot has adjusted to them and I have to say they are VERY comfortable. They seems quite durable and I am getting a lot of compliments on them. True to size for myself, and they also have a large toe box which in my opinion is a must have! These are my new go-to sneakers!
B004WLEF6S my PUMAs I have woren pumas since the early 80s Hip Hop is in my blood Graffiti Rapping Breaking is the way of life pumas with Fat Shoelaces make it all love $ uniting as one
B004WLEF6S Nice comfy kicks with a bit of flash. I bought these shoes for my husband, who absolutely loves them. He has been wearing asics for years, but when he needed some red shoes for a work function I found these.They have turned into his everyday favorites. Very comfortable for him, and they are holding up nicely after a good deal of wear.
B004WLEF6S Pumas rock! Pt.3 Clyde Pumas are great whether you're playing ball or just hanging out casually.  They are very comfortable as are all the &#34;Classic&#34; and &#34;Clyde&#34; models.
B004WLEF6S Good Buy! A very good casual pair that is both trendy and comfortable to wear. I received my order in a well-packaged box and sooner than expected.
B004WLEF6S Clydes Love 'em.  Just what I wanted.  They bring me back to my childhood.  However, I don't use them for sports activities, but I had the soles sueded for swing dancing .  For me it was for the look, which is perfect. Delivery was without a worry too.
B004WLEF6S Great Shoes.. I brought these as i'm unable to buy decent casual shoes in a half size Australia so brought them off Amazon & found these shoes to be great fitting & super comfortable.Highly recommended..
B004WLEF6S A Very Cool Classic !! 5 Stars now and always for the Puma &#34;Clyde&#34; !! Top Quality Suede soft and easily flexible, awesome color, great fit, very comfortable right out of the box !! A Real Beauty !!
B004WLEF6S Nice Shoe I'm a woman and I purchased four pairs of these in 5.5.  They are very comfortable to walk around in and I get a lot of compliments. They get more comfortable with use.  I found that I needed to add dr. scholl's insoles because I have a big arch.  They look and feel great and I wear them almost daily.
B004XD0EXS product in disrepair Good evening, the product came in disrepair, the clock loses, you replace the battery and is still with the same defect
B004XD0EXS Perfect. It's an original design by Puma. I really loved and I would recommend it. It's modern and for the paid price was a good deal
B004XD0GTK i think thats its a fake wacht i dont think thas a original wacht, the wacht belt its broke so soon and dont find remplace, i am a dissapoiment
B004XD0GTK one word...Perfect! it's perfect for daily use. Comfortable and looks really nice. Worth every single dollar, it has the perfect zize xD
B004XD0H8A Cool and stylish Exactly as I expected.  Easy ordering and Quick shipment.  Well made.  Has kept perfect time.  Modern look, yet conservative enough for any ocassion.
B004XD0LO0 Stylish, dependable I like watches that are very simplistic but at the same time give off a stylish, modern look. I love the clean metal design (with the logo) and the Day/Date function is very useful at work. The purple colored second hand gives it a nice touch. Hope it lasts many years!
B004XD0NFW Love It I got this watch because I needed one with a seconds hand for nursing school and I love it! The best part about it is that it has the seconds written on it. It also fits really well, which is usually hard for me since I have tiny wrists (about 5 inches). It's worth the price, Puma usually is.
B004XD0NFW excellent excellent product. High quality. I loved it. Totally as expected. My sister will charm was her birthday with other things and as always Happy
B004XD0OII Women's Watck This was exactly what mt wife needed for daily exercises and power walking.  Easy to read dial and looks very attractive.  She loves it!!
B004XD0PFA Puma Women's Slic &#34;big cat&#34; I bought it as a present for someone. When i saw it I liked so much than I decided to look after Puma's watches to buy one for myself.
B004XD0PFA Great! The product was everything that I wanted!  It's the perfect colour, size, shape and design. Thank you for a great product.
B004XD0QLS So cute It supossed to be bigger, but its so nice and comfortable, light and shinny. Recommended. I love PUMA trade mark
B004XD0RCG Great Watch great service! Five Star all the way! Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol!
B004XD0RQM georgeous gave this to my girlfriend ans she loved it! gave one to my mom ans she loved it too, gave one to one of my best friend at the university and she loved it as well! so it cannot be a coincidence... the watch is good, cheap and beautiful! what else would i ask for? highly recommended!
B004XD0TLU Dead battery It wont turn on. Guess it came with a dead battery. Bought it while travelling to the USA. Now I'm back in Rio de Janeiro - Brazil, my hometown, with a watch that won't work.
B004XD0TLU Great Deal Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol! I intend to start a collection to complement my wardrobe.
B004XD0TLU Not too expensive! If you want to offer as a gift It's a good choice. Why not? especially if you don't have to spend much money
B004XD0TLU Simple , smart and elegant Its a simple , no frills sports watch. it does whats its supposed to do- show time, alarm and timers with no excessive buttons popping out of everywhere.I also like the blue colour although its not as bright as it is shown here but still pretty good.I thing i haven't figured as yet is how to reset the time. There is  an instruction manual but it does not help.
B004XD0V7C Became discolored almost immediately. It works fine, arrived as described.  Very disappointed that it became discolored almost immediately.  I would only buy again if it were black.  I read other reviews afterwards, and it seems as though this happens alot.  Puma, if it's not working, don't sell the light colors.
B004XD0VRM bought it as gift my sister in law absolutely loved it..nice desing.. I taught it was going to be bigger.. but when I opened it it was pretty small, obviously because it is for women which in her case is perfect for her.!
B004XD0VRM Success! It's pretty and very useful. It works perfectly... All I need to be happyThe shipping was on time and I received the package in perfect conditions
B004XD0VRM great purchase The color, size, price, and material is perfect. You have to keep the outside clean, otherwise it can stain. I read on the manual that the back light illumination lessens with time/use. I just wish I could silence the beeping of the buttons when they are pressed.
B004XD0WEE Works Great I bought this for my boyfriend on huis birthday since he loves working out. He uses this when he's lifting and running and it works perfectly.
B004XD1022 the best christmas gift I ever bought my boyfriend I bought this for my boyfriends Christmas gifts he loves it still to this day he still wearing it and still has it
B004XHS8BY Pumas make me feel cool This is a great walk to work shoe - 2 people have stopped me on the street to say they like them. Took a couple of weeks to wear them in, so ease into them!
B004Z0G6QS Beautiful B.C. These shoes fit perfectly, which is amazing for an online order!  Follow the sizing guide, and you can't go wrong.  This runner is light-weight and totally comfortable, right out of the box; no break-in time needed.  My only complaint is that the fabric of the overall shoe isn't extremely breathable, and my feet tend to get hot after a few minutes of exercise.
B004Z0G6QS Expectations filled&#8230; They are very comfortable and light! The materials these Puma are made seem to be long lasting and good quality.
B004Z0G6QS comfort I love these shoes. I usually buy adidas but I am extremely happy with these. They are very comfortable and snug.
B004ZBGB0S The wife loves them My wife has been using these for our morning walks and they seem to be working out well. She definitely notices a difference but she likes that they aren't ugly like other rounded walking shoes.
B004ZBGB0S balance done right I haven't got much time to spend toning between work and school and taking care of my family, but these have already tightened my hips and thighs and keep me on my toes!
B004ZBGB0S True to size, fashionable and comfortable First time owning Puma shoes and I am happy with the product. My legs are naturally toned. Not sure if they will "shape" my legs (I bought them b/c they were inexpensive). For me comfort is important in a shoe and this hits the mark.
B004ZBGENW excellent product excellent product
B004ZBHIVE Puma Mens Caliber Trainer Black/Puma/Silver Synthetic Cross Training 11 I buy it for my dad and he was fascinated by the use all the time to walk super comfortable I recommend it...
B004ZIP4U4 Feedback Hi I'm Writing This review 'cause i want to express that i have recived this item with plenty of time and with out problems
B004ZIP4U4 excellent product, would recommend 100% PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 Cross-Training Shoe,Shadow/Black/Golden Silver,8 D US The product is comfortable, practical, lightweight, aerodynamic.It is comfortable to walk and jog. Practical exercises for City or in the park. It can be worn with jeans or sports rops. Fresh and comfortable.
B004ZIP4U4 I love these!!! I'm a diehard Iowa Hawkeyes fan...these are perfect for me! Super comfy even though this is a mens shoe and I'm a woman.
B004ZIP4U4 Nice I bought it, and I love it and the design is really nice great shoes yesterday i wore it for a competition and it works fine.
B004ZIP4U4 A little clunkier than older versions of Voltaic but ok I have a dozen and a half pairs of Puma sneakers and 5 pairs of them are Voltaics.  I love them.  I personally don't like the new design.  It's not as sleek as the old version.  They're OK, still comfy.MAKE SURE you like them before ordering them from Amazon though because  If you return them because you don't like them you'll be charged a shipping fee.  Unbelievable.  I guess I was spoiled from using Zappos.  Lesson learned.
B004ZIP4U4 Great shoes. I bought these hoping my feet would not get wet in wet grass. They stay dry. There are comfortable. Good shoes.
B004ZIP54Y Very Good, Affordable Turf Cleats I needed to get a set of turf cleats for a soccer tournament in a hurry, and luckily Amazon always has everything that you need.  I have used these cleats too many times to count since I've bought them, they grip everything from old and raggy to brand new turf, it even grips wet turf in down pours.  The material used is extremely comfortable and has never caused a blister, even brand new.  These are a great value for $40 turf shoes.  Very well made, great for anyone playing pick up soccer or in intramural/travel leagues.
B004ZIP5GW Not the right feel Have tried multiple different types, brands, and styles of shoes and this one doesn't fit the bill. Still sticking with my Nike runners.
B004ZIP5GW Flexible This is a good-looking, comfortable sneaker. I particularly like the flexible forefoot, in part due to its thin sole, because it allows the toes to work better, for improved balance.  I use this shoe for walking  and much prefer it over the much more expensive and very heavy new balance sneaker walking sneaker ($120).  It is not particularly light however.  It weights 14.3 ounces, compared to my asics gel-blur which weights in at only 9.5 ounces. That is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. I wish manufacturers would state the weight of their product, as this may be an important consideration for many.
B004ZIP5GW Simply great I bought black ones for my son. Now I am thinking to buy for myself. They look very stylish and comortable.  very good quolity&lt; high quolity!!! I recommend them to everyone.
B004ZIP5GW An excellent product They are beautiful.An excellent product. They will resist the bad treatment . . . . . . . .
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe Great product. Great price, Works perfectly.Shipped and received in a timely manner.No complains item as described. Fits perfectly and i especially love that its not common down here because i like to be different. Nice color
B004ZIP5GW The advantage of buying online..... The advantage of buying online is that from the comfort of your armchair, you can shop and find things unique or simply just not available in stores in your city.  Case in point; these shoes.  Beautiful and not available in stores in my city.
B004ZIP5GW Exactly what I wanted These are now my go to shoes for everyday use.  They're comfortable and sturdy but still breathe.  They came with a nice storage bag which I thought was a good touch.
B004ZIP5GW Walking on Red Clouds I love these shoes!  I love to just put them on and take a walk around the neighborhood.  If I'm walking anymore than a couple blocks, these puppies go on.  It's like walking on clouds, I can't feel the ground below my feet.  Puts a pep in my step, and looking down at them is always nice to see that bright red surprise.  I should get more of these in other colors!
B004ZIP5GW Well Formed An impromtu give for my husband when it was a lightening deal at 42.99 that he wears all the time. He finds them comfortable but is not a runner. He says he has gotten compliments on the color and style as well. Glad I followed my impulse!
B004ZIP5GW Just perfect ! After multiple back surgeries I have great difficulty getting shoes I can live with. These suit me to a tee. Most excellent purchase
B004ZIP5GW so so I didn't like the front's tennis, l tought it could be black or grey, anyway is good at all if you like red
B004ZIP5GW Yup. Love 'em. Very comfy.And I get compliments daily.I just wonder how to keep them clean?DAMN ... I rock these.AND YOU CAN TOO!
B004ZIP5GW Good buy These sneakers are pretty comfortable, but also a little heavy for running shoes. I'm not using them to run, so they are fine for everyday walking, etc.... Also, a pretty outstanding deal at $43 for the gold box deal.
B004ZIP5GW amazing PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 NM2 Sneaker,Black / Warm Olive, 8.5 D US  is a good sneaker you may buy at this moment,
B004ZIP5GW Light and comfortable Fits like a sock and is built that way.  Good support and very comfortable for walking.  Currently my absolute favorite shoes!
B004ZIP5GW Very confortable and stylish I purchased these shoes for my husband and he liked them very much.  They are light and comfortable.  They are not bulky and look very modern.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable sneakers I would recommend these sneakers if your looking for some comfort and durability. I have no complaints with this purchase, satisfied and still using these sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Great looking shoes Lots of compliments, very comfortable to wear to gym and around neighborhood.  The only complaint I have (marginal) is that they are a little difficult to put on, no problem when using a shoe horn.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable Very comfortable shoe. In fact I just ordered the same one in obnoxious yellow, black and red to match a few red track jackets and under armour shirts I wear. I haven't worn these in a while as I've been lazy and have been using the Salomon laceless mud run shoes but I'm going to work these back in because they look and feel great. They air out well too. When I'm in the midst of intense exercise my feet do not feel super hot like in other performance sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Shoe These Pumas are very light,  well constructed,  and very comfortable.  Love the sewed in tongue feature.  Can just slip on and off.  Great if its hard to bend over.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome! Product is exactly as described.  I loved the product.  Look forward to doing business with this person or establishment in the future.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable Broke these out today for the first time. Ran a good distance and they felt great. Love the feel, its as if you could run without socks.
B004ZIP5GW Five Stars excellent product
B004ZIP5GW great Meet all criteria, i recomend this item for dose ho love to run and love to go in the out doors
B004ZIP5GW Great buy! I bought these for my husband for Christmas, after he destroyed pumas he'd had for years. The design on these is really nice, and doesn't have that "fake" super shiny look to them (that seems to be so popular, but I think it's ugly). He says they are super comfortable and the sizing is accurate. Overall, I was extremely pleased for the price. : )
B004ZIP5GW Work shoes I bought these because I work retail and walk approx. 5-10 miles a shift. These have held up very well and are very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW I got a gold star :-) I got my husband a &#34;just because&#34; gift and he loved them. They are comfortable and very stylish. He is the envy of his Carolina Pather friends becuase they are the colors of the team. He loves them :-)
B004ZIP5GW Great Price I just used onceThey Re confortable and I got it in a very good dealJust work and fit good
B004ZIP5GW bess i love this sneakers it fits perfectly is light and nice andlook totally sweet . would definately buy another one
B004ZIP5GW Light weight & very comfortable Very pleased with this product.  One-day sale price made it even better bargain.  Would most definitely purchased this shoe again!
B004ZIP5GW Can you get any more comfortable? I have to say that the shoes are MUCH brighter than in the picture. (In photos it looks like a pastel blue, but it's more of a reflective electric blue in person).They are pretty light and extremely comfortable!Beware though, any liquids that spill on the mesh part where your toes are will get dirty VERY quickly.Pumas are going on my list of must-buy shoes from now on! Comfy and moderately priced!
B004ZIP5GW nice I have to say that i Ordered these shoes by mistake  thinking they were for women, but even when i had to return them, the shoes are very cool for men! so bad they werent big enouf for my boyfriend, otherwise i would have keep them even when i order the wrong ones.
B004ZIP5GW Extremely comfortable Bought these to train for an upcoming half marathon.  Amazingly comfortable and sturdy. Would definitely buy these again in a heartbeat.
B004ZIP5GW Love my new Pumas These are wonderful.  The arch could be a little higher since I have a pretty high arch but other than that, they are perfect.  I have gotten lots of comments on them and would recommned them to anybody.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes Great shoes at a great price.  I work in a bakery so I spend all day on my feet.  I usually run after work and my feet feel fine as soon as I slip them on.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable shoes I absolutely love puma sneakers and this site made it so easy to get them and get them fast. Great service!
B004ZIP5GW In general looks quite good The shoes arrived quite quick and the quality looks good in general. They are a little bit heavier than my expect.  Quite comfortable to wear and walk around.
B004ZIP5GW Perfect conditions The product was in very good conditions and according to the description. Shipping and delivering was on time. It is a very good product and very confortable shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Nice pair of sneakers for 40bucks (daily deal) Fits the same as Nike.  I would have rated 5 stars if there wasn't a "clicking" that that I feel while walking in the soles around the middle of the shoe.  Comfortable and seems they will wear nicely.  I've had for a couple of weeks now.
B004ZIP5GW I love them now My feet hurt when I wore them with socks, without them they're awesome. Why 4 stars? You guessed right, even though they are the right size for me, I wish I could wear them with socks,
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable But Shape is Ugly Not bad if u r looking for comfort, but really ugly shape when viewed from the top.  The pictures are deceptive and purposely avoids the top down view.  Trust me--they are fat and odd shaped for tennis shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Cute! I wasn't too sure at first but they look cute on my husbands feet. He said they are comfortable and he likes them.
B004ZIP5GW Love it Great grand wonderful early dusk arrival to the initial stages of my dreams coming true that you have hanging from the future of this technology!
B004ZIP5GW needed new shoes for vacation I did not expect that the tongue would be sewn into the sides making it like a slip-on shoe with laces. There was no picture to show that feature. They are quite comfortable and sized perfectly. The colors were perfect. I rated a three of five because of the sewn in tongue was not expected.
B004ZIP5GW These shoes are awesome! I bought these for my husband for Christmas. I loved them so much, I had to give them to him early! They are amazing, he loves that the tongue is attached to the shoe and says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned!
B004ZIP5GW shoes shoes were for my son, pumas are his favorite, fit good, arrived quickly, no problems with order. would order again
B004ZIP5GW Shoes for Christmas I am thrilled with my purchase. They arrived quickly so I had no Christmas worries. Very easy purchase and processing. Thanks!
B004ZIP5GW super comfortable super comfortable shoes for everyday use, recommended for those who want a lightweight shoe that keeps your feet cool, even the bag its cool
B004ZIPGOS shoe this fits great no complain nice and comfy very light so u dont feel it on thats a plus for me
B004ZIPJ3Q Good I like the style and the way they look (a lot better in other colors) but I consider them not as comfortable as I wanted.Not as good as expected but its fair for the price. I got them for 40 bucks.
B004ZIPPEO Great shoes I love puma and this style and they are great only issue I have is winter they are not made for winter use unless you are indoors all day other than that I love them.
B004ZIPPEO stylish shoes Nice shoes, pretty unique and stylish. Only complaint is that it gets dirty easily and the front gets dimples in the shoes in between the canvas and the rubber.
B004ZIPPEO wrong sizing info wrong sizing info. nice quality. dont trust this sizing info. for correct sizing info visit puma web site.i dont want to talk about this item
B004ZIPVIE ok Did what i wanted it to do, great , i recommend everybody.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................would do it all over again, no regrets very much pleased thank you.
B004ZIPVIE Snug in the toes but I look like a pro Started playing soccer this year for the first time in my life and I was advised to get soccer shoes. I picked these up for a good bargain. The toe box (front of shoe) is a little snug so blisters are a definate danger so I'll tape my feet as these break in. The shoes are flashy and people think I'm being humble when I tell them I have no clue on what I'm doing, and that I just came because I like to run and have fun. If soccer becomes a serious past time for me though I doubt I'll keep because of the snug fit, but otherwise order a half size up and these will be just fine.
B004ZIPVIE lightweight cleats. theses are very lightweight cleats, although that pulls u back on comfort. Would have liked a little more support for comfort.
B004ZIPVIE Really good Really light, easy to play with. You dont feel the feets, youjr eally feel free to make skills, to shoot, and to rum
B004ZIPVIE Great cleats My son is happy with these. We will see how well they hold up when he starts the spring season.
B004ZIPVIE Puma Cleats I like these puma cleats mostly because they are low cut, nice sleek look, the colors are cute and they have a great grip. I did not rate these a full 5 stars only because they are Men's 7.5 and even though they fit great, as a woman, there happened to be a little space at the top. I have to wear two pairs of socks to fill in the space but other than that, it's great!
B004ZIPVIE What you'd expect for the price I used these cleats pretty regularly for a while, but the sole started separating from the base of the shoe, and some dirt got lodged in there making it rather uncomfortable. This happened much quicker than normal wear and tear on the cleat, but it still is holding up rather nicely as long as I remember to keep cleaning the dirt out.
B004ZIPVIE Looks good, but seems entirely made of plastic The shoe is good looking, but has an entirely apparently plastic upper, so it does not bend or flex naturally.  I also suspect that it will not age well.
B004ZIT63U Five Stars My son loves these and states they are very comfortable
B004ZIT63U VERY FINE DONE VERY GOOD PRODUCT!! IT WAS AN EXCELENT CHOISE FOR MY SISTER BECAUSE SHE LIKES THIS SHOES BRAND. SHE IS SO HAPPY ABOUT IT
B004ZIT63U Awesome sneaks! Really like the sneakers. They are comfortable and look very nice. I get a lot of compliments on them. Would recommend!
B004ZIT63U have a problem with it i have the same problem that the another shoe nike air max 2012 because i want a size for my daugther and she's eight years old and is dificult to me change it from my country
B004ZIT63U Very beautiful sneakers! They are very beautiful and very cheerful looking. (We don't want our daughter always wear pink!) Love them particularly they have roomy entrance for my daughter's slightly wide feet. She loves them!
B004ZIT63U Great Design I made my son look at several pages of shoes before settling on a pair, but he wanted these the moment he saw them - excellent color scheme. They were a good choice because they are comfortable as well as stylish. The only issue is that size 5 fits him just right, but the same size in other brands are slightly big, providing a little room to grow.
B004ZIT63U Good little Puma shoe Might fit a tiny bit on the large side, but pretty close - good trainer for my son.  He loves them!  Would definitely reorder.
B004ZIT63U It was a gift This was a gift for my 14 year old nephew and he loved it... he wore them the same day.
B004ZIT63U Four Stars Nice
B004ZIT63U Five Stars Great
B004ZIT63U great great Just what I need and wanted ! will buy agin  and tell all my friends  how fast the shiping is !! love it
B004ZIT63U so far so good I bought these for my 10 yr old daughter. She is planning on running her first 5k with me in Sept. She has ran a few miles in these shoes along with wearing them at other times. She has not once complained of a blister or any discomfort from them! So far they are holding up great for my active girl. I only gave them 4 stars because I am not wearing them and can't give a true review based on how they feel for myself but I do know my daughter likes them.
B004ZIT63U Love them Ended up getting 2
B004ZIT63U Awesome Really cool shoes.  Two of my kids got them for school and say they r so comfy. One child has red and they are really cute! The other child has black and they r really cute.
B004ZIT63U Had to return I just had my son measured at the store, I then came home and ordered these shoes for him.  When we got them they looked a little darker then the picture and they were too small.  His toes were all the way at the top.  We ended up returning them and didn't purchase a bigger size.  The reason being they were too dark for our taste.  The picture shoes it white, grey and orange, they are more dark grey, light grey with orange.
B004ZIT63U My son loves these Really nice fit but on the smaller side which is from what I understand, typical for Puma.  Really a good look
B004ZIT63U Five Stars It is perfect. Thank you
B004ZIT63U LOVE THESE SHOES I ordered these for my daughter to wear for playing indoor soccer. She loves them and they are a nice fit! Would order them again for sure! All the other girls on her team like them!
B004ZIT63U very happy Very cool looking, comfortable...everyone's complementing & asking where to get them. My husband, my son and I all love them!
B004ZIT63U A very happy Amazon shopper! I order the PUMA Voltaic 3 JR Running Shoe for my grandson on Amazon. I was so disappointed when they came and didn't fit, the size runs small. Amazon made the process for exchanging so easy I could have hugged someone. I simply followed the instructions on a slip in the box, went on line told them I needed to exchange and it was done. UPS picked up the return from me the next day and I had the new shoes (correct size) this time within 3 days. I can't say how efficient I thought the whole process was. My grandson and I loved the new PUMA's they were a perfect fit. Thank you PUMA and thank you Amazon!!!!
B004ZIT63U Thick seam hurts my daughter's feet I let my daughter pick these out online just to be sure we were getting the right color... and usually PUMA is reliably constructed... so all seemed safe for an online purchase.But the shoes have a very thick seam where the colored side panel meets the toe material. The seam rubs her foot to the point where she gets blisters and refuses to wear them.Wasted money.
B004ZIT63U Favorite sneaker This is the fourth or fifth pair of these sneakers my son has owned over the past few years. He doesn't want anything else. They are very comfortable and wear well. He has a few of the &#34;popular&#34; type sneakers, but complains they are uncomfortable and &#34;aren't good for gym. These are his &#34;go to&#34;sneakers. These were a half size too big (first time ordering on line), so we'll keep them for the next growth spurt, and reorder a different color in a half size smaller.
B004ZIT63U Great Sneakers These sneakers are so comfortable. My daughter and I wear Pumas and they are just the best all around as far as comfort.
B004ZIT63U Puma I loved the shoes. And most importantly my son did as well. He loves his new pumas. Great gift indeed
B004ZITG6M Comfy It runs slightly big, but it's still very comfy
B004ZITHZC Not as pictured I ordered these expecting a yellow accent on the shoes.  I did not read the description as Lime and the accent color is definitely Lime Green.  I'll keep them because they're the size we need next but just disappointed in the picture being inaccurate.
B004ZITHZC PUMA are the best My daughter loves PUMA.  They fit excellent and the fact we don't have to worry about loose shoe strings is even better.
B004ZITHZC bien son hermosos a mi hijo le encantan, se los pone todos los dias para ir al colegio , 100 % puntos positivos
B004ZITHZC My son calls these his "fast shoes" The little guy has converse sneaks and boots but he likes these best.  Since he can put them on himself and because they are easiest to run in, he calls them his fast shoes.  We have gotten compliments on them because they lopok like really expensive adult runny shoes but i found them to be affordable in his size.  We got the blue and a lot of kids clothes seem to be coming out in electric blue so they match a lot of his &#34;active wear&#34; as well.
B004ZITHZC Super Cute Great toddler shoe.  Easy on and seem to stay on.  Super cute and don't feel too bulky for little walkers
B004ZITHZC Probably Best Just for Kids As a grown woman, I have very small feet. So I am both blessed and cursed to be able to wear kids' sneakers. I haven't worn Pumas in years so I tried these, instead of my old Nike standbys.These sneakers fit pretty well but are a bit on the stiff side. And the heels can rub on occasion, if the proper sock isn't worn with them. And the velcro is definitely for little kids, which I'm not a huge fan of. But then again - they ARE kids' sneakers. However, they look great!For kids' though, who are busy and need sneakers on and off quickly, these would be just fine.
B004ZITHZC Cute They are very colorful and easy to put on great for a young one to put their shoes on by them selves
B004ZITHZC My kid is weird My kid loved these shoes so much he slept with them on.. he's weird and gets excited about little things. The shoe arrived on-time and looked exactly like the picture shows. They look really cool. When they fall apart I'll probably buy this exact pair again.
B004ZITHZC Can't stop wearing them My son loves them, can't stop wearing them so they must be comfortable. He loves the colours and thinks he can run faster than anyone else. ;-)
B004ZITHZC Cute and comfy sneaker This shoe is very cute!  The soles are nice and flexible and my son has no issues walking in them.  I also appreciate the removable sole that has the foot measurements on it to check the fit.The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because they smell terrible.  Even after a couple of weeks, the smell is still noticeable.
B004ZITHZC Very pleased My little girl loves her new shoes. They are just a little big but it always best to be to big then to little.
B004ZITHZC Okay Even though I am giving this shoe three stars, I would likely purchase again; this is because my son has a few jogging suits by the same brand; because these shoes are not real leather, they seem to wear a bit quicker than I would like.
B004ZITHZC Good Buy Well fit, durable, attractive shoe.  Not too bulky.  Easy tot take on and off.  Grandson promptly put the new shoes on and ran through the house.
B004ZITHZC Somewhat small but I read the previous reviews. My four year old daughter loved the colors. I ordered a little bit bigger due to other people's reviews but she may still outgrow them in a few months. They are very nice looking and have so far worked well for her gym class. She can get them on easily by herself.
B004ZITHZC Nice design I just bought these Puma for my boy. They seem like showed in Amazon, My son loves them because of the comfort and the design.
B004ZITHZC Super Cute, but a bit skinny My kiddo does not wear wide shoes in any brand, however, these Puma's run skinny.  I should've known since I have some pairs for myself that are the same way.  I was however able to shove some paper towels and water bottles in them for a couple days to widen the out a bit.  Now my little man loves them.  (the Velcro doesn't come all the way across his foot since they are thin, but once again, for the price I am fine!)
B004ZITHZC Excellent Stylish for my little boy, fit as as advertised, comfortable material, and seems to be very well-made. Shipping was ultra-fast with Amazon Prime. We love it!
B004ZITHZC Good product My child likes the style and feel of the shoe. She has sensory issues so it was great to find a product she enjoyed.
B004ZITHZC Time savers! Just what I needed for the lil guy who still hasn't learned to tie his shoe. He is always in the go and can slip right in to these.
B004ZITHZC Cute but unconfortable After all the reviews i read i decided to give it a chance. I got them and my daughter was soo excited so i put them on. After 30 min she was walking funny so i decided to take them off and see what was going on. I saw marks on her foot even though she was wearing socks. They are cute but really unconfortable. They fit fine on her is just that the material is very hard.
B004ZITHZC My boys Puma shoes My husband wears Pumas and he wanted to get my little boy some to wear too.  My little boy picked them out himself and wears them to school everyday!!
B004ZITHZC it's nice the shoes is nice&#65292;unique design, wear very convenient. My son said&#65306;It's very soft, very comfortable, and very breathable. it's nice gift!!
B004ZITHZC Cute My nephew hates tying his shoes even though he is 8, he is always in a hurry to  shoes on! These were perfect for him!
B004ZITHZC Beautiful!! Perfect fit and my 4 year old son love it! He doesn't want to take it off. He thinks it makes him run faster then all his friend. :-)
B004ZITHZC Awesome My Son loves them and they look great on him.  He has received plenty of compliments.  I would highly recommend!!
B004ZITHZC Daughter loves them! My daughter is extremely happy with the shoes and she is also able to fasten them all on her own.
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic So much nicer in person, the colors are bright and look great together, my daughter is going to love them.
B004ZITHZC cheap. the 'leather' is very stiff - my daughter, who usually loves any sneaker - hated the way the didn't 'bend' and were stiff when she walked/ran.
B004ZITHZC Great Sneaker My boy seems to run through sneakers like crazy so I'm hopeful that these well fitting sneakers will stand up to his activity level.  We've had them for about 1 month and so far so good!  Great sneaker. :)
B004ZITHZC She loves  them! Very nice shoes, daughter loves them and has been running in them from opening the box! She says they are very comfortable.
B004ZITHZC EXCELLENT i love it
B004ZITHZC Birthday gift for my grandson My grandson loved everthing about these shoes.  He doesn' t have to tie them, they match his green belt he just got in Taekondoand they are comfortable.  I was very hesitant to purchase shoes on line.  They are perfect.
B004ZITHZC Cute They are cute and good qualityAlthough they are very cute and they look great, give it 4 stars because the type of material-mesh-get dirty too fast, more than any other shoe you bought before. No clutch if you do not worry, they are a perfect buy.
B004ZITHZC My son loves it! My son really loves it.  It's very light weight and easy to put on. It just runs a little smaller than other sneakers. I thought he would have some extra room, but I'm afraid he is going to grow it out soon. To make it worth, he is happily using it everyday!
B004ZITHZC Cool color ;-) They're super nice but they run small. I bought these for my toddler, to go to school, and he couldn't war them, because they're like a whole number difference with the USA sizing. I dot know if its because of their European origin, that everything there is smaller, but unfortunately they didn't work for me. ;-(
B004ZITHZC Perfect Fit Perfect gift for nephew!  These shoes are excellent for a infants earning to walk. Let's get moving now little one.
B004ZITHZC Cute shoes The shoes are really cute!  The only problem is the sole pulled out after only one wearing.  It was easy enough to fix, but disappointing.
B004ZITHZC Granson My Grandson Love these. He wear them all the time.He likes the colors,blue,yellow,white and black. He say he can run fast with them !
B004ZITHZC Very pleased The first day my son wore these he got complements from everyone including strangers. They are very sharp looking for the price!
B004ZITHZC straps broke in less than 2 weeks was really dissapointed when after only a week the black/green straps that go across the top of the shoe busted.
B004ZITHZC Eye popping This is a beautiful pair of sneaker, my daughter loved it so when she tried it and it wss fitting tooclose and I iindicated thay I would have to return it. She started to frown so hence the purchase of my larger siz.Materil is good just purchase a half size up for your little on because its not lace its cross foot elastic fasteners which cause a closer fit.
B004ZITHZC My son loves them ! It's all that matters My son picked the color and loves the way they feel, he says they make him run very fast.....! Awesome
B004ZITHZC chaffing at the ball of foot This looks great when it is clean and fits perfectly and light weight.However, we have noticed that it is causing chaffing at the ball of the kid's foot like athlete's foot.
B004ZITHZC Good It is very good .my son likes it very much! looking for next on sale time. Then I can buy one for my friend's kid
B004ZITHZC perfect My son was so excited when he opened them & I love them too! Very stylish & comfortable & came earlier than expected!  Win win win &#9734;
B004ZITHZC 4 stars for product 1 star for packaging Shoes fit perfectly and satisfied with appearance.  Not happy with how they were packaged...plain brown box.  I'm glad I was purchasing as a gift for someone because I would have assumed they were from a defective/clearance rack.
B004ZITHZC perfect my son loves his new shoes! fits as we expected and they're comfortable for him to run and play in.
B004ZITHZC nice They fit well. My son loves the colors. Would like to see them in wide though, still very nice. ok
B004ZITHZC puma voltaic toddler shoe Toddler sz shoes vary in length across brands. These fit this one particular active quickly growing male toddler (steady change in sz needed after five-six mths) good for the need (based on activity, environment), stay on the feet more time than others (maybe because toddler enjoys them), and the orange color (zinnia i think?) is a big asthetics plus. With any outerwear/shoe a product protectant extends good looks following appropriate directions. Watching cost vs. period of wear is a consideration.
B004ZITHZC Not wide enough :-( These sneakers are hot. Exactly what was pictured. My son is a 5W, so unfortunately I had to return them because they are not wide enough.
B004ZITHZC kinda small my 2 yr old didn't get much use out of them. i think the straps/tongue area don't give much wiggle room. they're sturdy though. just glad i've got another girl to use them more.
B004ZITHZC My son loves them They are just as shown in the picture. We bought these to replace Sketchers and they did an excellent job. I would recommend this shoe.
B004ZITHZC My fault Miss read the sizing, thought it was small adult .. Return was simple and fast credit, thanks ! Reordered a different pair, great gift !
B004ZITHZC Love the velcro I bought these for my child's PE class. They do a lot of running & according to my 6 year old these shows made him fast. He loves the Velcro he isn't the best at tying his shoes & he would get a late start runningnalsrbyearsue to laces so he loves the Velcro.
B004ZITJJQ extraordinary Quiz&aacute;s quisiste decir: magn&iacute;ficomagnificent,very good shoes and toy, satisfied,that there will be adult's shoes? wanted a well, Thanks Good bye
B004ZITQ2G Great sneakers for little girls My granddaughter loves these sneakers.  As she said, "I bet I can jump really high in these!"  She would not wear them until the first day of school, because they were so special.  They have not given her a minute of problems.
B004ZITQ2G Beautiful design and very comfortable My 5 year old daughter is very picky with her shoes. She liked this model very much. She also told me that it is also very comfortable.
B004ZITU86 Teenage son loves them.  Gets lots of compliments! Used for casual wear in middle school.  Live in Florida, so they work all year long!  Wish they still made the slip-in style in this color.  They were really cool.
B004ZITU86 If you like this style, go with Puma I really like this style of shoe and have purchased the Vans, but they have not lasted very long. I purchased these Puma's, same style, and this have lasted as least three times as long; they are constructed better. Will definitely buy again.
B004ZITU86 Good Choice I purchased these shoes for my daughter.  They are comfy and look very expensive.  They are very sturdy and hold up pretty well.
B004ZITU86 Very comfortable Fits perfect on my son.  He loves his new shoes and he can even run around in them without any problems. It's light on his feet. I will start sticking with buy these for my boys.
B004ZIVBQK style and comfort had it for over a year, although shows signs of usage, still very comfortable and in good shape!very comfortable, but heel will complain if used over 10-12 hrs
B004ZIVBQK comfortable comfortable great shoes. true to size. got them in white and orange and also in grey and orange. lots of compliments on them.
B004ZIVBQK cool the shoe is comfortable and fun to dress up.  I recommend that any one interested should definitely purchase it.  Thanks!!
B004ZIVBQK cute I bought pink and black one I wear a 7 though pumas run larger so i got a 6.5 and its snug so be careful w sizing only issues for me was the connection of gray elastic an canvas on shoe it dug into my foot but after a few wears it was comfy
B004ZIVGH4 mom loves em Got them for my mom. She loves them because they are so lightweight and let her feet breathe.I got another style of the same shoe for my wife and she loves hers too
B004ZIVGH4 LOVE LOVE LOVE These are my favorite shoes and have held up well with over a year of wearing at work (I am a nurse so I am on my feet ALOT). Super lightweight and comfortable plus they are cute and I get lots of comments on their look. Would buy again.
B004ZIVGH4 Very comfortable These shoes are light and breathe well. That's what I love about Puma. I normally wear a 10 but the 9 1/2 is pretty comfortable. I think I should've still went with the 10. At least they don't look wide at the toe area some other shoes when you get past a size 8!
B004ZIWJL6 Five Stars EXcelente
B004ZIWJL6 Not great I am not impressed....these do not have strong elastic so they don't stay on well and the tongue has nothing to secure it on place so it is never straight
B004ZIWJL6 Five Stars Love these shoes and love the price. I give it five stars easy.
B004ZIWJL6 Five Stars very nice
B004ZIWJL6 comfortable shoes i choose this rating because they have all qualities that I expectedthey are comfortable I liked the model, my son is happy he loved and the price was excellent
B004ZIXBAY Love my Pumas! I love my pumas! have a wider base that fits inserts and are very comfortable! I have had them for about 2 years and they show absolutly no ware and are still very comfortable!
B004ZIXBAY good They come a little big... I have a wide foot, so they feel comfortable, except like one review stated, if u don't have ur foot placed just right the little toe feels like its falling off on the inside...I use them to work out in only..
B004ZIXBAY very good I am very happy for my shoes I'm really pleased, since they are like the ones I saw in the photo are comfortable walking and very light, came on time and in good condition
B004ZIYSME The best shoes I ever had! This Puma Faas 300 is amazing :-) it is comfy, flexible and so soft. I have wide feet and this works excellent for me.
B00502ZXR8 These are SO CUTE! They are high quality and so adorable.  They come in a little tube.  I can't stop looking at them.  Got them as a gift for a friend, but I almost don't want to give them away due to how adorable they are.
B00502ZXR8 Cute... But so much more I bought these because they were cute and we are an athletic family, seemed to fit us... WOW! These shoes rock. My learning-to-walk very active crawler daughter doesn't even seem to care that she is wearing them because they are so comfortable, the same cannot be said of ANY other shoe. She can still feel the floor and crawls/cruises just as effectively as barefoot. My favorite part is that they are so easy to put on her. I totally agree with the reviewer who referenced a choke hold, these are perfect one handers for the squirmy kid. LOVE them. Seems to run a little small though, just an FYI.
B00502ZXR8 Great shoes for wiggly babies! Our baby is 13 months old and extremely wiggly.  Diaper changing, changing clothes, putting on socks...it's like wrestling a wet pig.  Putting on Robeez shoes have always been a big production because she would roll around, try to throw herself off our laps, and curl her toes under to make it more difficult for us.  She basically wants to be naked and shoeless.  Since we live in a civilized society, however, we've had to make some adjustments to get her into clothes and shoes.These Puma shoes are so easy to put on, I can do it with one hand while holding her in a chokehold with the other (not really, but you get the picture).  They open completely with velcro, from ankle to toe.  This means that I can have them on her before she even knows what's happening.  They are also incredibly well made.  She's been wearing a size 4 for six months, and crawling this whole time.  They get very dirty, but are easy to clean with a damp cloth.  They also show absolutely no sign of wear, even though she wears them to daycare every day and crawls all around with them.  They still look great--obviously they no longer look brand new, but still are nice enough to wear out in public.She just grew out of these size 4's and I just put in an order of size 5's.  I'm going to keep buying Puma footwear for her, because I've been so impressed with this brand.
B00502ZXR8 Puma Drift Cat III L LW Thank you very much, all excellent. Very good Sneakers. That these Sneakers I bought my granddaughter. I really like these Sneakers. I recommend
B0050302Z0 cute shoes I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. The size was perfect and they are very cute. I order products monthly and occasionally weekly from amazon and they've yet to disappoint.
B0050304VW Great sneaker. They are easy to get on and off and very comfortable. Wish the leather was softer like the toddler ones though.
B0050306NS Kindergarten Perfect! Got these for my kindergartener and she absolutely LOVES them! She's convinced they make her run faster, LOL! I like them because they're cute and different, and a perfect "I can do it all by myself" shoe.
B005030FES Perfect Boys Fashion & Function These sneakers are true to size great colors and my son says very comfy. I got them for him in this color as well as black and white after having great succes with the durability of puma boys soccer cleats.
B005030TX0 a keeper! my nephew love it and they look great on ! he uses them for school everyday. thank you so much for your promt sevice.
B005030WZU Nice looking, but kept falling off I bought this shoe in purple for my daughter in size 6, and they fit her great, but these in a 5 kept falling off my 13 month old. I think it's partly because he's between sizes, but everytime i put it on his foot, and he crawled around, it fell off. It needs the double velcro to stay on. So I'm exhanging them for ones with a double velcro strap.They are really nice looking though.
B0050311LE Perfect Very beautiful sneakers. This is the perfect sneaker for the price.  It fits perfectly and my little girl just love it.
B00504CT5U beautiful! This shoe is really wonderful! It is so light and the colors match. Worth the price! I loved it. I recomend it!
B0050U20OE Cute nice and bright colors are as picutre just defined a little more brighter not to bright but it looks good on a new shoes. perfect fit my daughter is a 5.5 but in pumas more often than not i have to go up a half size for her and we ordered the pink with maroon brighter pinks in a  6 and im glad we did she put on a sock and it works well for he looking forward to wearing in summer when needed. I would recommedn this purchase
B0050U20TY Very light! Great shoes, very nice, and specially lightweight. My girl loves them and says they're comfortable as well . Recommended. !
B0050U20U8 great sneakers these sneakers are on the thin side (material and in width). very lightweight and super nice. my kid loves them! i love them! wish they made them in adult size ;)
B0050U210C Cute and comfortable as hell! The main reason I bought these for my baby is because of how comfortable they seemed.  Can't go wrong with Puma sneaks...and no laces either!
B0050U71W0 looks great, but they get dirty SO easily! The material changed to a green hue after a month of wearing, not even on grass
B0050U7C8I super cute My daughter loves them. very retro and so much cuter than pink sparkly things that light up. great price too
B0050U7C8I AWESOME! My daughter likes the sneakers and she was me to get her more in different colors!Will buy again. Thank you.
B0050U7C8I Cute Girls Sneakers The sneaker is well made and very cute.  I also liked that it cam in a canvas-like bad (recycled material) instead of a big box.  I can't wait to give these to my daughter.
B0050U7C8I PUMA sneakers Great colors!  My son really likes these old school sneakers. The price is right as well.  They were just a tad smaller than expected.  My son doesn't seem bothered by the size, he will just grow out of them sooner. The price was right, and a super cute style!
B0050UGDJC Lights stopped working after a week Very cute shoes and my little girl swears she runs faster with them. The only disappointment is that the light stopped working on one shoe after a week.
B0050UGDJC these are the cutest kicks on the playground!! when my 18 month old girl is running around the playground every other kid watches her little puma.she is a hit at the park!these are adorable and fit well. she loves them.
B0050UGDJC True showstoppers! These shoes are very stylish for children.  I bought them because I liked the look.  I was pleasantly surprised the green puma sign lights up when my daughter put them on.
B0050UGDJC Puma ILLUM V light sneeaker are the best in my daughter eyes they are comfortable, and she likes to run just to see them light up. I must also say they are very sturdy to support a very active child. This is our second year getting these type of shoes.
B0050UGDJC Good sneakers Comfy sneakers. Only problem is that light stops working after running through puddles. Both my boys did it and now it is regular unlighted sneaker
B00513JG9W Great for work (depends on your work) and play I get compliments on these sneakers all the time (I love compliments). They're comfortable and I've worn them on double shifts waitressing then gone out for drinks. Who wants to wear ugly black leather sneakers? There isn't a lot of cushioning on the bottom so if you have sensitive feet there you might need some kind of insert but that's not insurmountable if you like the way these look. I've worn with and without socks. They're pretty thin all around so I'd call them more of a warm weather sneaker.
B00517MABO Cute, Confortable, Durable I was very pleased with this shoes. They are not too stiff as most sneakers are. They have lasted long. They look cute
B00517MAKK For son My son loves anything Puma.  This brand seems to be a perfect fit every time, even for little fat feet ;)
B00517MAKK My son loves them! My son says he loves them cause it is soo comfy (his word) ! Has an awesome soft cushion in them. He really loves it so much that he actually sleeps in it
B00517MAU0 nice My kid love this soccer shoes, he doesn't get to play much, but he wanted them anyway, so I'm not sure how they work in real field, but he love to wear them all the time.
B00517N9DW These fit the bill! My son is in preschool and needed hook and loop shoes because he doesn't know how to tie yet.  These were to adorable and he loves them. He can put them on and off by himself so he feels like a "big boy". Thanks Grandma!
B00517NOTQ Beautiful Shoes! I ordered these shoes for school for my 10yr old daughter and I must say her eyes lit up when she saw them. I say order a 1/2 size bigger cause they seem to run a little small. I only gave 4 stars cause i'm not the one wearing them but she say they are comfortable.
B00517NOTQ Resistant shoes - spots will come inmediatley Really shoes are very comfortable and nice to children. Spots have came promptly but after the first washing they will have some of original color.
B00517ORQ0 PUMAS Excellent all around for sports, comfort, appearance/style, size, and price!!! I have tiny feet and I have to buy children's shoes, and these don't look to childish.
B00517RFBE Good Shoes For The Kiddo's ! Good shoe, moderate price. I suggest that you double knot them though, the laces have a tendency to hang low from the sides, my kid is always re-tying them.
B00517RW8K Awesome Puma cleats My 9 year old son loves these cleats except for the white flap that covers the tied laces. It was a little difficult for him to keep the flap back when he was tying the laces, minor problem. They look great and are strong and durable. Stay away from the cheap Walmart cleats, spend a little more and you get a cleat that looks better and lasts alot longer.
B00517RW8K Different shoes When I received the item the sole of the right shoe was different to the left one, so it's not good to use and play soccer.
B00517T8QO Our Soccer Kid Loves These I played soccer for 10 years growing up, and I would have never been caught dead wearing white cleats.  These days, kids wear all sorts of colored cleats, including white.  Our 12 year old (U13) select club player fell in love with these and they have served him well this season.  They have held up well, and he says they are still comfortable after 9 games and lots of practices.  Plus he has scored 14 goals, so they shoot straight too. ;-)
B00517T9UO Fun colors! My son loved these cleats. They were different than what everyone else had. They even withstood my sons bashing. And a trip in the washing machine. They looked brand new again and didn't fall apart. Shipping was quick and easy. :)
B00517T9UO Pumas' "Blade-like" cleats give great traction, light for speed, and look awesome too! My son is an intense soccer player (11 yo) with crazy speed.  He loves Pumas' &#34;blade-like&#34; design on the cleats for speed and control.  Great color too.  LOVES the neon green.  He's been wearing Pumas for 3 years of competitive soccer, and we're getting new ones for fall 2013.These also helped him be instantly recognizable in his first season in Flag football -- leading the team with 11 touchdowns. :-)A softer leather would be nice, but these plus &#34;Sweet Spots&#34; for extra ball control helped him have his best-scoring soccer season ever -- including 2 hat-tricks.  :-)
B00517U8OU soccer cleats These soccer cleats are fantastic.  The are very good looking, confortable and affordable.  whats not to like. Huge rave in Texas.
B00517UMH8 Puma has been around since I was a kid and everyone wanted them. You know why? Because they're made well and are comfortable to wear! Did I mention very fast delivery - Thank you very much.
B00517UT62 Cute shoes, fast shipping, only slight cosmetic flaws Cute shoes, fit to size, matches well with other Puma royal blue products.  Some slight mars/scuffs on the tops, but they will get even more scuffed during the actual games so no biggie.Shipping was very fast, even with the "standard" delivery option.
B00517UT62 Great cleat and comfortable My son wore these all summer for soccer practice and they still look new.  The clean well, fit perfect and worked awesome on the wet field.  I think they run true to size or they did for my son. My son says they were very comfortable to run and kick in. Can't beat them for the price.
B00517UT62 great! my son loves them, they are very comfortable , breath well.shipping was crazy fast! I placed the order a night before and only 12 - 15 hours later it was delivered ( Boston - MA)
B0051DTTB2 it is good it seems nice and my brother loves it wery much. it is cheap but in good quanlity. it is worth buying
B0051MQZRE great pants a bit expensive had these reversable pants from and1 tryed to replace them found these. real good replacement a little on the steep side.
B0051MQZRE Puma - Kids Boys 2-7 Reversible pants I purchased these tracksuit pants as our children's school colours are dark green and yellow and they absolutely hate the standard winter tracksuit pants that they have to wear for school. The boys love how comfortable these are and now there is no more fights about not being able to wear shorts to school in winter. The only warning i would give is i bought the size 7 for a very small 8 year old and they only just fit, so might need to go one size bigger then normal.
B0051MQZRE My son loves these My son loves these warm ups, they are great for around the house or for his soccer practice. The fit was correct and he wears these all the time because they are very comfortable, his words not mine.
B0051MR230 Puma Reversible Pant Once again very happy with the quality that Puma seems to always have.  No longer able to wear white side out as the mesh material these pants are made of did not clean up very well.  Fit wonderfully!
B0051MR230 well made These pant hold up well even with all the different activities that that are put to the test with. They are also a great look no matter how they are worn.
B0051TJ3NK Love them These shoes were great.  My little boy loved them.  He said they were very comfortable and thought that he looked like a big boy.
B0051TJZTM Daughter says they're comfy. They do appear to let her foot roll out a little bit more than I would like, but my daughter says these are comfy and didn't require much time to break in.  She's sold.  Size was as expected.
B0051UPV5I my son loves it my son picked this out for Christmas.  He loves it and wears it often. He lives in Arizona so it is heavy enough for winters there Ha!
B005257P74 My son loved it. My son loved it. It's looking good, fits well, does not shrink in laundry. I liked it on my son. Good looking normal shirt :)
B005258OM4 good value I like these and they are well made.  I like the material.  Shipped quickly.  Grandson likes this.  Good value.  I would buy this again.
B005258RIU great looking light weight jacket i bought these jackets for my son and his dance group.they looked really good on and hold up really wellcouldnt beat the price
B0053A2LWC My favorite shoe I purchase Puma H-street sneakers every time Puma re-introduces them. I just wish they would had more (less gaudy!) colors. I toss mine in the washer & dryer when they get dirty and they are as good as new.
B0053A2M3A Awesome!!!!! These Shoes are great, they're light-weight and comfortable...can be worn with or without socks depending on whether ur feet sweat or not. Great workout shoes.
B0053A2M3A The best ,is very light weight This sneaker aee the best to go to the gym very light weight and comfortable ,look so beautiful and low profile
B0053A2M3A Great Buy very light snickers,comfertable,looks great,dont know how long its gonna last but i think it depence to the person whos wearing it
B0053A2M3A Extra comfy & Stylish I bought these shoes because there were super cute and when I tried them on, it was super comfortable! And it's also not one of those made in China shoes, phew! Everything is perfect besides the point that, the bottom may be slippery for super slick floors like in Steak N' Shake. I slipped many times but didn't land on the floor, luckily. But it's perfect for the outdoors for running in which is it's intended for.
B0053A2M3A Puma H-Streets rock!! Puma H-Streets are awesome minimalist shoes! They've been discontinued twice now so I stocked up with what I could find in my size. I hope I have enough pairs to hold me over until they reintroduce them!!
B0053A2M3A Awesome shoe Really comfortable light and breath really well they are pretty great would buy again fast shipping and service look great where them for everything
B0053A2M3A Perfect! I am absolutely in love with all that puma does! I had been eye-balling these for the longest time before I decided to make the investment. They are well worth it!The shoes are light-weight and perfect for aerobic workouts. The sole is very thin. I've tried them without socks, and you can definitely feel the wind between your toes! Surprise! Highly breathable. Very stylish as well! LOVE THEM!
B0053A2M3A Love, Love, Love These Did I mention I love them.  Light weight with minimal sole, perfect for crossfit type activities, weightlifting, etc. Very Comfy!
B0053A2M3A stylish, light, and comfy Seemed flimsy at first, but held up well.  great for running.  Feel light as air.  These compare to the Nike Frees.
B0053A2M3A Light I just received my Puma training shoes and wow I love it so light stylish and feels so good when wearing them. The best Training shoes I have ever got. I love the light weight of these shose.Thank you
B0053VMIQU BAD these clothes never get to your destination that are irresponsible, are useless, and nadien responsible for these problems .z.zz z
B0053VMJ28 Overpriced, low quality, but stylish - pay for the Ferrari brand Puma Scuderia Ferrari Track Jacket (Medium, Red)This jacket is about twice as expensive as any comparable polyester track jacket. The bulk of the price probably goes to the officially licensed Ferrari logos and text. Here's the interesting part - the Scuderia Ferrari text on the back is simply printed on the polyester. After a dozen or so washes, the text will definitely come off. The Ferrari prancing horse logo is woven, but it is glued to the polyester! It was already coming off when I removed the jacket from the packaging. The material is very thin, about half the thickness of less expensive track jackets. The sizing is also off because I normally wear Medium, and this jacket in Medium was just RIGHT for the arm length and overall length as if it were painted on. When I raised my arms, I could easily tell the jacket was 1 size too small. So order 1 size up and it won't be too baggy.Overall: 3/5 stars, overpriced but stylish, low quality, the extra money goes into the official Ferrari licensed logo/text which happens to be the lowest quality aspect of the jacket.
B0053VMJ6E puma basic I got this from macy's ,not from amazon .Because this is basic puma product,not as good as higher end of other puma product but pretty decent for the price and I like the style too.
B0053VMJDM Excellent materials and quality, great design, overall great value Puma Faas Training Tee (Puma Red / Medium)The Faas training tee is 100% polyester and fits perfectly. I normally wear size medium, and my chest size is 37". The length is perfect, and the sleeves are a good size. The polyester material is really refined. It is advertised as being a USP moisture management system, and feels much like the Alpinestars and Psycleskins undersuit/under-armor that I wear underneath my leather motorcycle racing suit. The purpose of this material is to absorb sweat and prevent damaging the helmet liner /EPS foam or the leather suit itself (at least allows you to wash the liner and not the helmet/leather). It also provides a cooling effect on your skin. When jogging in 100F weather, the Puma Faas performed the same function as my undersuit. I could feel the evaporative effect, and the thinner mesh material on the sides provided additional ventilation due to the improved airflow. The material felt very comfortable against my skin, and the Puma Red is both a safety feature (allows drivers to see me on the road) and something that reminds me of Ducati or Ferrari red. I normally wear Adidas athletic gear, but Puma is very competitive with comparable pricing and designs. I wouldn't hesitate to try other Puma clothing.Puma includes a table of eco-friendly manufacturing practices, and advertised that the polyester was made from recycled materials such as old plastic bottles. These green practices bolster Puma's brand image especially in the current market where sustainability is a hot issue.The only thing I didn't like is the use of sealant logos which are known to come off after multiple washes. I'm not a big fan of these because you're paying more for the Puma brand name, and if that brand logo comes off, then it loses its value. This is one reason why I tend to find less expensive generic brand polyester athletic clothing because I tend to abuse my training gear.Overall: 5/5 stars, great price and value, excellent design and features.
B0053VMMUC Best sport shorts ever! Too awesome.  Pull cord around knee openings, back pocket for my wallet.  Loved it so much, bought 4 in both black and grey.
B0053VMQTE Gift It was registered for gifts, so I was certain he would like it, and he did, very nice.A great gift
B0053VMRR0 For me - fits a little small I wear a 42 jacket and wear large in everything I own.  I found these a little tight around the chest and the sleeves a little tigh under the arm.  I think an XL would have been a better choice.  As far as the shirt, it is actually a little warmer working out than I expected - I prefer my regular cotton Ts than this.
B0053VMRR0 Great Workout Shirt Great moisture wicking material keeps you dryer and cool while working out.  Seems like it is well made and will last.  I love Puma stuff, so this is a great addition.
B0053VMRR0 Just ok Material was not to my liking. Too long in the body for my liking. Would not recommend it versus other brands
B0053VMRR0 And Quality is PUMA's Name-Ooooh Yeeeaaaahh. Once again, I purr-chased one of the top names in training gear without disappointment.  The fabric is cool and comfortable, more like a second skin.  If you only choose the best to put in your gym bag or locker, get to know the PUMA brand.  You'll rarely be disappointed.
B0053VMUJ0 Ferrari Swag This product came as advertised and is a hit with the ladies. After all, how can one go wrong when wearing Ferrari? Well done Puma!
B0053YAH4M Very good. Very comfortable, covered my expectations 100% satisfied with your purchase for my wife. not remove them. uses all the time.
B0053YAH4M love my new shoes love it simply perfect for me, the colors the size, just perfect, took a while to receive it because I am in Venezuela, but at las i have it
B00541TQMS PUMA bag for kids Bought 2 of these for my sons soccer stuff. These will fit a size 3 soccer ball, cleats and a water bottle. The seams ripped a little, but the material is a nice quality. I will just re-sew the seams and be ok. The strings are long for a 6 year old to carry on back and ride a bike. I dont think this was designed to be a soccer bag, but looks real cool !!!!
B00541TQOG Wonderful Great product.  Well made.  Zippers work wonderfully.  Pair this with the Puma lunch tote and your kid will be styling.
B00542WIIQ I love my hoodie. Loved it. It fit perfectly to my body and it's my first hoodie and I'm in love with it. Everyone should have one.
B00542WIIQ So soft! Am very happy with the Puma Hoodie, only dislike would be that it is not very long, and sits just above the hips which is a bit short for me personally, also the sleeves are not very long they sit just above the wrists which i dont like.Other than that the hoodie is very soft inside and out, the colour is very pretty and the puma logo on the front is white with a shimmer to it, very cool, all up pretty happy.
B005438OCY great shoes! My daughter goes daily to swim and they excercise about 1 hour, she uses this shoes near water and they are perfect for that. Very happy with the purchase. Thanks!
B0054D25JM Very good for speed and shot It was quite tight when I first put it on. But that is good for performance, maybe.compared to my CTR360, THis cleats emphasize on acceleration and shooting power.That means less ball control and accuracy. Love it anyway.
B0054D2V7S Nice turf shoe I wore these once for about two hours yesterday. The traction is excellent, huge improvement on turf over my indoor sambas. The style is very nice and I really like the green color, it's a little bright, but an attractive design in my opinion.Watch out if you have wide feet like me. It was a relief when I took these off, because feet were hurting!!!! It wasn't the most comfortable but at least I didn't get any blisters (I'm prone to blisters). I'll use these more and hope they stretch and widen a bit. If they do and comfort does get better, then I'll up it to 5 stars. Hope this helps.
B0054D2V7S Solid Turf Shoe I played a season on the turf with these and am about to start up a second season.The V5.11's are solid. I've been a longtime Puma fan, so I was first drawn to the styling of the shoe.When I took them to the turf, they held up well. Great traction in dry and sopping wet conditions. Easy to put a good strike on the ball.The fit was true for me. Maybe a bit narrow, as some have said, but not too much so.After a season, they've held up well. Still look good and no major signs of distress.Highly recommend!
B0054KWWQG Still wearing a year later, but not a fan of the price Well, I've had these socks for nearly a year I believe.  The washing machine and dryer have stolen a few, so I think I am down to one pair, but they've lasted without holes.  I'm a size 11.5 in sneakers and ordered the size 10-13 socks, which fit my somewhat narrow foot just fine.They're comfortable and seem good for athletic activity.  I just don't like the price point in comparison to other brands, so I just purchased another brand to replace them.  Quality and price make me feel like they're &#34;okay&#34;, hence my 3-star review.  Maybe I'm just picky.
B0054KWWQG Great socks Great socks, they came as shown in images. The only issue is that I wear 10,5 in shoes and the socks fit tightly so I guess a size 13 user won't work for him/her.
B0054KWWQG Great Socks These socks seem a little thicker than the one's I had before. As always they still keep my feet dry.
B0054KWWQG Great socks! I'm a Crossfit trainer and really love this style of socks for my workouts. I don't know if these are the best priced but came on time!
B0054KWWQG Mmmmm...Socks. I'm always hesitant to spend more money than I need to. These socks however were not a disappointment. I'm not as big a fan of the socks with PUMA stitched in huge letters across the arch, but overall these are very  comfortable socks. They are long lasting, and retain their comfort. Well worth the eighteen dollars I spent on them.
B0054KWWQG Perfect Athletic Socks My son has found these socks to be his new favorites.  As socks go, they look great too and wash and dry well.  Great product!!
B0054KWWQG Great Socks These socks are comfortable and affordable. I still use them today almost two years later so I'd say they've lasted plenty long :)
B0054KWWQG like these socks a lot I think theey are very comfortable an Ibeen wearin a pair everyday since Igot them an they don't wear when u wash them most socks even the first time u wash them especially the black ones they show a litttle bit of them gettin  an llighterr each time u wash but these socks are stayin the same
B0054KWWQG Puma Men's Sport Socks These are the best running socks I've ever bought by far. Great Price too. I couldn't find anything cheaper and i searched the internet for a while.
B0054KWWQG Great Socks! Very comfortable, the fit and feel fantastic. I'm scared they may loose that amazing "new sock" feeling after a wash but other reviews suggest this is not the cash. Stylish and clean!Recommended!
B0054KWWQG Good socks. Pros:Nice looking.Very soft, even after washing.Cons:Design seems to fray a little. It's not serious, it just ends up making the lettering look a little less distinct.Overall:I would recommend these to anyone, and will probably buy more if mine ever wear out.
B0054KWWQG Great socks, great deal The older I get the more I realize it's better to spend a little more and get a good product that will last longer than pay half price for an inferior product that you'll have to replace time and time again. I never wear shoes in the house and I'm not a slipper kinda guy, so I've been wearing these socks every day. They haven't started to thin out. There are no holes. Wash them and they're like new. Nice, tight fit as well. Never thought I could love a pair of socks.
B0054KWWQG Gift for Bug Nice Socks, good price and shipped fast
B0054KWWQG socks These socks are smaller than specified. Does not work for my son size 10 mens. Would definitely not order again
B0054KWYWI Good socks Great socks, bought them for my 16 year old and she loves them! The picture Amazon shows does not do them justice, and if you are looking for low rise socks with black and bright color accents these would not disappoint.
B0054KWZKE puma low cut sport socks the item was sent in the time frame that was described, and the item was as described.  good quality for the money
B0054KWZKE Puma rocks These socks do NOT creep down your heel... at all!  I love them!  Puma seems to know how to make a quality sock.
B005543Z5S Thank you. Thank you for the fast delivery. I've purchased these shoes before from the PUMA main website, however, they seemed to have been discontinued. These shoes are perfect for me and I appriciate you having them for sale.
B005543Z5S Love These Cats I just received my FAAS 400's and took them for a road run fresh out of the box. Not only did they fit my feet like a glove, but they are so light I could hardly believe it. Nothing but comfort and speed on my run and they look awesome to boot. Buy them if you are a runner that likes comfort and speed along with a bit of style.
B005543Z5S The  Faas and the Furious First off all,I have to say that even before I put them on,I noticed how light they were.How light?I don't have a scale in my apartment,but let me tell you,they are feathery.Very comfortable,no pinching or rubbing was felt anywhere.The lockdown fit is yet to be determined,as I didn't really buy these for running,although I often run to and from the gym in them.I wear them kinda loose,so your fit may be a bit different.They got soaked in an unexpected downpour,so I threw them in the washing machine and let them air dry (took about a day) and they were no worse for the wear...I found out that the higher the number (250,400,500,ets.)denote a higher level of cushioned depending on your needs.Overall,a really good shoe.
B005543Z5S Comfortable, supportive and sleek. Only 20 or so minutes after waking up, I received the package. I was skeptical to begin with(love pumas, but not sure about the whole Usain Bolt facade), however, once I got them out of the package it was hard to retain my cynicism. They already looked good, so I slipped them on and gave them a test. My god..... I don't know how else to put it. Cloud nine comfort, right off the back and I'm a terrible morning person. I then took my dog for a walk/jog, they truly do not disappoint. Their soles are great at gripping most surfaces. In all, worth 50$ anyday.
B005543Z5S Puma Usain Bolt shoes The Puma Bolt Faas 400 shoes are light, comfortable, and have a cool gold thread design of Usain Bolt doing his signature Bolt move on top of the shoe tongue.  Lots of fun!
B005543ZHQ Amazing Shoes Sooooo confortable love it. I would recommend these shoes very highly. I just don't understand why this model was discontinued.
B005543ZHQ nice my husband liked them and i got them when it said i would the material is a little thin that was un expected but other then that i like it
B005543ZHQ Why smaller? I was expecting to receive the same size as the 7.5 in black that I currently have....:(Oh well, I will survive
B0055440OS Great shoes and comfortable I wear this shoes everyday. I bike to work in them so I can use a strapless toe clip, as I had no intention of dropping $ 200 for pedal/shoe combination but wanted more stability. The combination works great. These shoes are so comfortable that I wear them everywhere. Can't do that with cleets. They are also true to size. Highly recommended.
B005544T94 As ordered. Great deal. Son loves them. Look and fit fantastic. No problems with any aspect of order. Would do again without .
B005544T94 fast arrival! The shoes feel great and look great and arrived in no time! I thought they were going to be more red but they are sort of orange but still nice. I would order from you again for sure.
B005544T94 My son loves these shoes. I bought these for my 15 yo son and he likes them a lot.  They fit him well and he gets comments on them all the time.  He is quite happy to have them.
B005544T94 My 71 yr old mom loves her shoes My mother is 71 years old and works out 3-4 days per week at the gym.  She wanted some new workout shoes for Christmas. She wanted a bright colorful shoe and I found these.  SHE LOVES them!  She said they are sooooo comfortable and she gets so many complainments when she wears them.
B005544T94 Attention getter! The shoe is lightweight and very comfortable. I purchased it in red and I receive tons of compliments every time I wear them. They sure grab everyone's attention.
B00554574K Perfect! Comfortable, Affordabl! Very nice for running or just casual kicks, either way you wear them they are comfortable, look good and will carry you through your 30 minute run or walking about the mall.
B005545B3C Comfortable, just watch the PUMA size Proud to have gotten these stylish and comfortable shoes at a very reasonable cost. So far they feel sturdy; use them for exercise and travel.Just that I normally buy shoes with a tad of slack to accommodate thick socks (that's how I like it). And these seem to be a little tighter (compared to my Nike's), so you may want to keep that in mind when selecting the size. My solution to this is simple; I wear them with the thinner ankle socks. The shoes are simply too comfortable to return :-)
B0055476V2 love it this shoes desirve 5 stars rate cose when u ware this puma shoes u will not feel that u ware shoes very comfortable colorful and fashion
B005547MJS delays longer than free 5-more days shipping The last item like this, I purchased was very nice but you could see too much glue between sole and shoe, BUT THE REAZON WHY I AM PUTTING THIS REVIEW, IS BEACUSE WHEN I PURCHASE OTHER ITEMS WITH 5 OR MORE DAYS FREE SHIPPING THEY NORMALLY TAKE 5 DAYS TO DELIVERY, AND I BOUGHTH THIS ONE WITH 3-5 DAYS SHIPPING FOR 4.5 DOLLARS ON MARCH 6th but I just realized they are gonna ship it on march 16th "THAT SUCKS"
B005547MJS Multi Purpose and Super Comfy These shoes are perfect for my lifestyle in the fitness industry. They fit like a glove, the strap as the lace is so convenient to hope into on the go. Everyone likes the uniqueness of the shoe and they lasted me for a long time. ( actually, I could still wear them but not for their original intended purposes).Not useful to run in seriously, but I have jogged around my facility casually in them. Great for lifting, and as always with Pumas I ordered a size up.
B0055523LE Awesome Old School Style I don't find many of the today's "sneakers" to be very visually pleasing so I was excited to be able to buy this old school style Puma on Amazon.  The shoe looks awesome and is very comfortable.  I wouldn't work out in it, but to wear around with jeans it ranks up there with my Sperry Top-siders. I would recommend getting a full size larger.  I wear a 9d dress shoe and ordered the 9.5.  It was a little snug around the front of my big toe so I sent it back and got the 10.
B0055523WS Perfect! Just what I expected! Very confort in all ways. I was looking for them for 4 months. Now I finally have them.
B0055523WS they are exactly what i wanted shoes got here in perfect condition. they are exactly what i was looking for and they look great. i had my doubts before about getting them or not but im glad i did. thx
B0055523WS puma mens california I'm not sure whether the shoes are original or not Otherwise all good ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
B005552422 Comfortable I first saw this in a nearby golf shop. Although they had the right size, they didn't have the color I wanted. Fortunately Amazon did. This shoe is well suited for walking. I guess that's important if you're walking a few thousand yards on the links. It doesn't have grip like typical golf shoes so I can wear it anywhere or just to the driving range.
B005552422 EXCELLENT excellent shoe, very comfortable and pleasant to walk, I recommend it to everyone, actually exceeded the expectations I had about the product
B005552422 Fits good Exactly how I thought they were. Was in between sizes so I picked the higher one and it fits perfect.
B005552422 Amazing Shoes This item is the best! They are very comfortable to wear. You can wear anything with these shoes. I recommend everybody to get these. These shoes are very simple, nice and neat, and perfect condition to wear to go out. Get THESE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005552422 Puma shoes The men's Puma shoes were just as pictured. Arrived very quickly. And were a very good value. The recipient loved them.
B005552422 Excellent shoes Great shoes, very good design and are also made &#8203;&#8203;of excellent material, which combine with all kinds of clothes .. thanks
B005552422 This is a very stylish and somewhat comfortable shoe that works really well for almost any casual ... This is a very stylish and somewhat comfortable shoe that works really well for almost any casual wardrobe. I deduct one star for my review because they aren't very comfortable for walking an extended period of time. They don't offer much support or cushioning. If you're hanging out with freinds, want to look stylish but don't plan on walking around much then these shoes are a great choice.
B005552422 Look nice, not super comfortable I really like these shoes, but they are not the most comfortable.  They're super easy to wipe clean as well.  Very happy with my purchase although I do not think I would buy a second pair.  There is just slightly too little cushioning.
B005552422 happy feet my son and his own style he likes them and thats what matters. He wears them constantly everwhere even to bed.
B005552422 Perfect Arrived right on time and looked exactly as pictured. Great fit and everything! Already got a bunch of compliments on them!
B005552422 steel grey , fit a lot of colors grey jeans, grey shirt, grey belt with that PUMA,you are wantedi wish i wouldn't take it out.I am on my forth day with it,I am going ahead for a fifth.
B005552422 Puma It came really quickly and my hipping was the standar... New and beautyfull.. Are really confort.. The price was perfect..
B005552422 thanks dad Fits as expected my son loves them. he was expecting Allstars but he loves the Pumas instead.goes well with almost everything. Nice and confortable
B005552422 Puma Prompt delivery, product is good.  My husband likes it, comfortable and will purchase again.  The only thing was I paid too much in taxes in my country.
B005552422 Four Stars nice
B005552422 Nice These are great for the price, especially if you want a subdued, light, comfortable casual shoe. I only gave it only 4 stars because it's a little unusually shaped in front, and feels a little flimsy, Still, for the price, I'd buy again.
B005552422 Love em. I love Puma shoes. I've been wearing them since I was 16 or 17 and they've always been the most comfortable. They didn't have what I wanted at the mall shoe stores so I thought maybe amazon would.  I was right! And for 30 dollars less too!
B005552422 Cost of returning items 3 stars for the item itself.  Wish they'd fit.0 STARS FOR THE $9.90 it cost to return them to Kentucky.  Trust I'll be reimbursed/given credit for that expense.  I'd appreciate a response on that issue.Thnx.
B005552422 Excellent Took a little longer to receive than I anticipated,  but the wait was worth it.  Solid construction,  fit to size, feels great,  and VERY comfortable.  I say buy !
B005552422 Love It Simple and worth ever penny spent.  Looks neat with any type of dark jeans. Would have preferred some inner padding but well you get what you pay for so not complaining too much about it.
B005552422 Sizing is right on - lightweight, but top gets stiff in cold I like these shoes. They're comfy and light. The sizing is perfect - I ordered my normal size. My only complaint is that in cold weather the top (above the toes) is a bit stiff and uncomfortable. I haven't been in really cold weather yet, so I assume they'll get even worse. But for summer wear, I like them.
B005552422 Love the Look I liked these for my husband, because he is kind of known for wearing the saddle oxford style of shoe for most of his life, and this reminded me of that style.  He works with teenagers, and they think these are cool!  He says they are very comfortable.
B00555248Q Capturing my husbands youth! When I see these sneakers on my husband it makes me feel happy! He absolutely loves them! Awesome sneaker! My hubby is happy!
B0055524JA Terrific These may be the best shoes I have ever purchased online. The arrived quickly and are VERY comfortable.  I recommend these to everyone.
B0055528IM Awesome! My 16 year old son bought these for everyday use. He claims they are one of the most comfortable sneakers he has owned. He has gotten numerous compliments on them by his friends. True to size. Shipment received before they were due to arrive - Yay!
B0055528IM excellent sneaker fits great, exactly as described, good looking, excellent sneakers, arrived at time. I really like it and will purchase one more pear.
B0055528IM sent wrong size The website description is confusing - it says 11.5 US/13 D(M) - (the 'M' stands for Male).  I ordered and thought I was getting a 13D but rec'd an 11.5.  However, customer service, as usual, was very good and credited my acct, within 2 days and sent me a return label for UPS (free return shipping).  The customer service rep simulated buying the shoe and told me how to overcome the apparent gliche on the website.  So I ordered a 15D in order to get the 13.5D.  This gliche might be fixed by the time you read this but &#34;hats off&#34; to Amazons Customer Service.....they are excellent and very professional.  The shoes themselves are great - I'll rate the new ones when they arrive.
B005555GP4 Pretty awesome I love these shoes. They are stylish and simple at the same time. Plus the prize does not hurt the wallet.
B005558HJG Awesome! Loved them, fit perfect when I got them. Very comfortable and stylish colors as pictured. I've had them probably four or five months now still like new def recommend!
B00555AO2E love these shoes are trendy comfy and wear almost with anything. seriously one of my favorite sneakers. a work must! id buy them again!
B00555AO2E good I enjoyed pretty much the j I think I'll buy one of these,a good product with good pricegood price enjoyed
B0055BZJGY Excellent!!!!!!!!!! Very good, the box and the product was great, and the service of the buyer, the ship also was very fast, thanks
B0055BZJGY Very useful, confortable and practical Do not have laces which makes putting them on and take them off easy. I suffer from arthritis and I have little strength in my hands. for me have been very useful, comfortable and practical.
B0055DXVEE Light weight and super comfy I bought these capri sports shorts for my husband and he loves them. The fabric is so lightweight that he went swimming in them. I would definitely get him more of these.
B0055EK16Y A LOVELY SHOES A LOVELY SHOES... Sleek style got it muted colors. Very soft base. Comfortable to use and lightweight. Suitable for use in an indoor hall.
B0055PMAEE Awesome! With most low-tops, I tend to get blisters and whatnot.  These pumas, however, are made of pretty soft fabric and the bottom is super cushy.  Can wear them with or without socks and have no issues.  They're probably the best low top shoes I have owned to date.  Plus the color's awesome.
B0055PMXTG CUTE Cute Cute I love these shoes. Wish they had more colors.  They wear well and look fantastic.  Many compliments and I am noted for my shoes
B0055PN9OO Great This shoes actually looks better to the naked eye if fits great and sole is very comfortable it come in a very little cleaver bag. Its just sweet. The Seller is a reliable one.
B0055QR480 As expected I have bought many times in this website, and I  have no complaint about any of my purchases.You could be sure that you are buying original products. As always no problem with this item.
B0055QSNPS Bowling shoes? The shoe on-line looks much better than in person.  I had various people ask if I was wearing bowling shoes.  Thatsnot what BuckeyeNation wants to hear.  I got a image to keep.
B0055X9OO0 My wife absolutely loves the shoes! She says they feel great, and they look great on her feet as well i must say. Very good purchase with a great price!
B0055XATC6 LYS I loved my puma, are comfortable and look good with jeans, the material is very good and very nice design ...
B0055XBNG2 MOST COMFORTABLE STREET SHOW EVER!!! I wear these commuting to and from work (keep my office heels under my desk).  After wearing these for about a week I bought four more pairs in other colors!  I also wear them for weekend stuff like visiting nature preserves where I'm on a path rather than a trail.  At least once a week women come up to me and ask where I got those great looking shoes and are they as comfy as they look!TOTALLY recommend them. (Go to a Puma outlet to figure out your correct size then shop on line as they will be one-third cheaper.)
B0055XD8JM Unique and Comfy Very very nice sneaker.  Unique coloring and design. Very comfy.  True to fit.  Nothing outlandish and nice touch with the red.  I really enjoyed wearing it.
B0055XDNQA Excellent! Excellent!  As it arrived as requested!  We were to perfection to my wife! Be amazed! Excelente! Llegaron tal cual como los solicit&eacute;! Le quedaron a la perfeccion a mi esposa!Quedo encantada!
B00562KI36 original item Very good and fast shipping,  item received as it shown in the site.
B00569FKLE Awesome ballet flats Bought this ballet flat when it was a brand new design - the Espera I - 4 years ago and loved it then, still using them today.  I tried on this flat at a Puma store recently; Puma has really modified/improved the original model.  These flats provide your feet sufficient support while looking stylish.  I actually wear these with nice slacks and skirts on casual dress days at the office and receive many compliments on them.  Just remember to order a half size up.
B00569FKLE puma womens expera III googled these shoes to see where I could buy, amazon came up - excellent price, good communication and excellent service
B00569FWJ4 Really comfortable but best for wider feet I bought these as an easy slip on, slip off option. While they were true to size from a length perspective, the structuring on the sides is lacking and felt really loose and unstable. While they are really comfortable on the sole and are lightweight, I ended up returning them because of the width being too loose.
B00569FWJ4 Comfy My wife loves these shoes, they are light, comfortable and supportive. They are great for warm days or long trips and walking around town, she says her feet feel great after wearing them all day and they breathe well.
B00569G3FG Puma present My daughter received these shoes as a Christmas Present.  She LOVES them!!  I was concerned with the size - and had her measure her foot per the site.  They FIT perfectly!!  She says they do not pinch and are very comfy.
B0056F5AC2 Ricky Fowler Move Over Puma has the look. Bright colors and great designs mark this light sweater for golf or after golf. Comfortable, colorful and true to size.
B0056F5EXW An attractive jacket I have had several compliments on the jacket and it goes well with a white drivers hat.It's comfortable zippered jacket made of knit fabric. I find it comfortable from 55 F to 70 F.The white color is good for visibility at night.
B0056PKCCK sweeeet Hopefully these fit - I am a die-hard Puma fan (men's old school style) so I know they can run a bit smaller. My son wears an 11.5 in Nike's, so I got him a 12.  The canvas is a tad bit lighter than in the picture, other than that - true to the description.
B0056PKEMI not what i thought i was getting i would go a 1/2 size down on these if i were you. also they are not really a bright soft blue like in the picture. they are much darker and duller in person. still and nice comfortable shoe though. got them super fast but for $20 shipping, you'd expect that.
B0056PKGV2 Decent Good all around shoe, not much else to say, could be more durable...need a couple more words...okay three more. bla
B0056WZDA4 Great cleats at a reasonable price I bought these cleats for my daughter, and she loves them.  They are light and comfortable as well as nice looking.  We have found that Puma shoes and cleats seem to run a little small, and so buying one size larger than her usual shoe size worked well for my daughter. Would definitely recommend these cleats to any player who is at a beginning to intermediate level of play.
B0056WZJVC Love them! Still feel great after a 5 mile jog, these are lightweight & flexible.I love these shoes, they are great for all day or just your workout time.
B0056WZN2W PERFECT!!! THESE SNEAKERS ARE PERFECT FOR WALKING AND EVERYDAY WEAR!!! NICE COLORS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER AND COMFORTABLE!!! GR8T BUY! I DO RECOMMEND
B0056WZN2W Puma Pink I always get compliments on these shoes, and people always ask where I got them.  They are easy to put on while I am holding onto a baby.  Sometimes don't have the luxury of hands. :) Great shoes.
B0056X0FVK thin tread,, the marshmellows on the side are only for decoration width is nice for my wide feet. I am disapointed .. I thought the tread would be cushy.. it's not. cute look.. butI bought them to walk my dogs..
B0056YCZ5S Great sneakers! I love these shoes! The only problem isn't I didn't order multiple pairs, as I think I will have worn these through in less than a year. Not because they are poorly constructed but because I wear them for EVERYTHING.They have great support, even for my high arches. They are soft and flexible making them very comfortable to move in and wear all day. Super light so I don't tire so easily on runs and hikes. I don't have enough good things to say! Puma is the best!
B0056YF2DU Great shoes!! I work in a hospital, so I bought these shoes for work. The shoe is amazing. It's true to size, and the leather was easily broken in. I am on my feet for 12 hours and they never hurt. Light weight, and always look and feel great!!
B0056YH1PW Love these shoes They look better in person, come with a handy carrying bag, and are so far incredibly comfortable. As a bonus the packaging is environmentally friendly :)
B0056YJD08 Headturner!!!!!!!! An awesome shoe that still turns heads! I have had these shoes for months, and they perform greatly. The lime green works great as a reflective product, and the Puma mold has been refreshing to train in.
B0056YP5VE Amazing The shoes are amazing. I bought them in April and they're still awesome. I love them they're my favorite shoes.
B0056YQPA4 great cleat Love them i can use them on any type of pitch, they really help you to moveLove em. :)
B0056YQPA4 very good Puma rugby boots is very good, it's big pleasure to play by this. I thank to producers and amazon team for it
B0056YQYTQ Very comfortable FootWear. the bottom is solid .  The insole is soft.  The football shoes is very light.  It protects  your  feet  well.  the design is off he chain.  This I will recommend  and a must get  for my friends.
B0056YQYTQ Awesome I love Puma and these shoes are awesome.  I flat feet and these feel great and I get compliments all the time.
B0056YR3N2 Works Freat for me!! I have been playing with my shoes for over 6 months now. I am attached firmly to the ground and no one gets by me.
B0056YRCTW Great boots and seller Great football boots at a great price! the shipping was fast and no problems at all! They do feel a bit tighter than my other 10.5 shoes...Next time I would order at least half a size more!
B00573UJEW Quality I bought these trainers for my husband.  Normally he wears his trainers out super fast but these have lasted longer then other sneakers we have purchased.  He is a soccer coach and plays quite regularly.  I would definately purchase these again for him.
B0057DPSQG Husband loves them My husband says these are a Great fit and super comfy.  The only (non) issue was that the Puma logo came off.  Other than that, great boxers!
B0057DPSQG Five Stars Gooood
B0057DPSQG Puma I am a big fan of Puma products.The products I have purchased earlier are all to my satisfactory .So is even this product
B0057DPSQG Allergic The tag on the back of the under-ware is not good at all, when u wear it, it becomes very itchey and uncomfortable. I would not buy it again, sorry, but they should go tag less and then I would probably give them a rating. Other than that, I wasted my money!
B0057DPSQG not a boxer brief after wearing the boxers for only a couple of hours, they loosen up and become really baggy. i've been much happier with the adidas version.
B0057DPSQG Big They are a lot bigger than I would like them to be  maybe I can get them to shrink in dryer.
B0057DPSQG Smooth! The first thing I thought of when I slipped these bad boys on, Ned Flanders couldn't have said it better himself.  "Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all!"These are extremely soft and comfortable, it literally felt like I wasn't wearing briefs at all.  I think the big reason for that is that the strap isn't super tight.  That could be good or bad.  You don't really feel the elasticity, hence more comfortable, but I suppose some wearers could get the sense that they are constantly slipping.  I didn't.The style is really great too.  The Puma logo is a pretty cheap iron on decal sort of thing so that'll probably crack/peel off after a few washes (if that sort of thing bothers you)
B0057DPSQG PUMA PUTS PRIDE IN PRESENTATION THIS PRODUCT IS WELL MADE & FITS TRUE TO SIZE.  COMFORTABLE TO WEAR & WASHES WELL. BASIC COLORS FOR MEN.  AND MY SON LOVES THEM!
B0057DPSQG Simply comfortable these Briefs have to be my Favorite that i have bought. the material is nice and soft and the stitching on the inside doesn't irritate my thy. these are a great choice
B0057DPSQG Good style, good value, bad boxer-briefs These are cotton boxer briefs that quickly become just boxers after very little wear.  Put them on in the morning and they fit like a good pair of boxer briefs should - snug and lightly supportive.  By the middle of the day they completely stretch out and you're basically wearing boxers.  But they do look good with contrast stitching so you can score points with chics (or i guess guys if you roll that way) for having "cute underwear."  The three stars are for style and value not function.
B0057DPSQG I wear them, but not impressed The Puma Men's Boxer Brief's are nice, but there is room for improvement.Lets break this down in to pros and consPros:- Very smooth (love soft stuff? This is for you!)- Cool design (Red on black is awesome!)Cons:- Fits a little weird, and are kind of looser than most briefs.Some reviewers claim to have holes in them or other issues, and I had nothing like that.Overall, I will be buying boxers again soon and while theres are nice (4 out of 5 stars) I will personally be looking for a new brand (5 out of 5 stars).
B0057DPSQG lightweight and nice fit I was diappointed by the construction of the Hugo Boss brand, so I gave these a try.  The material is pretty lightweight yet durable and does not tend to stretch out during the day.  So far so good after a few months.
B0057DPSQG Really Nice.... I like the fit, it was exactly what I was looking for. I don't like clingy underwear that squeeze me up so this works well for me.
B0057DPSQG Order 2 sizes smaller than you wear These boxers run very big. I suggest you order 2 sizes smaller than you need. By the time you figure it out, it's too late to return since the product is open. Good luck with these.
B0057DPSQG Good comfortable sporty boxers These are good I which they were a bit snugger in a few places, but I dig them. They are comfortable for every day wear or for activities. My wife likes the look pretty well although does prefer the look of some other boxers normally ones that are less comfortable. I would likely try buying these again.
B0057DPSQG Elastic isn't very good If you are looking for some underwear that has good elastic on the legs, this isn't it.  The elastic was worn out before lunch time.
B0057DPSQG I LOVE IT LOVE THESE SHORTS THANKS THEY ARE GREAT. A A A A A  A A A A A A A A
B0057DPSQG puma underwear Very good product , I will continue to by this brand I wirk 12 hr shifts and they are Very comftrable I need more if these.
B0057DPSQG Legs seem a little wide for a "small" I love the design and construction on these, but for a &#34;small&#34; the legs seem pretty loose, almost like boxers. This is coming from someone with fairly muscular legs, not little twigs, so usually I'm stuck with the opposite problem. It doesn't both me much, but if you're looking for a close fit around the thighs, look elsewhere.However the waistband fits perfectly. Win some, lose some.
B0057DPSQG is ok A little big normally in use m but this come bigger like the other brand s anyway is ok I have no time to return and change
B0057DPSQG very confortable boxer briefs I have to admitted that they are really confortable as expected, not bad for the price, it feels that can desipate the heat very fast. overall I am really happy for my purchase.
B0057DPSQG Great underwear My best friend recommended this underwear. I told him I normally wear briefs and don't like boxer briefs, but he insisted, so I bought them and wear them all the time now.
B0057DPSQG Puma shorts Shorts:Best boxer shorts I have ever worn, and I'm 82 years old.That says a lot, pleasing an old coot like me!
B0057DPSQG Most Comfortable Underwear Ever I was a boxer guy for at least 10-15 years, then randomly had a discussion with a friend of mine from work about how boxers ride up sometimes at our job, he said he switched to boxer-briefs a while back and I tried some hanes because who doesn't like Michael Jordan.  They were alright, but still mostly wore just standard boxers.Decided to try these out just recently and I've clearly never known comfortable underwear until now.  These are perfect, they fit perfect, their thin and light but sturdy, soft, flexible.  These are awesome - never knew what comfortable underwear felt like until now!
B0057DPSQG Quickly loses it's shape and gets baggy. It looked good, but just in couple of weeks it lose its shape and got baggy.Not too bad for its price.
B0057DPSQG Love these Very comfortable all day long.  Nice material.  Durable.Would highly recommend guys try out this product.  Its my 4th pack.
B0057DPSQG Great These are soft and comfortable.  The material is on the thinner side which is more comfortable and breathes better than some of the other brands and styles.  Great to wear with shorts as they are not longer on the leg, but they are not so short that they ride up.
B0057DPSQG Very Comfortable but NOT Durable! These boxer briefs are very comfortable to wear; however, they don't hold there shape well throughout the day and the fabric wears thin very quickly.  After five to six washes I noticed small holes around the band and in the in-seem areas.  These briefs are too expensive when you consider the durability issues.
B0057DPSQG Nice construction but did I lose weight? I had Puma boxer briefs of some other variety a while back and liked them, so I thought I'd try these. I'm 5'9" 165-170 lbs and a true medium. These things made me feel like I was 10 and putting on my dad's underwear. Just way too big.Lots of other reviewers here say the same thing, so I guess it's not just a mis-marked batch. Too bad. Fabric is great, elastic band seems very good... just too stinkin' big (that's what she said)!
B0057DPSQG Baggy A tiny bit baggy, I guess I expected compression shorts but they're super comfy and soft which is nice .
B0057DPSQG Can't go wrong. These are great for almost any situation. Comfortable feel, appropriate hold and quality of material seems just right. My wife bought me a pack and I've sincd replaced most of my underwear drawer.
B0057DPSQG dosen't fit good I ordered a small as i have a 29 inch waist. These boxers have a 34 inch waist, at least. They can not stay on my body. I will buy from a different brand in the future. I even washed and dried them several times on high heat, still way too big for me. The elastic waistband might need to be cut and re-sewn together at a smaller circumference.
B0057DPSQG too loose around legs They aren't bad just like to have them a little tighter in the couch area around the leg openings. But they feel nice you don't even feel like you have them on otherwise.
B0057DPSQG Great! He loves them! Very comfy! Will buy these again!! They also arrived a lot quicker than expected, and were a little longer than picture looks but he liked them like that
B0057DPSQG Thanks Thanks, looks and feel great !! Puma Men's 3Pack Volume Boxer Brief, Black/Red, Large Why do I need 14 more words ??
B0057DPSQG My stuff These boxers keep all my stuff exactly where it needs to be, plus they're stylish, would definitely recommend!  Love them!
B0057DPSQG Comfy and sturdy. My son is so picky about his under garments. He prefers to wear these as they are comfortable and wash nicely.
B0057DPSQG good deal work well. My 11 yr son really wanted these for Christmas.  He is most pleased to have them and they fit him well. Can't complain when I have a modest priced gift and a happy kid.
B0057DPSQG Buy these They are so comfortable. I do IT in a machine shop so I am constantly in and out of a hot and AC environment. These are high quality and have wear comfortably. They do not ride up and stay comfortable on the hot days. Would recommend... If the topic were to come up.
B0057DPSQG Look great, feel great, fit well. Nicer than the Merona brand I usually buy at Target. Costs a little more but I think they're worth it.
B0057DPSQG gift Brought these for my son  (stocking stuffers). I  had purchased a few others and he loved how they fit. I am starting early with my Christmas shopping so I thought let me fill his stocking with practical gifts. I sm certain he will like it
B0057DPSQG Pumas Men's Boxer Brief I purchased for my husband who has a athletic build, small waist and muscular thighs.  He has a difficult time finding comfortable boxer briefs.  He has a size 30 waist and typically a size Medium fits the waist but is snug in the thighs with other brands.  These fit great, wear well with his active lifestyle and are super soft.  We will be ordering more!
B0057DPSQG They're OK. In all honesty, I LOVE my UA underwear but they are pricy for a man on a budget.  I was looking for something comparable with a better price tag and that's why I bought these and for what they are, they are OK.  Better than your typical Wal-Mart brand underwear but Under Armour they are not!  THESE ARE 100% COTTON.  GOOD COTTON Mind you! But they will stretch as you wear them and will not feel tight on you.  That being said, I have a 35 inch waist- 34's are snug on me and size 36 feels too big.  These in a SIZE L feel like a size 36 to me.  But they were still a good deal for the price.
B0057DPSQG Boxer briefs? These boxers are too loose, more like boxers than boxer briefs. Nice fabric just not great for support or comfort.
B0057DPSQG best boxers on market I'm a big fan of puma boxers.  There a bit pricey, but they are my favorite boxers.  I love them.
B0057DPSQG Nice fit but The tag itches like crazy, so I removed the tag and it still itched. After a few washes the itchy thing goes away. They fit nice and hold up well even during a work out.
B0057DPSQG Keeps things in the right places Great product and fast delivery as well
B0057DPSQG Well made These boxers are very comfortable to wear, the fabric is different than most. the only negative ia they do slide down after a while
B0057DPSQG Very comfortable I am all for underwear that is comfortable. I am not a fan of that elastic waist band, prefer underwear that is overhead with cloth. And the label is on the outside. This still look good after a number of washings. Would buy again
B0057DPSQG great underwear These are worth every penny, they fit great, feel comfortable, and very soft.  I have ordered at least 9 pairs.  the only thing, which I think I'm being nitpicky about, is the little puma logo peeled off after a few washes, but no biggie.  Will be ordering more.
B0057DPSQG Nice quality want the whole collection I got these on a lightening deal and never looked back I wish I can find the rest of the collection in a gold box.
B0057DPSQG NICE COLORS NICE COLORS AND THE WAIST FITS GOOD BUT THE REST OF THE LEG AREA IS BAGGY.IVE HAD OTHER BRANDS THAT FIT BETTER
B0057DPSQG Uncomfortable - But not how you might think... Like many other companies, they decided to make a &#34;tag-less&#34; label for these. That's great. But they made it out of that plasticy vinyl material and it sticks to your hip/butt all day. I actually have to turn these inside out to wear them. It doesn't seem like it would be a big deal, but it is annoying to constantly peel your boxers from your rear. How they missed this during the design phase is beyond me.
B0057DPSQG Not what I was expecting It fits around the waste but now around my thighs. It's not as comfy as I was thinking it would be.
B0057DPSQG Light weight, comfortable... But... I would highly recommend getting the size below what you would expect, and if you have a waist of 30in or less I would pass on these, for they are too big, and feel too loose. I also feel that they are a bit pricy, but the fact that they are lightweight and not super constricting make running hiking  etc in them nice.
B0057DPSQG mens boxers Great product. My husband had now only bought this brand of men's boxers. Thanks puma we will be buying more
B0057DPSQG way bigger than average sizes these undies look and feel nice but i bought the mediums for my bf and they were huge! a medium looks more like an xl.
B0057DPSQG Athletic Cool Cut Look Very cool red outer stitching and laminated Puma logo. Well made and stylish and have a distinguishable Puma appearance. The fit isn't as comfortable as I thought it would be though.
B0057DPSQG super comfy. breathable!! soft!  the only thing that bothers me about these particular undies is that the label on the inside of the waist gets annoying. but all in all these are a snug light responsive pair of underwear.
B0057DPSQG Good Comfortable and a great comfy fit.Although the tag in the back (inner side) peels off after one wash, this is a good product
B0057N10RC great product! It's a perfect fit, it has a very nice feel and it's very comfortable to run in. Overall a great product!
B0057Z710U Looks great For the price and value this is a solid casual watch.  It's not too dressy that it looks weird with jeans but not so casual that I can't wear it to work.  Good value, works great so far.  Only downside would be that it feels a little bit light in weight and a bit plasticky.  I had a knockoff style oakley and rolex when I was a kid and the band rattled with the same sound.
B00583W64C Puma speed Awesome shoes. Comfortable and stylish. I recommend these shoes if you like to play indoor soccer or just for casual use.
B0058PDV7G Cute & Functional Great top.  Super cute with two-fabric design and elastic waist.  It's also very functional with an internal sports bra, technical fabric, and non-chaffing arm holes.
B0058XE0GY VERY comfortable everyday shoe once broken in I've owned several pairs of Adidas Sambas but this is my first Puma comparable sneaker. I knew to order on the large side since these fit tight.After a day and a half of wearing they are like a comfortable glove.  Soft, light, and easy to lace and put on.  I like the feel and look.
B0058XE0GY I like Puma This sneaker is fantastic, but sometimes is takes my socks out of my foot. It's looks nice, doesn't smells at all, easy to clean it up.
B0058XE0GY I approve this message If you like Adidas Sambas, you'll like these.  Same feel, same fit, almost identical soles.  Unlike the Samba, there's no suede toe, so they are easier to clean and maintain.  They seem very well made and durable.  My only complaint is the laces - they are thin and delicate - but laces are cheap and easy to change.
B0058XE0GY Sole came off after less than 10 games The shoes are comfortable and fit well. I could tell that they were cheaply made but they seemed like they would work for a casual player like myself. After about 10 games the whole sole came off the right shoe from the heal to the very tip of the toe. I have read a couple similar reviews. I would avoid purchasing these shoes.
B0058XE0GY puma Excellent choice i made when i decided to buy not 1 but 2 pairs of these sneaks; they wear very well and the best thing about them is thatthey are so light and airy; feels like i'm walking on clouds. i need a blue pair now.
B0058XE0GY Comfy and very bright! I bought these for a Pikachu costume (I'm female), and they were perfect!  I wear a men's 6.5/women's 7.5, but these fit fine.  I walked all around WeHo for Halloween in them, and I like them so much that I wear them casually as well.
B0058XE0GY very comfortable BUT, the sole is extremely slippery in the wet weather and the sole is very thin. I can feel the ground. not much support. Perfect.
B0058XE0GY Nice shoe My son loves puma and these were no exception. Size was accurate. He really liked the navy to wear with jeans.
B0058XE334 great grandson got for a Christmas gift and really likes them hope he does  not wear them out any time sooon
B0058XE334 the best love it &#8230;.
B0058XE334 Puma comfort These sneaks are Well made and comfortable. I have been a fan of puma for decades. Guaranteed to please. Hands down an Excellent choice.
B0058XE334 cool the shoes are some of the best i have worn. very fashionable. my friends like then more then i do
B0058XE334 Twice as Nice Yep it is nice and cool. it fits with any type of jeans.. I am enjoying it. Hopefully i can rock it during winter
B0058XEE88 Just A Little Snug Wanted to wait until my daughter broke them in before giving a review...Overall a good buy and would recommend to another customer...
B0058XEE88 fantastic!! Love my spikes!!! Sooo comfortable and the spikes are sharp and ready for any track meet thank you so much!!!!
B0058XEE88 Great product. great product
B0058XEE88 Great shoes Fits perfectly. Easy to change cleats. Bought for daughter and she loves them. I would recommend for track and field events.
B0058XEE88 feedback Fits perfect  they are just fine with me thanks for my shoes they are swell I like them very much
B0058XELXG They're alright These shoes were inexpensive, and that's why I bought them. They aren't all that comfortable, though. There isn't very much padding, and they kind of hurt my feet sometimes. They do look nice, so that's a plus. I wouldn't suggest paying much over $30 for these.
B0058XELXG Throwback...in a good way :D My husband is quite modern but still likes some throwback things. These kicks are the closet thing to old school next to clam shell Adidas and Run DMC. Now to only find blue Puma Clydes.....
B0058XELXG The perfect gift! I took these to a family member in El Salvador and he loved them so much! He said they were perfect for any occasion! Fast delivery too!
B0058XELXG Nice Product The sneakers look and feel great. They are obviously a dress sneaker and their low profile look gives them a nice touch with a good pair of jeans and a button down shirt. The delivery was on time and nothing was wrong the way it was shipped.
B0058XELXG Amazon warehouse deals are legit Got my kicks, super good deal. Fit good and they are about half the price as normal retail. Even forgot my workout shoes and busted out a crossfit workout in these.
B0058XF1KI Very, very good. Nice sneaker, very good for the price, however not much recomended for very long walks. The presentation es good also.
B0058XF1V2 Sneaker with Velcro Would have liked the velcro closure tab to be a bit longer.  Currently it barely manages to close.  Otherwise it is a nice looking shoe & comfortable.
B0058XF1V2 Very comfortable and light shoes My only complaint is that the closures are a little too short and I have to over tight a little bit.The shoes are very well made and good looking and exceptionally light (makes you feel as barefooted).Recommended
B0058XF1V2 awesome this shoe is awesome. I use them for weight training and they worked better than excepted. I would highly recommend them.
B0058XF1V2 Nice Lightweight Sneakers for the Fitness Center I love the design of these, comfortable new nears. They are very light weight as desired and has only a single Velcro strap on each shoe with no laces. Easy to use.
B0058XF1V2 Great for kung fu and karate. These shows are perfect for kung fu and karate (and probably any other indoor gym sports). Fit perfectly. Very Flexible sole.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes! These are my introduction to puma and what a great introduction it is. I love these puma's. They are super comfortable to workout in and don't bad for casual wear.
B0058XF1V2 Five Stars Excellent!!!
B0058XF1V2 Puma Slippers These are more like slippers rather than tennis shoes.  Not much to them.  No arch support, and not much of a sole.  They are fairly nice looking, simulated leather, but very light weight.  Not sure about wearing them outside, I think you would feel every stone.  And if it's wet out, the soles are so thin, I think you'll have wet socks.
B0058XF1V2 Awesome! Light weight and comfortable. Love the color, perfect fit. Simply an awesome buy. Puma rocks and I give it a double thumbs up!
B0058XF1V2 Pretty damn good Its very stylish, slightly too tight at the toes, but not enough to switch to the next size. Cannot be used continuously day after day, because it doesn't allow any ventilation inside. Surprisingly enough, it works admirably in the snow.
B0058XF1V2 Excellent driving shoes I checked this out at a local shoe discount store, and then Amazon, and Amazon was $15 less!  These are very comfortable driving shoes, I use them for track days.  The sole is very thin, perfect to feel what is going on with the throttle and brakes, you get great communication, anything less would be just driving with socks.  A great surprise is how soft they are, which allows for ease of bending and more of that communication between feet and pedals on the car.  They are not designed for other things as they have very little cushion.  The only wish I have is they made them from soft leather or canvas.  But can't beat the price for man-made materials.Being Pumas, they run on the smaller and narrower side, just as expected, order the next size up and should be fine unless you regularly use EE shoes, then these won't fit.
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable and compact. I was completely thrown off by how small these shoes looked. I got scared that I'd have to return them, but they're actually really comfortable. It's like wearing socks, except when you run or walk they kind of give you an extra spring.
B0058XF1V2 Purchased for my son My son hates shopping, I purchased these for him. He loves them. They were a little large; however, he is constantly growing.
B0058XF1V2 Four Stars It was awesome
B0058XF1V2 Almost like dress sneakers Fits snuggly, but comfortably.  Very stylish appearance.  Light weight, but heel and ball of foot padded enough to make walking enjoyable.  Will only use for walking; would not advise using for any kind of performance sports.
B0058XF1V2 HE SAYS ITS VERY COMFORTABLE AND FITS GREAT PLEASE CONSIDER PROVIDING IT IN A ... I PICKED THIS SNEAKER OUT FOR MY HUBBY, AND HE LOVES IT, HE SAYS ITS VERY COMFORTABLE AND FITS GREATPLEASE CONSIDER PROVIDING IT IN A NAVY BLUE SIZE 13 ALSO.
B0058XF1V2 Totally love these! They look a bit, umm, &#34;different&#34; but the fit is incredibly comfortable.  Instead of &#34;different&#34; I'm just going to make that &#34;too cool&#34; instead :-)I like them so much, I bought a white pair, too!
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes that don't tie Got these for my brother because he needed new shoes that didn't tie and he loves them. Wish there were more cute shoes like these.
B0058XF1V2 My Favorite Shoes The go well with my Jeans even at work.. I love their look and feel. Just order half size bigger than your usual as these are tighter than normal
B0058XF1V2 Slick and they are green I like  to save the good, new shoes for non everyday social functions. These are perfect for me as they are a bit different than the ordinary shoe yet not overly obvious. They have a casual dress persona and are extremely light and comfortable. I like the idea that they are made from green materials but will wait and see how they hold up. The construction seems well made.
B0058XF1V2 Love the styling, not as comfortable as I expected I wanted a Puma shoe I could wear everyday - even to work. Fits terrific - I normally wear a 12, so I bought a 13 (read reviews prior to purchase). The only thing is: they're not as comfortable as I would like, and kinda cheap on the materials. Otherwise, an overall good buy.
B0058XF1V2 TNT There look nice except for the smaller but otherwise they perfect to wear and run and the material is owesome
B0058XF1V2 Redon These puma men's redon are great. Atheletic but yet casually dressy. I wear them to go out at night in NYC with a nice pair of jean. They are slick!
B0058XF1V2 Much too skinny for a normal foot This shoe is cut much too skinny for what I'd call a normal width foot.  I don't have to buy other shoes in a wide width and usually have no problems with shoes fitting width wise.These are just too skinny.  The Velcro closure will not stay fastened, even without socks.
B0058XF1V2 Worth It I ordered for my father in law as a gift. He was happy to have the shoes. He got attention from his couple of friends for the shoes. It is nice built,, comfortable..
B0058XF1V2 extreemly happy the product was shipped promptly and it arrived on time .the product was as advertised .very happy with my purchase
B0058XF1V2 Los Amo!! demasiado buenos, bonitos!!! y economicos... me gustan muchisimos!! . . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XF1V2 Less of a sole than others but feels good You may lose an inch in height wearing these as they have less of a sole than others have, making them feel almost like ballet slippers must feel, but it feels good once you get used to it. There is little cushioning in the sole so they are mainly for casual wear and probably not good for running etc.
B0058XF1V2 Excellent That's What I Want, I'm glad with that buy, Awesome and Genuine, I like how they looks and the Feeling, light weight and Comfortable
B0058XF60I Not pleased I put a lot of training on these, very fast paced "Fartlek" runs and never did like the way they seem to land hard and flat.Most noticeably after about 7 miles you begin to notice a lack of support mid pad and it can be severe.Compared to my Asics, Brooks or Adidas these do not rank very well.
B0058XF60I Very comfortable, love the look, but squeaky Due to winter I haven't gotten the chance to work them hard, but they fit well and are comfortable while supportive. They squeak a bit when I walk which I hope will fade with more use.
B0058XF60I very good for walking I'm popular corridor of 21 km to buy them for use with jeans or relax on Sundays after the truth of Training soo the once ran for 10 miles and was on asphalt responding to my taste good stable insurance comfortable cushioning and last a fair look good
B0058XF6JY love em nice and lightweight shoes...super comfy and fairly durable...worn to work every day as a bartender has lasted them about 6 months
B0058XF6Q2 I like this shoes this sneakers are really nice, im really happy with them. I dont have a negative opinion. Puma never disappoint me.
B0058XF6Q2 Hard to find shoes for my picky kid who hates anything with a sole. My son is impossible to shop for, apparently these shoes are out of style because we can't find them anywhere else. Thank you Amazon for allowing me to finally throw away the nearly two year old sneakers of my teenage son.Received them quickly, he says they are comfortable from day 1.Soles were a little hard, but he thinks they will soften up.
B0058XF6Q2 Slip on Slip Off Easy to wear and take off shoes for every day practical uses. Tight at first, needs breaking into. Comes with a cool little puma travel bag for the shoes as well.
B0058XF6Q2 Not speed cats I have been wearing Puma shoes for years now, and have always really liked the speed cat models. I was a little irritated to find that it's just about impossible to find them in the size and color that I prefer. The fast cats were the closest model I could find that would suffice. After getting them and wearing them a few days, they aren't quite as comfortable as the speed cats, and feel a little thinner. I do like them though, I guess I'm just stuck in the past! they seem well made, but time will tell.
B0058XF6Q2 great Everyone compliments me on them they look great... a little smaller than I was expecting because I normally wear a 10.5 and they are a little tight I just know for future refernce to order one size bigger with pumas from now on otherwise everything was great the shipping was quick and they were as described thanks
B0058XF6Q2 So sad! I had to return the i didn't see with width on these for my son..although he really likes them but he'll look for other ones.
B0058XF6Q2 solid and comfortable... this sport sneakers are very light and comfortable to wear. Was wearing them also in rainy conditions and they are pretty good also when its wet outside.
B0058XF6Q2 Meh, not the same as previous Fast Cats These are disappointing because I was hoping they'd be similar to my previous fast cats I bought about 5 years ago.  The materials are cheaper and the fit isn't the same.  I've been buying pumas for about 20 years and never had a problem until now.  Good bye for now puma :(
B0058XF6Q2 Super mom This puma men's leather fashion sneaker are comfortables, my husband was suprised went I gave him the sneakers, the color is perfect.
B0058XF6Q2 Stylish, simple, comfortable I've always been a fan of Puma sneakers, and this is pair fits the bill yet again! Very happy to have them in my collection.
B0058XF6Q2 perfect item it said everything on the site. came in package like brand new. came with awesome protection bag for the shoe.
B0058XF6Q2 PUMA....PUMA...PUMA! : ) Such a great shoe! Fits perfectly and they look great as well (As judged by the compliments I get). Was mostly a &#34;Speed Cat&#34; guy.......but these looked too good to pass up. Quicker than the 3-5 selected shipping time, I LIKE THAT! Nice carrying bag is included.....nice touch. Highly recommend, thanks Amazon!
B0058XFAJU Not bad I bought the grey/orange combo.  My main complaint is that my dark denim jeans stained the suede. The orange laces are much more fluorescent in real life, much like hunter orange.  I replaced the laces with some standard black ones and they look much better. They're pretty comfortable and should hold up like any other Puma shoe. These shoes seem to run a half size larger than normal so choose wisely.
B0058XFAMC Too small I wear 11.5. Ordered 11.5 - they were more like 10.5. I did get thePUMA Men's Future Cat M2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneakerthough and it worked fine for me. Had a different Ferrari model before that got worn in two months, but these just look so good... :)
B0058XFAMC Spectacular I love my red pumas, they are super comfortable, they also feel light and on top of that, on fashion la la land!
B0058XFAMC Awesome Sneakers! I am just a &#34;regular guy&#34; meaning I don't really give much thought to my clothes and footwear.  When I buy clothes and shoes I pretty much go right don the middle....,not too fancy and not too dull.  I am not a &#34;shoe guy&#34;.  However, while strolling through the mall with my wife I saw these red Puma Ferrari sneakers in the window and I knew I had to have them.  Went inside, they had my size, they felt great, I bought them and looked way cool.I cannot tell you how many times strangers have asked me &#34;what kind of shoes are they&#34;, &#34;where did you get those shoes&#34;, &#34;I just love your sneakers&#34; etc.  I've had these sneakers about a year and I bet 40-50 people have commented positively about them.  In 60 years of wearing shoes I cannot recall anybody saying anything about my footwear.  It's kind of weird but I like it.
B0058XFAMC Five Stars Very Good
B0058XFAOK GREAT PRICE !!!!!!!!  TEEN SON LOVES THEM !!!!!!!!!! He's gotten a lot of compliments on them. I brought them for his comfort.Shoelace FREE !!!!!!  Hip colors too!
B0058XFAOK Quite Comfortable I am quite satisfied with this product and would recommend it to other customers. It is easy to put on and off and is quite comfortable to wear. The color and style are also great.
B0058XFC7U Loving them So far so good. Got these for my ankles because I read they were good. The price was amazing and I couldn't pass them up. They do feel a little off at times, but so far my ankles have been feeling better when I run.
B0058XFHKC Awesome kicks. I've always incorporated casual sneakers into my daily routine, and these Pumas are perfect.  They fit well right out of the box and feel even better after you break them in.  Some of the most comfortable shoes I've had.  They're relatively easy to keep clean and they  look pretty fresh with almost anything, as it's style is pretty timeless.
B0058XFJTQ asquali I stand all day long for my job. I am up and down stairs, working with people in a health care setting. Due to my job it is important that I am comfortable and able to move with ease. These are some of the best shoes I have ever worn for work. They are extremely comfortable and well made.
B0058XFJTQ Love puma very comfortable if you stand on your feet all day, light weight too. I love these shoes! Great for everyday wear
B0058XFJTQ Runs wide They seem to run a little wider than most other Puma's.  I double my socks and its ok, but if I forget to double them or wear thicker socks they slip on my feet.
B0058XFP4A Lovely product love it.. great stuff. Can i have a free shoe or an interesting discount on my next purchase . thanks again
B0058XFP4A "Black Fancy Shoes" I had to buy a completely black shoe to comply with the dress code at my son's school.  He is very uncomfortable in &#34;Sunday&#34; shoes and they mark him as &#34;incomplete&#34; in gym because he is not wearing sneakers.  Then there is style...and al list goes on.  So I needed to buy a sneaker, in fashion, comfortable, all black  and must satisfy a &#34;tweener&#34; ;and a very strict school dress code. Although these sneaker have grey reflectors, and the puma is also grey it still satisfies the school.  My son loves that they bring him &#34; nice shoes&#34; from his peers. I was hoping to buy more but they have run out of the sizes he can use. Since my son takes extra care of these shoes I can only assume that they are comfortable. He is happy with his shoes.
B0058XFP4A Great Shoes I bought these for my husband. He loves them! They are comfortable enough for all day wear. An upgrade from Puma Cell which I got him last time.
B0058XFP4A It was a good experience The product got to me on time and it was just as it was described on the net. The parking was also done well.
B0058XFP4A Very nice It is rare for me to purchase shoes online as I always believe when buying shoes you need to see it, touch it, try it etc.I bought this one cause I didnt find it in the stores and it was like a gamble for me, but it turned out a winning hand.It is comfortable though you need to &#34;break it&#34; for some time before you feel it's comfort.Highly recommended
B0058XFP86 i have wide feet But damn do these shoes look good! If only they weren't so slim.. Oh well, they do look fantastic though
B0058XFP86 perfect shoes nice look. Comfortable. well designed. My family were amazed by this shoes and I am recommending it to friends and colleagues.
B0058XFP86 I get fast what I want.. Thanxxx +++ Awe try yip pas DDT hjk lax cvb nm zxc vbn bum qaz was edc rfv tgb yhn umm ik olp
B0058XFP86 Amazing this shoes is amazing and confotable, reached within the stipulated time, no problem, all fine, it is as such as product description
B0058XFP86 Comfortable..... Comfortable, good looking, nice colours. It is worth the purchase. I bought this for my cardio workouts and casual day outs.
B0058XFP86 Comfortable and super light weight Very light weight and comfy.just takes the shape of your leg and fits nicely.Completely flexible and bends like charm.
B0058XFP86 Very comfortable after break in period. I generally wear a 10.5, and bought these in an 11 as Pumas seem to generally run a little tight for me. Initially I thought they were too narrow in the sole and too tight across top of my foot. After deciding to give them a couple days of break in, I absolutely love them. They are my most comfortable shoes. I work in real estate and generally dress casual, and love these with jeans and a polo. They also are very quick on and off, which is great going from house to house. I couldn't be happier.
B0058XFP86 Comfy I love these shoes, so lightweight and comfortable! The style and colors are great too! I was at the gym and this guy couldn't stop staring at them.
B0058XFP86 nice shoes Fits nice and its beautifull, i will love runing with this shoes, ill commend again when i see its durability
B0058XFP86 Very Good I know It's hard to buy snickers over the internet but I got really luck! It fits perfect. It was my first time buying Puma tennis at all and I'm glad.
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's Osu NM Bought these for their looks- and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable and lightweight they were. I have since purchased8 pairs! I use them at work at the hospital - they go great with my scrubs and also are great for walking the dog- esp in the early AM when i am too lazy to tie shoes.They are becoming my version of the "today sponge" from Seineld- -hopefully they won't go extinct!Nice assortment of colors to choose from.
B0058XFP86 Laces are for chumps. These are very comfortable and great for going to the gym. Because they have no laces you can pop in and out of them easily.
B0058XFP86 Awesome! Purchased these shoes for my 12 year old. He loves them. Says they are extremely comfortable. They are super unique looking too. Puma did a great job with these.
B0058XFP86 The best sneakers I ever purchased from PUMA They are comfortable and easy to wear, and very light. I would recommend these sneakers to everyone who doesn't like shoe laces.
B0058XFP86 Five Stars &#1605;&#1585;&#1610;&#1581; &#1608;&#1580;&#1605;&#1610;&#1604;
B0058XFP86 Comfy to the maxxxxxxxxx These bad boys are super comfy! They must LOOK super comfy too because that's what everyone keeps saying when they see them. Yup.
B0058XFP86 Good looking and well priced, but lack proper support for sports I bought these from Amazon at $49.99 and it was a good deal. These shoes are good looking and very comfortable for wearing for long periods of time. They are very soft and flexible. I use them everyday at the gym, only for weightlifting and a little cardio afterwards. However, I tried to play tennis once and found that the shoes lack proper support. Any other running shoe would have been better for sports but the material on this model is just too soft (which make them very comfortable for regular use).
B0058XFP86 zdr very good  alike this shoes strahotni  vzemaite bez da se zamislqte prosto  super qki xa xaa xa xa xaxa  xa
B0058XFP86 I liked this product I liked this product because it is very comfortable and cheap compared to other brands. It is of good material and durable
B0058XFP86 Fits very well But needs 0.5 size above. Very nice style. There isn't this model in Brazil, so I'm very happy with this Puma.
B0058XFP86 Work Kicks Been buying Puma slip on running shoes for years but have been change styles getting narrower so changed it up these are so comfortable easier to clean then I thought using in a kitchen good grip very happy with them !
B0058XFP86 Fits great It looks good, the colors are bright and it feels really soft. I would recommend it to any teenager. Washable
B0058XFP86 Puma The most perfect fitting and light weight sneakers EVER!!!!!!!!!I absolutely love these sneakers, they totally remind me of being a kid
B0058XFP86 It's what I expected Looks : 10/10Manufacturing : 8/10Comfort : 10/10Is a good choise for use in the gym ... Thanks
B0058XFP86 They are very light and extremely comfortable. I hope Puma keeps making them I ordered these because my brother buys them because of a foot injury.  They are very light and extremely comfortable.  I hope Puma keeps making them.
B0058XFP86 Great Comfy shoes I usually wear a 10 and the 10 fits greatSuper comfy, great for walking all dayLooks as weird and cool in person as I had hoped!
B0058XFP86 Shoes Look Great When the shoes arrived they looked great and was a surprise for Christmas. They arrived on time and proved to be a hit.Couldn't be happier
B0058XFP86 COMFORTABLE REALLY COMFORTABLE NEAT THE BEST PRICE . GREATGREATGREAT  ............................... ...... THUMBS UP . . . . . . , .
B0058XFP86 Cool shoes. I love them, I get a lot of compliments on them. They stand out because of the unique design. Easy to slip on, if you dont know how to tie your shoes (i do but...).
B0058XFP86 Great but... This is a great product in design and feel, but my issues are the sizing. I already followed the advice of most of the reviews to get a half size higher, and it still felt too tight.
B0058XFP86 perfect deal Very nice and practical, it is my third pair of the same model, and I don't want to change them
B0058XFP86 my husband love it its the second time i ordered cuz my husband just loved it, he said are very comfortable and the design is just for him.
B0058XFP86 EXCELENT My boyfriend loves this shoes and he always use them. They are comfortable and beautiful! They also arrived earlier than expected!
B0058XFP86 The best shoe in market These are he best available shoes for running / daily activity / extremely comfortable.You can't go wrong with these..
B0058XFP86 Dependable Pumas Comfortable, flexible and durable. As far as an everyday shoe goes, this has been an delightful surprise. The mesh lining is normally a problem for most shoes, however, since the mesh is on the inside and tucked away from the overlaid straps, the mesh hasn't been a real problem.
B0058XFP86 Good guality Received on time and I'm very happy with product. . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XFP86 Good shoes All is good.What else can I say? I paid for it and it arrived when and how I expected. Good.
B0058XFP86 Style Over Substance Awesome looking style but a bit thin in sole support especially if you are using it for exercise.  I can see this shoe being surely torn in a couple of months after steady use.
B0058XFP86 Very comfortable! Bought this as a gift for dad and shipped it directly to him!  Overall impression,the style is for women, but he,ll get use to the new fashion.  Same as other comments I will confirm that they are narrow and have a snug fit upon putting them on.  He wears a size 10.5 and I boughht 11 following other reviews and was right on the money.  He says its a bit of a hassle to put on but once they are on, they are super comfortable.  Happy with purchase.  Dad used to be an athlete and now just exercises, he says these should be good for sports, any age and should offer some back support too.
B0058XFP86 Nice tennis I bought this for my brother and he really like this product, they are comfortable, good locking and light! I definitely recommended
B0058XFP86 beloved gift this bought for someone else and they can't stop talking about it. it fit well and looked great. was also told it was comfortable.
B0058XFP86 excellent, very comfortable I chose this rating because they are comfortable, soft and weigh nothing ...I liked the design, softness, and texture.With pleasure I recommend it to people who Desen walking for a long time
B0058XFPLS Great product Wonderful product, great price, fast processing. Highly recommend as a casual sneaker. Good design, comfortable fit, keeps others jealous and constantly asking where i got them.
B0058XFPLS great shoes Great shoes they came in faster than i thought very breathable comfortable and light weight and on the plus side there not bulky like some puma shoes the only con is that they get scuffed up easy
B0058XFPLS Excellent Sneaker This is an outstanding sneaker.  For years I've liked both Puma and Fila sneakers.  My last 3 pairs of Filas seemed to wear out (sole) unusually fast...so I decided to try Puma again.  Good move.  These sneakers look good, are well constructed and, at the point where my last pair of Filas would be showing extreme wear, these sneakers are still in great shape with no signs of quitting.As with most Puma, they run a little small - so, for example, if you usually wear an 11, you might want to order a half or whole size larger in Puma.The construction is solid, fit is very comfortable.  I do not hesitate to recommend Puma.Vendor delivered on time and product arrived in good condition.
B0058XFPLS Nice! Comfortable, stylish and fashionable they are suitable tor casual dress and just a blue jean night out. I will get a lot of use out of these
B0058XFPLS Good Stuff! As advertised. I'm pretty picky when it comes to shoes. I am very happy with my purchase. Very nice shoes.
B0058XFPLS VERY comfortable shoes!!! Love these shoes. Like walking bare footed. Super clean and super nice! Very comfortable. Thank you very much! Very happy!
B0058XFPLS Great shoe! Look great. Feel great. Run great.Reasonable price, quick delivery. Even nicely packaged.The only thing to improve them is to lower their price.Highly recommend.
B0058XFPLS Christmas Present Got these shoes as a Christmas present for my boyfriend and he loved them. I love them too! Very nice.
B0058XFPLS Comfortable once broken in I didn't like them at first, but once I wore them a few times they started to grow on me.  There's probably a better shoe out there for the price, but these work well for my nursing job.
B0058XFPLS Beatifull Nice to use in workouts or even hang outs, this is discreet and confortable, only problem is that dirty so much. take care.
B0058XFPLS Gift Ordered these as a Christmas Gift for a cousin...she LOVED them! She was so excited to wear them to school!
B0058XFVL2 Five Stars Always loved the brand ,and i love the style!
B0058XFXA6 Comfortable and fashion forward kicks! I have been buying Mostros since Puma created them and consider myself to be a sneaker junkie of all brands. I have some pairs of Mostros over 10 years old! These shoes are durable and comfortable, with an aggressive tread and stylish design. They mold to your feet and the option of having the velcro strap fastened or left open is great. However, these seemed to run larger than usual. They say women's but seem to run larger. For example, I wear at 10 in women's, but had to return these for an 8.5, because they would slide off. Overall, I highly recommend to all!
B0058XFXA6 GOOD STUFF THESE ARE SOME OF THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES EVER DESIGNED.THEY ARE GETTING A LITTLE HARD TO FIND AS WELL. WAS GLAD TO FIND THEM HERE.
B0058XFXA6 Lightweight+comfort This sneakers is very comfortable, easy to put on and to take it off, just unhook the tap to just slip off. For a quick run-out, this Puma Mostro is for you.
B0058XFXA6 Long time wearer of Puma Mostro My current Puma Mostros in ivory leather are about 5 years old.  They have always been comfortable, sturdy, and cute and quick to put on/off. Good in the airport. Unfortunately. my dog chewed the plastic piece that the strap slides through.  I wear a size 7 and my old ones ran small so I was wearing a 7.5.  I ordered the new ones in the steel gray in a 7.5 on sale and this time they were too big.  I went to order the size 7 and they were $50 more, so I ordered the 7 in black which were on sale.  The 7s fit fine, but I did not like how the black and white looked.  So I have to return both and watch to see if the price goes down in the size 7 steel gray.Look at the pictures carefully.  These have the strap that velcros up toward the ankle and the strap has a leather piece on the end.  There is a Puma with a different style strap that seems to come down toward the bottom of the foot.  I don't know how these fit.
B0058XFYDC I have received many compliments on these "old school" sneakers. I have recommended amazon's website to my friends and family. Still satisfied with my purchase. Will be shopping this site more often as it offers many options from style and colors to shipping preference.
B0058XFYDC great sneakers great boots fits my brother and he likes it it matches his new hat so he is happy he got it.
B0058XFYDC puma clydes these pumas are awesome. they are clydes if you want classic look then these are for you fits a little big but man they look great totally recommend
B0058XFYDC Fantastic Great sneaker, fast delivery. Loved everything about this purchase. My son has very large feet at thirteen he wears a mens 14. So stylish sneakers aren't always possible. I was excited to find these and will be shopping for more.
B0058XFYDC Great experience These shoes fit perfect and are very sharp looking.  The whole experience with this item was very satisfactory, thank you!
B0058XFYDC New What? New navy must be some weird term from Puma for black. I think the marketing people over there might be smoking pot and drinking too much. I think this company has a general contempt or arrogance towards potential customers. Their website can be from cutsie belittlement to just insulting. I really wanted to like , no , love these Clydes in white with red and navy blue trim. There's very little about new navy that's blue. Under extremely bright light it shows a hint of blue. Bottom line:New Navy is Old Black. Be fore warned
B0058XFYDC Pumas rock! Pt. 2 Big fan of Walt Frazier and his line of Pumas.  How could you not like this great looking sneaker?  They are very comfortable as are all the &#34;Classic&#34; and &#34;Clyde&#34; models.
B0058XFYDC Make the real thing Looks nice on paper but in reality a cheap and cheesy imitation of the original. Will not buy again and I was happy to find this after looking for my size for years.
B0058XG0H6 'authentic' with obvious glue marks Sold by: StepIntoMyCloset(Shoes Color: Black) Not perfect stitching, minor peeled red line, thought was [ white shoe-body line ] in picture but is [ grey body line ] in reality. Edge of [Puma words-the Triangle like rubber] on shoes was not clean cut. Thank you though, fast shipping, and good customer service. I am returning them, thank you.*HoweverSold by: Amazon LLC, (Shoes Color: White) They were perfect!!! Clean stitching, perfect red line on body, same grey body line, Edge of [Puma words-the Triangle like rubber] on shoes was perfect. Thank you.
B0058XG1CA Defected from manufacturer I love this brand but the slippers had a manufacturer defect - a piece of the foam came off along with the portion that holds your feet in place.
B0058XG1CA puma epic sandals I like feel the  of these shoes they are very comfortable. Love the way it looks on me. I'm happy i purchase this item.
B0058XG1CA 7 Pairs and counting! I love Puma products in general but these sandals (flip flops) are the best.  Good quality construction and incredibly comfortable.  The base of the sandal is thick enough to be comfortable for all day walking and the fabric strap is great.  It doesn't rub or irritate the top of my foot at all.I have purchased multiple pairs in the same colors in case they stop making them...that's how much I love them.
B0058XG1CA . The nylon is ok, and attached ok to the sandal but the actual sandal is thin, approximately 1/2 inch. No support, flimsy sandal, tread is made from the same flimsy material. Definitely not worth the price.
B0058XG1CA PUMA Epic Sandles Nice for the beach, park, BBQ, pool, or just hanging around the house.  Feels Like you walking on a cloud.
B0058XG1CA Confused I dont usually write reviewes but I had to if only to offset the review written by the person below.  I have NO idea what they are even saying in their review but I've been wearing Puma flip flops for years! This may be the only company that makes flip flops with material rather than all rubber, making them sooooo much more comfortable and soooo much more fashionable. I just got a pair of these a few days ago and I love them! Please ignore the negative review as it is clear that person is confused and seems to be reviewing a different product! These flip flops rock!!
B0058XG1CA the best sandal I love this product each day after my work and it feels good to my feel and easy to use as well.
B0058XG1CA very comfortable These slippers are curved around the edges a little, which makes them very comfortable.  The piece that goes between the toes is very comfortable too.also looks like it's made well, i love it.
B0058XG1CA awesome flippy floppys the green on these sandals pops even to this day and ive had them almost a year.  great comfy flip flops
B0058XG1CA Eh, they are ok The thong part is thin and I wasn't expecting that. Other than that, it is a basic sandal that gets the job done.
B0058XG1CA great beach shoes They are pretty comfy and my bf loves them... only complaint is that they can get pretty slippery in the footbed when wey... no grip on top although sole holds down well even when wet. The nylon strap dries easily.
B0058XG1CA Straps too small Based on the picture the straps look to be a reasonable size for a man.  However, upon receiving the item the straps are very thin and lady like.  It fits reallly nice and comfortable.  I just dislike the straps for being very thin.
B0058XG7RO Looks nice, feels okay only On the foot, it looks very nice. Comfort-wise, the tongues stick into your ankles (at least mine) but otherwise the shoe is fairly comfortable to wallk in. I have felt more comfortable walking shoes but this one looks more stylish than the more comfortable ones I have tried.
B0058XG7RO One elegant shoes Its unique design elegant and a little sport I loved these shoes, comfort is optimal, 100% original. its packaging is ecological, I congratulate the company PUMA .. the order came immediately.
B0058XGDWS Classy sporty & classyits a great substutute for vansother than thatonce its dirty it will be a little hard to clean and i had to change the laces b/c they're a little to bigedit: 6 months and still going strong!
B0058XGI5A just what  i wanted i would recommend  this product for anyone. i love it.  it fit so  perfect. I would want another  pattern of  this puma product.
B0058XGI5A Very good I got these for my husband he likes them a lot he just said that they are really thin. But he loves them.
B0058XGI5A great product arrived ahead of scheduled, packaged well, looks great and feels great. perfect fit...  would purchase more of the same or similar as needed and when needed.
B0058XGI5A Love em! These are easily the best Pumas I have purchased and I'm a Puma fanatic. They are comfortable, as always, and of course look amazing!
B0058XGI5A good shoes Not real complaint with these shoes. I gave it a 4 because the syle just doesn't have that pop effect.
B0058XGI5A Nice The shoe came on time in a nice box.Very comportable and light. I will defenitely recommend this product and thinking getting another one.
B0058XGI5A Nice! I thought these looked cool, and found them for a good deal. They got here quickly and are just what i was expecting!
B0058XGI5A I couldn't resist to the design i don't know who I'll offer this wonderful shoes to, but this shoes looks even better than on the screen. Also, its very light and you can barely feel it.
B0058XGI5A Great and fashionist This Puma is very confortable and fashionist... I happy with this buy and I recomended to any young people, I Love it
B0058XGI5A Attractive shoes, long laces that come untied I bought these for my fiance and he wears them nearly every day. He typically wears a size 9 M and he always gets a 9.5 in puma.  The laces are absurdly long and come untied constantly. If we are walking around town at least one shoe will come untied about once per mile. He also mentioned that the inserts are a little more built up than previous puma's he's had. Nevertheless, they are attractive and I'm sure you could change the laces.
B0058XGI5A Gift My brother and law enjoyed the shoes. He was amazed how well they fit. He wore them everyday. He couldn't be more thankful!
B0058XGI5A Happy Husband These were a b'day present for my husband. He wore his other Puma's out! He loves these! And the price was better than I could find anywhere else. They squeaked when he walked for a few months, but he didn't care.
B0058XGI5A great, it's that I needed. it's really good and has a low cost.I think about this sneakers are very confortable and very cool, I like it.
B0058XGI5A in one of the sides, one of the puma shoes is faulty in drawing silhouette. a spot of paint. in one of the sides, one of the puma shoes is faulty in drawing silhouette. a spot of paint. I wish I did not have it but then everything else is fine.
B0058XGI5A perfectos excellent shoes charm by 100%, are super comfortable for any use you want to give, and I'ma fan of puma
B0058XGI5A Very good, beautiful!!!!". Puma Drift Cat 4 Fashion Sneaker,Chocolate Brown/Plaza Taupe excelent quality recommended, at the right time was sent!very good, beautiful! I really liked the product.
B0058XGI5A I love it This was a gift for my husband birthday and he loves it. Puma is his favorites brand.Iwill in future and I would recommend other people to buy it.
B0058XGI5A go puma my husband only wears drift cats. these were a great price and they came to the house in no time flat!
B0058XGI5A good price but is not the same size when I place my ordermay be in future I can try it one more time
B0058XGI5A thanks exellente product and execellent price excelen product, original... very nice.... product and packet, time is execel.... an material is original thanks...very nice product... . ..  waoooo. confortable i liked
B0058XGI5A Women's sneakers The description says men's, but these are all lady. Great looking, but the imprint of the sole is easily a woman's only. Believe the other reviews fellas.
B0058XGI5A Perfect for Everyday use Shoes fit perfectly. I was fortunate to have a pair of shoes with American size and I was able to get the perfect for me.Great with jeans for everyday work.
B0058XGLKC very nice The shoes is very nice. I bought this shoes for my workout everyday. It is light and comfortable. Love it
B0058XGLKC Comfortable and stable Puma 7.5's are about the equivalent of Nike and Merrell 7.0, so you may wish to increase your typical size by 1/2. These cross-training shoes are comfortable, with nice ankle cushioning and a slightly wide base for good stability. They're well aerated so are best for summer use in dry conditions. The distance from sole to tongue is slightly less than I've found from comparable shoes of other manufacturers so it fits tightly on the foot in that dimension. I found it best to use thin socks with these rather form-fitting shoes as a result. The laces hold a tie well and don't loosen over the course of the day. I tend to prefer shoes that I can wear to work without having to change, so the black/red pattern is less than ideal. However, for running in traffic, the visibility is high with the bright red portions of the shoe, so you may find that point an attraction. Overall, I find these shoes comfortable and appropriate for their intended purpose.
B0058XGLKC Comfortable and supportive These shoes are good for working out while at the gym. They fit snugly and the insoles can come out and be replaced with ones that have more support if you need them. They are very light. Uppers are made of some sort of mesh so your feet might not get as sweaty. They also seem to get people's attention.another plus is the packaging - it has paper and cardboard that can be recycled and also a re-usable bag instead of the the usual painted paper.
B0058XGLKC Very light I like this shoes, are very light and comfortable. I run every day, and since I use these shoes I didn't feel a muscle pain (Tibialis anterior), dissapeared. I recommend this product without any doubt.
B0058XGLKC pumagility Most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time.  They are great!I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for something stylish and comfortable.
B0058XGLKC Puma is above amazing I love puma and my husband does as well. We Havnt been unsatisfied yet. As a nurse, puma is the only thing that keeps me on my feet for 12 hours.
B0058XGLKC Great all the way around Good fit, lightweight, perfect for my workouts at the fitness center. I like Puma! Plus, it comes with a &#34;clever little bag&#34; for carrying the shoes!
B0058XGLKC Super comfortable I love my Puma's and when I saw these for $40 cheaper than the website (this particular color) I had to have them.  Super comfortable, and oddly, I don't see they as being really all that stylish compared to my other pairs of shoes by Puma, but I always get compliments on them from other people.
B0058XGLKC Puma Men' Pumagility Cross Trainer I just received them and tried them on.  They are super comfortable. I am using them on days that I weight train.  No problems yet and I am thinking of picking up a couple more with different colors. I have about 7 pairs of Puma's.  I am flat footed and have no problem with support. I love Puma's forward fashion design and the overall construction of the shoe. These are sharp.  This was the first time I purchased these Puma's on Amazon. They were delivered quickly and no problems.
B0058XGLKC Wow! Comfortable to run in.  An advancement in stability on the road, uphill and down, fresh or on your last mile. I tend to pronate, but not in these comfortable shoes.  There's something about them that makes me more stable--indeed, they make me a better runner.  Since I've had them, I've been more motivated to go out on the road, again and again.  It may be part my imagination, but it seems to me I return less tired, stepping a bit more correctly than before.I'm going to order another pair.  All I want is more of the same.
B0058XGUJ4 love my puma voltaic i bought this sneaker purely for fashion(looks), it looks great and i love how it feels, very comfortable while walking.
B0058XGWOC love them They are so comfortable love how they slip on an slip off was a lil worried about the size but they do run big
B0058XGWOC Nice Shoes Beautiful shoes!! My sister love it!! It was a wonderful gift on this holidays days!! My sister told me that it is very comfortable.
B0058XGWOC A little snug I purchased this shoe because it is simple and quite pretty. I got it and was so excited. When I tried it on, my foot wouldn't go through. I had to make a snip in it so that my foot would fit, but the snip is hidden by the rubber strap. Beside it being snug, I love them and they are comfortable.
B0058XGWOC Puma Heaven Have worn these great shoes before so I knew how wonderful they were.  They were so reasonable in price I could not pass these up.  They arrived before I knew it and I have been wearing ever since.  They are so comfortable. Thank you.  I wear them with pride
B0058XGZ8A These shoes are REALLY REALLY comfortable!!! These are really comfortable and are still in good condition after a whole year of cross country and will still be good for next season. The only bad thing about these are the plastic spikes in the middle are gone now from running on rocks but still have good traction!! I would recommend these shoes to any cross country runner!!!!!
B0058XGZ8A Love them! My son really likes, he wanted them to be a little bigger to be able to use them longer. :)
B0058XGZ8A recomendacion Muy buen zapato comodo y muy seguro recomiendo altamente y compren seguro mejor porecio no van a conseguir atentamente yo
B0058XGZ94 Carlos Javier excellent product, the purchase was a success and attention via email very good. excellent product, the purchase was a success and attention via email very good.
B0058XGZL2 Really comfortable and incredibly lightweight. EDIT : One of the sandals fell apart after somewhat heavy use through May~September.ORIGINAL:Exactly looks like it's described. Puma is my favorite brand and flip flops are my favorite summer shoe. These are really comfortable and are incredibly lightweight.
B0058XGZL2 Not worth the $35 I paid. Its a decent flip flop but not worth the $35 I paid for them. A good and fair price would of been $20.
B0058XH1F6 Perfect Sandal! I normally wear a 8 but I ordered a bit bigger just in case which worked out perfectly. Sandals are lightweight and study. Love them!
B0058XH1F6 Practical Wore these floating down the river and they stayed on the entire time! Comfortable and practical, as well as well priced.
B0058XH1F6 Comfortable I bought these to wear to work and they were nice, but they didnt last more than three months, the colour started to fade, but all in all it was a good buy.
B0058XH1F6 Cute and Comfy I was looking for a sandal that had a back strap but was still casual. These are perfect. The footbed is not white, but gray which I actually liked.
B0058XH4L2 Like a house slipper Unless I had really tiny feet, I wouldn't wear these outdoors. And even then, not sure they would be that great.I was tired of replacing my cheap house slippers (that had cloth or faux suede soles) every 5-6 weeks. So I found these cute Pumas with the flexible rubber soles. They are, indeed, cute. Cute splash of pink on the black ones that I ordered. I have NO idea what the strap is for, except to give Puma the ability to add their name. The strap itself doesn't adjust the fit in any way.One of shoes is tighter across the top of my foot, so I am hoping it will relax and fit better as I wear it.Overall, they are light, flexible and mostly comfortable. I will wear indoors most of the time. Anything that requires outdoor walking, I will wear my real sneakers.Shipping was quick, so that was a plus.
B0058XH4L2 super comfy So I bought these to wear to a bachelorette party night out.  Granted they are a bit more on the casual side, but the felt fabulous all night on my feet!  I mean FABULOUS.  I could wear these all day and night.  I have only worn them a couple times, so I can't speak to durability or wear and tear.  They do feel well made and were VERY cute with the juxtaposition of color.
B0058XH4L2 great shoe These are amazing and very comfortable. Hope to get the in more colors especially the ashes of roses. Wish more were on prime.
B0058XH4L2 Comfortable shoes that can be worn casually also! Don't mistake these for total athletic slippers, darling enough to wear with just about anything. I wear them with everything. Much more comfortable then a pair of hard bottoms usually found on lots of flats. Well worth the money I spent on them.
B0058XH4L2 Love these shoes I have several pairs of these shoes in various colors.  I love them and wear them often.  They are comfortable and easy to slip on and off.  I highly recommend them.
B0058XH4L2 The perfect flats! I've been looking forever for comfy black flats with traction that I can wear to work. I'm a teacher and I'm on my feet all day. I went up a half size from my usual, and they fit perfectly.
B0058XH4L2 Sporty, but cute They fit perfectly, and since they're black, I generally wear them to work and no one notices that they're not dress flats.....my little secret!
B0058XH4L2 Stretchy and Comfortable I have problem feet and these shoes are perfect for me.  They can be worn casual or dressy.If you have bunions these will work out for you.  True to size.
B0058XH4L2 PUMA Zandy Mesh Ballet Slippers ROCK! Not only was my order delivered in two days, the packaging was great, and the shoes are sporty looking, fit perfect, and are so comfortable I do not need to wear them in at all. The color, Ashes of Roses, is not available at any department stores in my area, and they are at least forty dollars more at the mall. This purchase was excellent in all categories, and I hope to purchase more styles from PUMA on Amazon again. Anyone wanting a super cool look, with comfort included should buy a few pairs of these!
B0058XH4L2 Not as comfortable as I had hoped Cute, lightweight, but they didn't work for my sensitive feet.  Just the tiniest bit short - so rather than trying to break them in - I returned them.
B0058XH4L2 Go-to flat for casual wear. I wear a size 6 and have a wide foot which can cause fitting problems.  The Puma Zandy flat in black patent (with a pink logo) fits well.  While a little tight initially across the instep, on my second time wearing them I ended up on an impromptu three hour hike in the Tucson desert with a girlfriend.  No problemo!Comfortable, stylish and a great little flat for straight leg/ankle/cropped jeans.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect casual black flat True to size, durable and well madeLook good with pants and shortsCasual shoeGood value for the money
B0058XH4L2 Perfect shoes in my book Most comfortable shoes I found I wear them all the time, so glad you carry the Pumas, I own couple pairs, will surely buymore in the future
B0058XH4L2 Cute and comfy flats These are cute,  comfortable shoes. They run a bit on the small side, more because they are a bit narrow. I wear a 7.5 in most flats,  but I ordered an 8 in these, and the 8 fits well. The colors on the shoe are great. I got the ones that are gray leather with plum (the company calls it &#34;cabernet&#34;) mesh. They have the right amount of color to add a bit of pop, but not so much that they look silly. There is not a lot of padding in the sole, so I do not know how the comfort will be if you are on your feet all day. I will update once I get to wear them for a full workday. So far, so good, though.
B0058XH4L2 Super comfortable This is the second pair I own (I have deep red ones). They are great for walking in the city. I travel a lot and they are styling enough to be a well-dressed tourist but comfortable enough to walk for hours.
B0058XH4L2 Just what I wanted Great shoe, looks good and is very comfortable. This time I bought 2 pairs because I wore the old ones everyday and wanted to have different colors to choose from. My feet are in heaven.
B0058XH4L2 bought multiple pairs Great office shoes! I walk a lot throughout the office and it is very comfortable throughout the day.  My feet do swell a little bit throughout the day and so I bought 9.0 even though I'm 8.5. Also my feet sweat a lot so I often washed these shoes. They didn't shrink upon washing.  I've gotten lots of compliments on these shoes already.
B0058XH4L2 Wear Good and look Goood! I Love this shoe, I have them in six colors. And I want more.Look good with jean and dress pant.
B0058XH4L2 Puma Slipper Bought these for my lady to wear at work. She's on her feet all day and was complaining how her other 'cute' black flats were killing her feet (of course cuteness comes before comfort). I bought these and she says she loves em.
B0058XH4L2 5 pairs and counting These cute little shoes are perfect for anything you would want to do in them. AND they come in the best colors.
B0058XH4L2 Shoes for Life I have purchased this style in five different colors. Comfortable from day one.  They are excellent for walking long distances but have a much more stylish appearance then sports shoes (which I dislike).Easy to pack for traveling, looks good casual and more dressy slacks.  A winner all around. .
B0058XH4L2 Super CUTE & comfy I read the reviews prior to purchasing and went with the people that mentioned they run 1/2 size small. I ordered 1/2 size up and wore entire day at work and no problem. Super comfy and super cute. My plan was to purchase prior to our DIsneyland trip in Nov and have some cute and comfy tennis shoe like shoes for our trip to see Mickey..
B0058XH4L2 Better than Barefoot These are the most comfortable tennis shoes/ballet slippers EVER!!  I've had, and loved, Puma ballet tennis shoes before, but these are a great improvement on my previous pairs.  I have a slightly wide foot, but I fit my regular size in this style--and they were brilliant right out of the box.  When it comes to these ballet slipper tennis shoes from Puma, it can be really hit-or-miss, but these are a definite hit!
B0058XH4L2 A fun shoe with the comfort of a bedroom slipper ! Love the selection of colors! They are stylish enough to go to the office and comfortable enough for extended walks.
B0058XH4L2 Five Stars I love these Pumas. So comfortable and the colors are such fun.
B0058XH4SA everyone loves these shoes! Very comfy and light.  Have worn them to run a few times but mostly for casual wear.  LOVE THE ORANGE!
B0058XH4SA Fantastic! This and the Evospeed shoes are the best and hottest thing going right now. You better get em for they stop making these models!! And I know what I'm talking about.
B0058XH4SA Bright and Light These have been great, light and bright shoes!  They did come a little small so they are tight but hoping they stretch out a little.  Very Satisfied with price and product.
B0058XH56Q "The Flash" quick service It was delivered literally 2 days after my order, as in i paid, it left the company that night and by a the day after, i received the product and It fit like a glove.I wear it almost everyday now. Wonderful service, definitely recommend
B0058XH56Q Confort Good price, good looking and very confortable..great for summer..has mesh so you will get toes and socks wet , FYI..but a very nice shoe...a must for running or walking in the spring and summer...
B0058XH5D4 I only buy puma Love them.  I could stay in them all day and be as comfortable as ever! Great for running/working out or just everyday wear.
B0058XH5D4 Super macio! Super macio! Adorei a cor e o modelo! alem de o produto ter chegado dentro do prazo previsto. Muito Bom.
B0058XH5D4 Light Comfy and strong Well built by the look and feel of them. The whole family owns them now and the sizes are corrrect across the whole range. Colors are nice and bright without being too garish. Long term comfort and durability are key and time will tell.
B0058XH5D4 Love this Have received a lot of compliments on the pretty pink.  I have worn them for a day out of shopping (walking) and have also worn them to Zumba class.  They are very comfortable and completely cute.
B0058XH5D4 These are awesome! They are true to size. My daughter loves them . They look better in person,the colors are very bright! I'm glad I took the chance.
B0058XH5D4 my wife loves 'em i purchased these as a gift for my wife and she was nothing but happy with them. she says they are very comfortable and the sizing is consistent with other puma's she has. i have no problem recommending these.
B0058XH5D4 tennis I wear these to work , I am a nurse and they are very comfortable.  My feet don't get as tired from all the walking  that I do.
B0058XH5D4 positive I actually bought these for my daughter,she absolutely loves them!!!She says they are really comfortable and every one asks where she got them!
B0058XH5D4 Very nice. Just in time, the colors are perfect, its very comfortable and i feeling  my smooth feet, just it perfect, ok
B0058XH5D4 Love my Puma's These shoes are among my favorites! Puma makes Awesome kicks & I have lots of different styles & colors! Always exceeds expectations!
B0058XH5D4 Purchased for friend Bought these for a friend but she has a wider foot and getting them on and off is very difficult as the tongue is attached to the sides and is not quite as flexible as other shoes that have the standard tongue in them.
B0058XH5D4 AMAZING! I waited about 6 business days for these and I was so excited for them. The shoes I was using previously were about 8 dollars from payless so it was about time I got some new ones. I saw many great reviews for these and I absolutely loved the way they looked. When I received them, they came in a shoe box put into a larger box. I must say my initial reaction was BEAUTIFUL shoes!!! They look even better than in the pics. I can actually say they look stunning haha. They also come with a really cute dust bag to keep them safe that match and is made of recyclables as if they are representing "go green." They have an attached tongue but if you get your correct size they will fit perfect. Not difficult putting them on or taking them off. I have worn them the past 3 consecutive days going to the gym for 1-2 hours each day and I swear my feet feel amazing. Usually they are sore no matter what shoes I wear. Another plus is lots of compliments ;] LOVE!!
B0058XH5D4 Bought for wife Bought these shoes as a surprise for my wife's birthday. She loves them! They breathe well but still keep her feet warm on colder days. She says they are extremely comfortable and she wears them everywhere!
B0058XH5D4 COMFY!!! They are super cute & super comfy.They arrived quickly and match the pic & description perfectly.I love my new Pumas!
B0058XH5D4 Excellent True to size. VERY comfortable. Nice materials. Above expectations. The price was really cheap, got them at $40, all was good
B0058XH5D4 Well worth it The colors are awesome and the shoes are super comfy!!!! I would recommend to anyone who moves around a lot at work.
B0058XH5D4 Ive had them over a year now and still comfy Ive had them over a year now and still comfy.  The color was as pictured and I feel like the are form fitting to my foot which I love.
B0058XH5D4 I love all puma voltaic shoes, comfy with no seperate tongue, like a glove that hugs your foot I have 5 pairs of puma voltaic shoes, I wear them to work out and other pairs to work since I am on my feet. They have a nice no separate tongue idea that fits like a glove on your foot. Very comfy.
B0058XH5D4 Super confortable! I was wearing freeruns to the gym. for the hype I guess. But just thought i'd get some new trainers for the gym. To keep in routine. I love these. I feel like they're more stable than my freeruns and find myself wearing them more. Needless to say the color selection for these are AWESOME! great buy.
B0058XH5D4 So comfortable, and CUTE Puma's are my go to.  They're always comfortable and lightweight.I got this beautiful pair for days off and working out.  LOVE them.
B0058XH5D4 Puma Love these shoes! I am so glad that I bought these! They are very comfortable. I work in an elementary school and I go up and down three floors all day. These shoes have been excellent for my job'
B0058XH5D4 Purchased for wife and she loves them Purchased these for my wife and she loves them, she goes running a few times a week and runs several miles. She has not had any complaints about them at all.
B0058XH5D4 Daughters shoe My teenage daughter loves the feel of Puma's.  She says they are very comfortable, and is keeeping up with her Mom while running.
B0058XH5D4 For my Pregnant wife...a Godsend My wife bought these last week and said that they were the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn, bar none.  This came as a surprise to me since my wife has more shoes than a beach has sand.  For someone that is hardly ever satisfied fully, I am very happy with this purchase.
B0058XH5D4 My Wife Love It! Product is exactly as described.  My wife loved the product.  Look forward to doing business with this person or establishment in the future.
B0058XH5D4 Five Stars excellent shoes
B0058XH5D4 Bought at Half Off, Worth it I have a wide toebox, so even though I'm really a 6.5, I got an 8 and it fit just fine. It works pretty well for running and is definitely adequate for an active lifestyle. I would buy it again. (Plus, people are constantly complimenting me on the colors!)
B0058XH5D4 Fav Shoes Love these shoes, have them in as many colors as my husband will allow! Make sure you buy a .5 size smaller as they do stretch
B0058XH5D4 Fabulous shoes! These shipped quickly and are really cute! Puma's are always a top choice and I know they will last a long time! Thanks!
B0058XH5D4 Very Pretty Great buy very comfortable but I was sad to have to return them as they were a bit too big.
B0058XH5D4 PUMA sneakers Received shipment promptly after placing online order. Unfortunately, some sort of black mark near toe area on top of sneakers (ink?) Otherwise okay.
B0058XH5D4 comfortable running shoe Very comfortable. I started to break them in by wearing them a litttle here and there before I set out on a run. Wasn't necessary. They are very comfortable and offer cushioning in the right spots. I ran on day 2 of geting them. Gave a 4 because even though they came from amazon's warehouse,  shipping wasn't as fast as I expected.
B0058XH5D4 I love it They are perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all i can say. I would recommend them. They are so pretty and comfy and perfect!!!!
B0058XH5D4 Perfect! I love these shoes. I work at a hospital and spend 12 hrs on my feet and these hug my high arches all day!!
B0058XH5D4 Love These!!!!!!!! These shoes are very comfortable and I love them; so glad that I chose these.  Obviously, they look awesome too!!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE LOVE they are super cute!!! And to me they are so comfortable only thing that I didn't like it's a little difficult to put them on! It may just be where I need to break them in but other than that I absolutely love them!!!!
B0058XH5D4 Good zumba shoes Bought these for zumba and am pretty happy with their performance for this purpose.  Only thing holding me back from giving them a 5 star rating is that my toes feel squished and I do not have a wide foot at all.  May need to give them some time to stretch and break in a bit more.  Overall pretty happy.
B0058XH5D4 Beautiful In excellent conditions! The product arrival was fast! And very much exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with the purchase. The colors are fantastic, they are very comfy. I dont recommend for longo runs, since there is not much ankle support. They are good for walking, gym, or tennis
B0058XH5D4 Confortable Very confortableIt Is very niceThe combination of colors are perfectFor runining amazingGood pricePerfect for my mother
B0058XH5D4 My daughter likes them I bought these for track for my daughter.  She really likes them.  She said she likes that you don't have to fight with the tongue - it's built in.  She also wears them as everyday shoes, since they're black.
B0058XH5D4 great but not for long runs This shoe is really cushy every but on the bottoms of feet.  They are fine for elliptical and shorter runs, and gym work but I wouldn't wear over 6 miles.  I do like how the tongue is attached so they stay in place all day!
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable and fun! I am a Personal Trainer and Fitness Instructor. I purchased these shoes because I thought the color was fun. They are bright, but makes my workouts a little brighter when I wear them. They are very comfortable. The first day I wore them, I had them on for 12 solid hours and never thought twice about them. It was like they were my old comfy shoes that I had worn for years. I really was impressed!
B0058XH5D4 Five Stars thank you,
B0058XH5D4 great purchase i ordered these shoes for my girlfriend for christmas and she loves em fits great there durable , exactly as advertised.
B0058XH5PM dont hesitate! these are great sneakers guys. most comfortable every day wear. They are fine for most athletic activities. Lack of shoelaces does voice concerns on staying on foot but if you are not doing martial arts and just walking around they are perfect. for the price you cant go wrong!
B0058XH5PM very nice model, beautiful design nice model, and fit very well only the header of the shoe is pretty large is great desing for this kind of shoes
B0058XH5PM Great slip-on sneaker I have been a full-time Chef for over 30 years now. On my days off, I like to feel comfortable and the slip-on Puma offers me just that! Very comfortable and stylish yet conservative. I will buy more for back-up should this sneaker, for whatever reason, should be discontinued. VERY HAPPY:)
B0058XH5PM better than i spect it at first I wasn't sure but when I got it on my hands it was just perfect a lot better than what i spect it
B0058XH5PM Great Gift I send this puma shoes as a gift for mu brother in law, he had had some previous problems in the past with sizing in other brands but this was a perfect fit, comfortable and good looking, he just loves them.
B0058XH5PM Good choice!! It's really confortable!!., pretty nice!!, here in Cartagena, i think there is no place to find this shoes, so it's just better
B0058XH5PM Very comfortable I bought this pair for my teenage son. He loves them. He says they fit like a glove and are very comfortable.
B0058XH5PM Very light weight, comfortable shoe I was very pleased with, and really surprised at how comfortable and light weight these shoes felt. I have always loved Pumas but, haven't had any for few years. Now, with disability making it difficult to bend & tie shoes, I really like an am very pleased with these sneakers!!!
B0058XH5PM Very good for the price It fits very Well i like the material and feels very good. The size is normal for anyone no problema with this
B0058XH5PM Great looking, very comfortable, reasonably priced. Product delivered early, packaged very well. Looks exactly as pictured. Looks a lot more expensive than they are. Very fairly priced. I'm very satisfied and would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a sharp looking, casual sport sneaker.
B0058XH5PM Love Them I could not be happier. They are comfortable and look great. I wish I would have found them sooner. They are worth every penny
B0058XH5PM Pricey but good I tried to find some kicks for my teenager, specially for use at school and this are an excellent option.  My kid have high and wide feet so laces are out of the question and these sneakers do the job.
B0058XH5PM Very Happy.... .....really nice sneaker. In my opinion Puma seems to size their footware about a half size smaller than "normal". I am somewhere between an 11 and an 11 1/2 so knowing this I ordered a 12. Perfect! I think they also run on the narrow side just a little bit, which makes for a better fit. Keeping this info in mind when ordering may help you decide which size to order. Ordering shoes/sneakers online can be tricky and simply a pain in the neck in the event you have to return for an exchange. I appreciate when people take the time to write a review that helps others decide if it's going to be a good purchase for them, I'm returning the favor. Hope this helps. Bottom line is it's a great looking sneaker that fits well. Laces are overrated. LOL! I was skeptical to order the White/Princess Blue color for obvious reasons. Not sure who the marketing genius was that thought it would be a good idea to call Royal Blue Princess Blue but I'm sure it has scared away anyone who might have his masculinity questioned for ordering such a color combination. LOL! I might just go ahead and order the White/Black pair too, providing they don't decide to go ahead and call it White/My Little Pony Black or anything.
B0058XH5PM love it. Nothing to complaint about. the item as described, even better for me.  great material, great  look.i would totally recommend this amazing sneaker.
B0058XH5PM Confortable Like the feel and look of them. very comfortable and good fit. make sure you know your size before you order online.
B0058XH5PM men's tergament sneakers The shoes are super thin and the sole of this sneaker is thin as well you would have more support wearing socks would make great house slipper but for this price you can buy 6 pairs of slippers
B0058XH5PM Excelent! Always i will wear this kind of shoes. They are so comfortable and nice!  The best mark in the world!
B0058XH5PM Great! The shoes are great; got them for my boyfriend and he loves them.  Just make sure you mesaure your foot before ordering becuase i find the sizes are different.
B0058XH5PM Perfect Shoes quick shipment! I love the product...my dad hates dress shoes so I bought these for him to wear to my wedding. They look just like dress shoes and I know how much my dad loves the puma brand so they are perfect. I recommend puma to everyone!
B0058XH5PM smooth look and good for drummers. This Puma is cool looking and work great for drummers. Because of the slip-on shoethat it is, you can change into them at the gig.
B0058XH5PM Puma Shoes one star for fast shipping (ordered on the tenth, received on the fifteenth).one star for "condition like the description" - new.one star for fitting - it just fit onto my feet perfectly (this one you need to know your shoes size ... LOL ...).one star for hot hurting my ankles - though the leather is rigid, it does not hurt my ankles when I walk. I hope the leather will get softer and more flexible after couple months of use (as long as the shoes last that long - under $50 shoes, I know what to expect).I would not recommend these shoes to those who like soft shoes. These shoes are rigid, super rigid.
B0058XH5PM The Best Have been using this for last 5 months. Just loving it !!!Very stylish, but not ideal for long hours
B0058XH854 Christmas present Bought these for my daughter who asked for them for Christmas and she is delighted with them.  Uses them at the gym and finds them to be very comfortable.
B0058XH854 Nice shoes. These shoes are pretty nice. They got dingy and did not clean up well. These shoes fit just a little bit large (maybe a half size, not quite). The bottom of these shoes are slick if you don't wear thick-cotton socks.
B0058XH854 nice and comfortable very nice and stilish tennis they are very confortable and the desing are very very nice my wife use it for crossfit and she love it and if she is happy I'm happy.
B0058XH854 Awesome This product came in and it was nicely placed in the box and wrapped up with bubble wrap and everything i love these shoes :)
B0058XH854 excellent shoes!! Comfortable, sporty looking. I love all the different colors. Have many pairs of puma. They are worth every penny paid.  The price is pretty decent.  I give 5 stars.
B0058XH854 Very nice, i'm SUPER HAPPY !!!!! I recommend this shoes to every body,very very comfy,soft, they almost do the zumba for mi ....... LOVE IT a lot
B0058XH854 best! when first putting them on they were a little uncomfortable (flat footed) but after wearing them in they are great to run in and i can easily go 10 miles without feeling like there's anything there.
B0058XH854 Se rompieron broke in so little time?Stay updated I must do to return .... and change. Need a picture? da broke right where your thumb. It does not seem normal.
B0058XH854 I like these When these Puma's first arrived, I was a bit unsure of whether I would like them or not. I did not realize when I purchased them online that they don't have a true 'tongue', but they are actually one whole piece; the shoelaces aren't really necessary. Turns out, they're very comfortable and I get a lot of compliments on them. However, if you have wide or what you might consider 'fat' feet (no offense intended), I would recommend trying something else out. I have to wear thinner socks because the shoe doesn't allow for much stretch..especially on the top.
B0058XH854 bought for my wife my wife does zumba 1 time a week,and has for years .She has been through many  name brands of shoes  .She loves the puma ,very light and fits snug w/o feeling preasure on the foot..she said out of all the brands this puma is perfect for active and walking excercizing...
B0058XH854 Shoe Lover These are so sweet and comfy.....I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes!!!!!  I almost hate to go home and take them off!
B0058XH854 Puma Got my new Puma's and I love them,,I use them only for my workouts at the gym,,,very satisfied with them :-)
B0058XH854 Puma voltaic 3 Puma women's voltaic 3 NM running show, purpleLight, soft, very nice color, price-value according to I was looking for
B0058XH854 Great shoes These were order as a Christmas gift and we recieved them faster than other items order off of other sites.
B0058XH854 perfect beautiful shoes, colors not get everywhere, with red bags to take them to any place of good material and comfortable way
B0058XHACK Good shoes but disappointed. When I first got them they were for Mothers day! ie. i have been wanting them for a very long time. He gave them to me I started wearing them the first day Ive only had them 4 months but never wrote a review only because i want to make sure things work before giving a positive rating well yesterday i was walking to the store and my whole entire soul came out of the shoe. the plastic base that the foam is glued into was and is now taped ontop of my shoe in order to make it back home. IT Is a very comfortable shoe but im so saddened that it happened what a waste of 30 bucks and normally i do not pay that much for a flip flop im glad i wasnt working out or running (like they are exercise shoes anyways right) or it would have been worse. hope this was somewhat helpful..
B0058XHACK Great flip-flops! After trying dozens of pairs of flip-flops with all kinds of strange designs, I finally found these Puma's, and then ordered 2 more pairs. They have slight cushioning on the footbed, but not too much, and the bottoms are much more slip-resistant than others I have tried. The thong is fabric, but does take some breaking in, otherwise they are great, only wish they came in more colors, but would definitely recommend them to others!
B0058XHACK comfort buy this product for my mother and is delighted by the comfort and softness offering, says that fit very well
B0058XHCDM FYI- these are NOT BLUE They are BRIGHT VIOLET. They are great besides that so I kept them...but they are NOT NOT NOT blue shoes.
B0058XHCDM Comfortable shoes I love this shoe very comfortable and stylish I received many complinents from both men and women puma rocks .
B0058XHCDM Lightweight attractive sneaker I bought this shoe for running/working out. It is great, comfortable, lightweight, true to size, and stylish. Would recommend this product to anyone for fun or serous exercise!
B0058XHCDM Sleek but sophisticated FIts perfectly on my feet, very comfortable and breathable.  I've gotten several compliments on the shoes and they make your feet look small rather than bulky.
B0058XHCDM SO comfy I am a cashier, and have to stand for 8ish hours a day, with no sitting down and lifting heavy turkeys and cases of soda at a constant pace. So I need sturdy, comfortable sneakers for my feet. They fit the bill, and work for a good jog with the dog every day!
B0058XHCDM Very comfortable These shoes were very very comfortable but be aware that these are not blue, they are a Purple!!  A very distinct purple.
B0058XHD86 Not my favorite Puma flip flops These flip flops are super comfortable, but they are not my favorite. Unfortunately, Puma decided to discontinue my favorite ones which everyone seemed to like?!Oh well, these are a good back up.
B0058XHD86 great flip flop great flip flop, great price. bought them for my self, my son and my nephew. all my friends are ordering them them also
B0058XHD86 Okay Quality is about a 5-6 kind of expected more for the price did arrive quickly overall okay maybe would buy again just would like for the material to be a little more comfortable
B0058XHD86 nice very comfortable and relaxed, for use in the summer and beach walks, the'll buy one size smaller next time. Cute
B0058XHD86 Great sandals for the price! Love these sandals,They fit great and arrived on time. :) I would order again in the future in different colors.
B0058XHD86 Happy feet I love these flip flops. They are so comfy between the toes and the straps are so soft, I can walk in them all day. The color is beautiful. I have several pairs in different colors to my collection. I recommend this Seller. They were fast to deliver and price is excellent. I will buy more as other colors are displayed. Great job seller. I have happy feet once again.
B0058XHD86 A Favorite! I have been wearing this style of Puma flip flops for years! This pair is even better with the added color! The fabric straps don't rub your feet and are comfortable in the heat, sand, water, anything! The soles are also comfortable, although they do wear down once you wear them for a while. I will continue to buy this style of flip flop as my favorite go-to shoe in the summer!
B0058XHD86 Cute These are super cute to wear to the beach or casual day out.  I took one star away as the are not supportive at all but for an easy breezy look they are cuter than most other flipies on the market.
B0058XHD86 so cute I get a lot of compliments. they are so cute and made so well. I wore for a long walk and the material stuck to my feet and gave me a huge blister across the whole pad of my foot!  don't wear too long!!!!!!!!!!
B0058XHD86 Comfortable! I have them for a week now, and i am satisfied with the price and comfort of this flip flop.i would recomend it to anyone.
B0058XHD86 flip flops Awesome, super light weight and comfortable these great flip flops match all my outfits and look great, they are the most comfortable sandals I own, I never want to take them off
B0058XHD86 love wore them everyday since i got them in the spring all the way through summer and they stayed soft and comfy the whole time surprisingly.
B0058XHD86 love them i just received my flip flops today....they look great and are comfortable...as for durability i dont know because like i said i just received them today....these flip flops are true to size...i wear an 8 1/2 thats what i ordered and they fit perfect
B0058XHD86 Cheaply made but cheap to buy They are cheap flip flops - one step up from old navy. The fabric thong part are comfy more so than the plastic ones but the foam base is thin and flattens easily.
B0058XHD86 It's Your Basic Flip Flop This is your basic flip flop. The colors are vibrant, it's comfortable, and it looks great. The sole, however, is very thin, so unless you're walking on pavement, you will feel every rock, etc that you step on. I generally wear a size 7.5, so that is what I ordered, and it fits true to size.
B0058XHD86 Puma Flip Flops I love these flip flops.. Most comfortable EVER. I've worn this style for years now.Amazon is great.. Always carries what I'm looking for... Thanks Amazon!!!
B0058XHD86 weak the fabric is kind of weak haven't had these very long and the one side broke was really bummed about it :(
B0058XHD86 Very comfy When I want to not wear anything on my feet but need to these are my go to flip flops. Feels like barefeet almost. Very ahppy with them.
B0058XHD86 not that good very flimsy soles. not that thick. not that compfortable. looks better in the picturefound better at target and walmart.
B0058XHDX6 excellent Happy with the product and service costs, packaging exajerado anything, the size of the product, which is not allowed me to pay overweight.
B0058XHDX6 Pretty nice, comfortable very nice rubber sole, so soft.Nice finish details, very nice sewing, not at all bad quality like other reviews.
B0058XHEBM Roma pumas The Roma edition of Puma is a really good one, very comphtirable and very nice shoes. You defenetely will be glad with your purchase.
B0058XHEBM Very comfortable.. Good quality shoe and inexpensiive which equals double threat for success. Excellent for casual wear...Its almost like putting a hand into a perfect glove..
B0058XHEBM Fast These shoes came the next day. I ordered them for a child on the giving tree. I hope he liked them. I was pleased with how they look and the calue.
B0058XHEBM Quite happy with this purchase! Nice and fashionable shoes, they are comfortable and fit really well, it feels so good when walking, In spite of these are my first &#34;Rome&#34; model I do like this classic model.
B0058XHEBM Noisy Shoes makes an annoying squeak on every step. All pumas I ever owned have never had this problem. Not sure if it's just bad batch?
B0058XHEBM Awesome These shoes are so comfortable. Everyone compliments them and they stay clean for a long time even though they have a lot of white on them
B0058XHEBM Cool These sneakers are comfortable, look nice, and are very suitable for rainy days (as they are made of plastic) Exactly as expected.
B0058XHEBM Stylish I love this sneaker, it's very stylish and looks good on my feet. It also feels very comfortable & light.
B0058XHEBM Great value! These Pumas are extremely light weight, soft, and comfy.  There very good for casual walking distances.  The uppers clean up easily, also.  I've spent twice this amount for Rockports, etc... and not been this happy.
B0058XHEBM Style These shoes are exactly as they look in the pictures. The navy/red are noticeable anytime you wear them and are comfy for any amount of walking.
B0058XHEBM nice sneaker when you can find for lower prices, i think it's a good deal. looks nice, etc. don't know if they all do or just mine, but it's a little squeaky.
B0058XHEBM Fast delivers and great price I for these for my husband. He really need some new shoes and they were not even that expensive, I will be buying more whose pretty soon. Theses were just for special events.
B0058XHEBM Dressy Sneakers I really like these sneakers and they look good with jeans.  These are light weight and comfortable and have gotten several compliments already.
B0058XHEBM very pleased. Comfort and give better grip of the surface I purchased them for my son who plays Capoeira many years .... very pleased. Comfort and give better grip of the surface.
B0058XHEBM I recommend Super quality sneakers, Puma didn't let down as usual. Fits perfectly, very comfortable, durable and fashion. I love it and suggest to those who appreciate comfortable shoes.
B0058XHEBM squeaks the shoes squeak when walking. The supposed leather tongue slides up and down the wall of the shoe making the annoying noise, hard to sneak up on somebody without getting heard.
B0058XHEBM I love it Awesome!!!!
B0058XHEBM without words!!! Just Nice!!!This was what i spected. Seems And feel good. I recomend it for any one. 4 stars to them!!!!
B0058XHEBM Great kicks Knew it was a solid purchase, have owned several pairs in various colours. On point with the Nike Cortez sneaker, slightly cheaper. Would recommend for both the gym and clinical setting.
B0058XHEBM Very nice and comfortable product they are very beautiful and comfortable. Also I notice good materials in its preparation. I think buying another pair in the coming months.
B0058XHEBM A wonderful Puma Roma sneaker I love my new Puma Roma are very comfortable and very nice to walk but also are so fancy !!
B0058XHEBM great thanks, was not the exact style that i wanted but looks pretty cool cant wiat to were it summer is almost here
B0058XHEBM Style and Comfort I am an avid Puma fan, I have all different styles...these shoes arrived quicker than expected. They are very comfortable and flexible, but not to the point that the shoe becomes modified. You can't go wrong with this purchase!
B0058XHEBM GREAT My son loved them, I will be purchasing from this site in the future. Not just for my son but for my daughters as well.
B0058XHEBM Minor errors but still okay Some stitching errors and some glue marks but overall it's ok. Haven't get to wear it though but materials wise, it feels good =)
B0058XHEBM Look Great For the price, I can't complain. I didn't expect leather for $35. They look great with the red shoe laces I put in them. They are everyday wearer so I'm sure they will last me a long time.
B0058XHEBM Great! Thanks for the shoes, they are great and I was waiting for they, the price is good and the size is perfect for me. Thank you!
B0058XHEBM Very Happy My son ordered these and I was skeptical that they would be a good fit, but everything was as described and he loves these shoes.
B0058XHEBM I LOVE these shoes! I always wanted these shoes but as a kid I was never able to afford them. Now that I have good fortune of being able to buy them, I did and I am very happy. Delivery was superfast and the condition of the shoes was excellent.
B0058XHEBM Nice Sneakers I recommend everybody to try those sneakers and enjoy how comfortable and soft they are. Nice Puma and very cheap !!!
B0058XHEBM cool got them for my brother and they fit perfect. this was even better than going to the store to buy some
B0058XHEBM Looks Decent.. My only complaint is that i thought these Roma's wouldnt look so clunky/big as compared to all white Romas i currently own..  I dont know if its my imagination or not but they seem 'bulkier'.
B0058XHEBM good shoe Puma is my favorite shoes, low heals, very comfortable, makes my knee feel better, I have a bumb knee so these shoes work very well for me. I'm on my feet most of the day.
B0058XHEBM Great !!! Great stuff, good qualiy and very trendy. The packing was orignal and arrived on time.Highly reccommended and will purchase  again in future.
B0058XHEBM Not bad, puma... These take a little bit of time to break in, they start off pretty tight compared to other pairs of Romas I've owned.  That said, for the price, these are pretty sweet.
B0058XHEBM Five Stars Roma Puma Perfect for standing jobs. Really soft
B0058XHEBM perfect gift Bought these for my father and he loves the fit of the shoe. He's gonna be seventy this year and wants to get moving.lol
B0058XHEBM snug kinda snug but just need to wear a few times to break them in. I still really like the shoes.
B0058XHEBM Do not order Perfect shoes.  Got them awhile back. But! Do not order from this seller. Somehow they let my card number out and someone tried using it in texas. Had to get a new card and payed bills late because it caused my account to lock up
B0058XHEBM Very stylish shoes Haven't had them long, so I cannot speak on durability. But fit as described and accurately. Very stylish, awesome kicks.
B0058XHEBM Puma Retro Sneakers I bought these Puma old school sneakers for myself. They are clean, crisp and very comfortable. Some sneakers pinch my toes, not these, plenty of room and cushion to make them a joy to wear. Great retro sneakers to add to your shoe collection.
B0058XHEBM I love these shoes This is very nice perfect product, i love it.It's very light,soft, fresh and very comfortable, you can stand on your feet all dayand your back will never hurt. It's water proof, good looking and they very easy to clean.I put them on the very first day i got them and more than 5 people compliment meI 100% recommend these shoes, it worth the price and you wont regret your money.So hurry up and try it.
B0058XHEBM They are okay Shoes are light and attractive. Not the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn but will suffice. Overall... Okay I guess
B0058XHEBM great fit They feel comfortable. It doesnt come off when im doing a lot of movement. I use them for work every day.
B0058XHEBM first time i try Amazon I really like that i come home and my new shoes where there waiting for me. It is really a great way to shop and i had no problem with my order.
B0058XHEBM Eh Pumas arnt for me, the size was a little different than what I'm used to, but overall everything was good
B0058XHGRE Love my kicks Love them!  Super comfortable and super cute.  Not sure how well they clean yet though...They're warm so probably not good for the summer
B0058XHGRE Puma I love Puma shoes.  They last a long time and are made for wear and tear.  I would recomend this brand to anyone.
B0058XHGRE not the most comfortable I have been buying Pumas for a few years now. These were not nearly as comfortable as some of the past ones that I have bought. Unfortunately many of the ones I bought in the past are no longer available on Amazon.
B0058XHN6I Not recommend I don't recommend this product to anyone. I have other puma ballerinas and this one is more straight and not confortable.I return to my country with a product that i don't like.
B0058XHN6I ouch! I returned these. They are not comfortable at all. That glossy side strap and the space under it was all scratchy. I bought some other Puma ballerinas that were better.
B0058XHN6I Sporty cute These are comfortable and sporty cute. They can be worn dressey casual or casual. Look great with my skinny jeans or yoga pants.
B0058XHN6I comfy These are seriously so comfortable and they are cute whether your dressed up or casual. The perfect daily shoe. :)
B0058XHN6I Great Size Awesome shoes; make sure you measure you feet before you bought becuase the sizes are alittle different!  I have gotten so many complements!  I love Puma, and will be buying more through Amazon!  Just a note since I have had them I got them wet...still look great, but now smell bad : (
B0058XHQN8 :( I chose this rating because it didn't come how it was told it would be sold. I got this item thinking that it would be a brand new item which that what the condition said in the staus, and I got the product and it had stains on the shoes and they had been worn!
B0058XHQN8 Great Y y y y y y y by y y y y y yy y y yay y y y good sale
B0058XHQN8 Was not comfortable For the price this shoe was disappointing. Was not real comfortable so I returned it. I think in the future I will buy shoes I can try on before buying.
B0058XHQN8 Nice Lite on your feet, and are cute. Look good with just about any outfit. Looks great with workout pants, and jeans.
B0058XHSMC They're pretty neat I rather enjoy my Tekkies. They look cool, they're SUPER comfy, they're perfect for going without socks. Unlike most shoes, the soles, themselves, are squishy; this allows one to wear the shoes without socks and not have your feet hurt by the end of the day.The ONLY down side I have encountered, is that they don't fit right if you do wear socks, however, that could be my own fault for almost always wearing them without socks - I mean come on, a shoe can't give you the world, right?They're sweet kicks. A good buy in my opinion. So, just do it!...Oh wait, that's NIKE... oops
B0058XHY3K Great Would have been perfect if more sole was softer
B0058XHY3K Five Stars Nice shoes
B0058XHY3K Four Stars I LIKE THESE SNEAKERS,PRETTY GOOD DEAL
B0058XHY3K Five Stars Sensational & comfortable!!!!
B0058XI38A Not comfortable but, it doesn't have to be For me, I don't find sandals very comfortable and these are no exception.  I wear them around the house, to the beach, or anytime I don't want my shoes to get wet; however, I never wear them on walks or driving.  Not that any of this is important information about the sandal itself, I just wanted to give a good background to my personal use.  With my average use, the sandal has not been broken in over 2-3 months but it is also not falling apart.All that being said, they are great sandals.  They look great and have held up over this summer.  The surface is easy to clean unlike others that often get sand and dirt trapped in fabric and/or crevices.  The strap is tough and strong with just enough room to make sliding it on a breeze without it constantly falling off.  It gets good reviews because it looks good and serves it purpose while maintaining it's durability.I'd buy them again.
B0058XI7ZO PUMA Ballet like very much. great traction on hardwood floors...to perform quick stretches or yoga moves.. Works great as far as quickslip-ons...
B0058XIHF4 Thumb up Fitting lil tight but is good though because it help heal my teared ligaments..the other type of sneaker are to loss not  good for teared ligaments. Pleased customer :)
B0058XIQNC Love Love Love This show is so comfy and I love the look. I get compliments all the time. It fits just right. I added a heal cushion and I feel that is it a great match with this shoe. Shipping was super fast! Would love to order again from this seller. :)
B0058XIVRS happy i wanted this shoe when i saw it! I'm a 10, i ordered a 10, and it fits. i'm not a runner so i cannot speak on actual 'performance' but for everyday wear they are fine. i like them!
B0058XIVRS stylish I bought these shoes to walk to and from work (3-miles round trip) so far they are very comfy. I really like them
B0058XIVRS Puma Sneakers The shoes are nice feeling & super cute! My feet are slightly wide, & apparently that's a no-go though :/ but I'm determined to break them in, considering they were 70$. I work IMS at Walmart sooo i needed some up to par shoes & everyday they just get better & better!
B0058XIVRS Disappointment I love puma most of my kicks are puma. However these didn't last very long. At 190lbs these sneakers lost its shape very fast, I started walking lap sided, which could have caused some type of fracture. In 5 months they were ready for the trash.
B0058XIVRS Like walking in slippers I own two pairs of these and love them!  They are extremely comfortable and have the ease of slip on and off without knotted shoe laces.
B0058XIVRS Puma I love these shoes, the walk a litte bit funny in the beginning.I have small feets but the are great.So bad that they do not deliver it to the Netherlands.My luck I came to the USA in September so they where deliver to the hotel.
B0058XIVRS wonderful!! u will not be disappointed in this product!! i keep ordering different colors because i love the OSU fit and style.. i order about a half size bigger however so one may want to take that into consideration when ordering. other than that, this is one of my favorite products!! one of my favorite shoe styles! and it is puma so how can you go wrong?!
B0058XIVRS Comfortable casuals These neat looking Pumas are the big cat's meow. They were extremely comfortable right out of the box. Theirsystem of construction allows the feet to breathe, and remain cool. The sole is supportive for walking on any terrain.I like the mildly elastic slip-in foot entrance with the Velcro closure which stays closed, contouring to the side of thefoot. The size is perfect when wearing light to medium weight socks. I have had compliments on the color and theshoe. I would like to see more bright colors in this same style. I highly recommend this attractive and fits to your footlike a glove shoe.
B0058XIVRS I shouldn't have believed the other reviews I bought these based on the other reviews. I found these to be narrow, and the white decorative stitching rubbed on my toes on the inside. Yes, I typically wear athletic shoes sockless. If I had socks on, they'd have been even narrower. Returning. Cute but no cigar.
B0058XIVRS Different Unique, stylist, feels like a slipper and light like a slipper. The shoe isn't true to size a little tight.
B0058XIVRS Excellent shoes! These are so comfortable and I get nice comments about them.  I got plantar fasciitis and so far, with an inserted orthotic these shoes are the most comfortable I have.
B0058XJ0WI Love these I love these shoes and have gotten tons of compliments on them.  The are very comfortable and seem durable.  I highly recommend these.  I normally wear a 7 but ordered these in a 7.5 and they were just right.  Get these, you won't regret it.
B0058XJ9VK perfect shoe nice color,true to size, very good quality, comfy and cute...what else do you need?? oh and they come in a very practical multipurpose bag..perfect!
B0058XJ9VK Ouch! These shoes are super cute but not comfortable! They rub the skin off my heel. I once had to stop and buy different shoes to wear because I was in so much pain. I have tried band aids, heel cushions and socks. Nothing works. I wish I could get my money back :(
B0058XJ9VK Perfect Spring shoes I thought that this shoe would be perfect for the spring weather and I was right. Everyone loves the color and I love the fact that they are slip-ons. Definitely cute and they pop!
B0058XJ9VK Disappointed! Bought these because I needed a comfortable shoe that would also work with capris or casual dresses.They are cute but not comfortable.  I've tried wearing "footsies" with them but still having trouble across the toes.  The heel does not fit snugly so they also work up & down when I walk.I'm hoping that once I break them in they'll be better.
B0058XJ9VK Thanks, beautiful shoes Thanks, beautiful shoes... but I need more this Puma in 6.5 and more colors, Could put back more units? thanks
B0058XJE3I Very Nice!!! I purchased this while I was deployed because I had no shower shoes.  The got to me amazingly quick being it was going overseas and I really loved it.  I have had them for about a year and they are still going strong.  Thanks
B0058XJJ88 Thinly layered A bit loose but overall good.Though I was expecting a solid layering but are too thin. Not sure how durable they gonna be.
B0058XJJ88 Love Love Love them! They are so light weight and excellent for the Gym. I love the color and plus they are authentic! The only reason why I gave them a 4/5 was because of the shipping! Ugh I waited over a week and a half for them! It seemed like they were never going to come! But they did finally and I'm glad because theyre great!
B0058XJJ88 Absolutely love these shoes! These are the worlds MOST COMFORTABLE shoes. Lightweight, stylish, and beyond comfortable to run and walk in! I bought these today for $39 from Nordstrom's Rack! But I wouldn't feel upset if I paid $70 because they're worth it ...
B0058XJJ88 Why can't I find more of these? I love these!  They are so light and they have great ventilation. I wish they were not sold out online.  I would buy many more pairs.
B0058XJJ88 Love my new shoes! Light as feather! Great wear! Love my new sneakers! It's very light and easy to wear. Tried this out in the gym on the treadmill and it works great! Although it's very lightweight, it was very comfortable and seems sturdy. Beautiful design and cute little eco-friendly bag it came in.
B0058XJJ88 Terrific Sneakers These are the only sneakers I can comfortably walk in. I love it that they are really light and above all, they look good.
B0058XJJ88 Love these! I started doing Crossfit and my traditional Asics gels just weren't cutting it. I switched to these and they are perfect. I even prefer running in them over the Asics that I have worn for many years. They are lightweight, comfortable and even look cute
B0058XJJ88 price worked for me this product really is great, for the price you truly get what you pay for. its a cute shooe for summer use as it always air to flow through...definitely not a winter shoe
B0058XJJ88 Bought these again- They are very light and comfortable. For a gym shoe, they are soft and feminine- looks nice on foot. Feels like barefoot or slippers!
B0058XJJ88 So comfy Lightweight! Cute! Casual! However, I don't know if I could really use these as running shoes! They are great for being on your feet all day though!
B0058XJJ88 comfortable the only negative is that the sole wears out quickly, but have been running dog agility on artificial turf with them and they are GREAT.
B0058XJJ88 another turned up toe area Ran a little short and wide.Lifted toe area not good for me. I liked their lightness and thickness of sole otherwise,
B0058XJKSM Great product This slipper is awesome..bought this a long time ago and it still good as new. It's very comfortable. I would suggest it to anyone!
B0058XJKSM PUMA Surfrider SF Ferrari Sandal Exceeds All Expectations Given PUMA's casual sandal design, it has proven to be extremely comfortable and most stylish.  Unlike many imitators, the construction is well made, sturdy and feels comfortable while engaging in almost any activity.  Most remarkably, they feel as comfortable as they look--with great style, purpose and understated flare.  In fact, they are so comfortable, that I am now considering a second pair to wear exclusively within my home!  Congratulations, PUMA for getting it done so beautifully!
B0058XJP0A SMH These are not casual everyday sneakers, they are meant to be worn while riding a motorcycle. They are not meant to be worn to take walks or runs for that matter. They are equivalent to riding boots.
B0058XJPNW Yes exactly size I would  advise him to deal I would  advise him to deal he good theand every nice good he haveand he nice man in the offer  :)
B0058XJPNW Puma Ferrari sneakers These look cool and are very light and confortable.  Be warned, they are narrower than the standard US designed sneaker, they look more European, so if this in an issue take note the pictures provided don't show it well.  Because they are skinny, get a half size larger. Slick looking and cool, you'll be the only one wearing them.
B0058XJS0C Comfortable I highly recommend this shoe to all my friends, they are very comfortable and the price was right on time....the style of the shoes catches all the attention....I would like to order some more in different colors when they get them in..
B0058XJSEI Excellent! Very comfortable, excellent and great quality.Fits great.This product really exceeded my expectations. Just what I was looking for.
B0058XJSEI Meh, not right for me Didn't like them, seemed too flimsy and not enough support to really be able to work out/run in them. I decided to return them and find a pair that were light AND supportive instead (Nike).
B0058XJSEI light and tough Only reason not a 5 is because excpecting to be black and purple not light grey and purple. very light not heavy at all
B0058XJSEI Best. Shoes. Ever I give these the full Five star rating because they are the most comfortable, flexible, lightweight athletic shoes I've ever owned. And on top of all the comfort, they are very nice to look at. I get a lot of compliments when I wear these. Puma is a great brand and I'll continue to buy them for my family and I.
B0058XKSCY lighty and airy i LOVE these shoes!! i've always had great luck with puma, and these are so "light" to walk in!  i definately recommend this product.
B0058XKSCY Puma Women's Pumagility XT Cross Training Shoe I received my order quickly. The shoes are very comfortable,but a bit too stretch laterally.  The insole is not removable, so I could not insert my orthodics, which is disappointing.
B0058XKUMM As pictured The shoes are as pictured high quality and the colors are beautiful.  Comfortable and nice support for casual walking enjoy
B0058XKUMM love em Love these. They are old school looking which makes me smile. Comfortable. I have received a ton of compliments on them.
B0058XKUMM good super comodos, hice una buena elecci&oacute;n, suaves al caminar / super comfortable, I made a good choice, soft to walk
B0058XKUMM Five Stars Perfect
B0058XKUMM Workout shoes for my girlfriend I bought these for Xmas for my girlfriend, she loves them. They're very light weight and cushion well. They look as advertised and the purple/ pink color really pops. Im glad I took the risk not knowing if the size would run big or small, they fit great. Definitely would buy again, easy 5 star rating.
B0058XLB5W Puma Lily Very cute shoe. Most of it (except the toe area) is made of a nylon-type fabric that appears would wear well, and repel water. The heel is wonderfully padded around the back. I just wish there was more padding on the bottom, especially the ball-of-foot area. If it came in brown, I'd be ecstatic.
B0058XLB5W Great every day shoe These shoes are great to wear for running errands, walking to work, etc. They are comfy but also stylish. My only complaint is that the toe area is somewhat snug/stiff.
B0058XLB5W Love this! These are so cute, true to color, and comfortable.  I LOVE Puma flats they are always so comfortable.  I have problems with most flats because they rub my Achilles tendon raw, but these never do, which is why I own so many of them.  I will say that I am a pretty solid size 8, but I absolutely need a 7.5 in Puma flats (ALL of them).  They also tend to be slightly wider than normal so there's extra room there too.
B0058XLB5W Comfortable and cute!! Shoes are very comfortable.  Cute, and match with just about everything.  Great with jeans. I've never been dissapointed with any Puma shoes.
B0058XLB5W beautiful And comfortable These shoes are beautiful, very comfortable and I'm very happy with my purchase. The package was in perfect condition and they are true to size. I purchased the new navy and the gray violet ones.
B0058XLB5W Super comfy Pumas! I bought this item because I love Puma styling & hoped for the comfort that other reviewers described.  These shoes have a gel like inner sole that makes them much more comfortable than other ballet flats, & they are adorable!  I'm a big fan of shoes that I can wear to work but feel like I'm at home, & at a price lower than most Pumas, these are a great deal.
B0058XLB5W Too short I usually wear a 5.5 in Puma, and when these seemed a little short, I thought it was probably to allow the fabric to stretch.  Unfortunately, that has never happened, so I just wear them rarely.  They are cute, though, and I get compliments on them.
B0058XLB5W I love these shoes. Period. These shoes are absolutely darling. I have the "red," but I would say they are more of a salmon or pink-red than "red red." And the dark parts are gray, not black. The laces are so, so cute and they are completely comfortable the very first time you wear them, with or without socks. I adore them and will be buying more colors! Sizing was spot-on with what I would normally order too. Such a cute alternative to big clompy sneakers.
B0058XLB5W Comodisimos Compre estos zapatos y aparte del envio ser super rapido me encantan, se ajustan perfectamente, son lindos y sobre todo muy comodos
B0058XLJQI LOVE LOVE I loved these shoes....... always got compliments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XLJQI very comfortable very comfortable, you can walk a long time with no problem. It fits very well at the foot feels free.
B0058ZYXFA Very comfy. I picked these up and have had no problems being uncomfortable while working out.  I started wearing them off and on for daily activities and they're very comfy all day.
B0058ZYXFA Durable and a good fit. the soles are durable, and can hold up to constant running. The soles shift to the side a bit, but its not that bad. The undersides of the sole hold up pretty well to any type of terrain. Pretty good overall.
B005901UOG First she hated them..... then she loved them So, I got these for my wife. Now I should say, that I was a bit apprehensive. These aren't totally her style. But I got them and was curious to see what she would think.At first, she hated them. She thought that they were too flashy for her to wear. In fact she absolutely refused to wear them. I kept asking her to try them... maybe they would be really comfortable. No, No, No.... the more I tried to get her to try them, the more she refused.Then a funny thing happened. A few of her friends saw them. Not only did they think it was a nice thing that I got her shoes, but they actually really liked them... a lot. Well, I am sure you see where this is going. Shortly after they told her this, she was eager to try them on, and you know what - SHE LOVES THEM. She has said on many occasions that they are very comfortable and enjoys them quite a bit. In fact, now when people ask her about them, she isn't as pessimistic about design of them.Personally, I like the way they look. The main color of the shoe is a nice gray with the purple and green accent them nicely.But I should say, that shoes are a very personal thing. It is very possible that what feels wonderful to my wife may not for other people. But if you are willing to try, these should be a pair to strongly consider.In conclusion, I want to throw a quick shout out to my wife for finding the humor in this review.
B005901UOG Excellent comfort This product came in a size smaller than what I normally wear, however I could get my foot into it so I'm thinking these shoes run a little bigger than normal. The cushioned insole felt like sinking into velvet foam. I'd wear these everywhere, even though the colors are ugly in my opinion. It looks very well made with lots of attention to the heel and toe so I doubt it will wear out quickly.
B005901UOG Workout Friends For years, my staple workout sneaker has provided comfort, but lacked style.  I now believe that I have discovered the best of both worlds (comfort and style) in PUMA Women's Pumagility Cross-Training Shoe.  They are extremely lightweight and are as comfortable as slippers, making them perfect for anything from a workout in the gym to a quick trip to the grocery store.  The shoes run accurate to size and have plenty of toe space.  The eye catching colors have added a new flair to my workout wardrobe.
B005908V0M best shoes ever! I usually wear nike shox, but these are way more comfortable. I work 12 hour shifts on my feet and these shoes make a huge difference. Also, they are very stylelish. Im always getting compliments.
B005908V0M Super Cute! I LOVE all of my Puma's and these are no exception. I wish the color was a little more defined on the pictures because when i received mine, the grey was a little lighter than in the pictures. Overall, they are very comfy, stylish, and look wonderful!
B005908V0M Puma I was looking forward to getting those shoes. But I returned them. They are so big around my foot (from the outside, looks "puffy" and bulky). I am 7.5. There are very light though. I just didn't care for how HUGE they looked on my foot.
B00591BYFK Puma Good MorningI wonder when will I get my order as it was requested and the date 23/08/2012 and received not
B00591BYFK Confortable make sure you pick the right number. they didn't have 10 so i took the 9.5 with the correct sox i would be fine.good materials
B00591VZ4A Perfect match to the pants Comfortable and warm.  Better quality than the adidas climacool wind jackets I had been buying.  The side vents keep it from getting too hot.  Bought the matching pants and another set in the other color too.
B005931X2C they're great They must be pretty comfortable because my wife is still wearing them. She loves the way she can run like Flo Joe!!
B005932XQ2 super cute! Adorable, just as they look in the picture. My daughter gets compliments all the time.  They are sporty and casual.  Good with shorts or jeans.
B00593FR24 Its Puma! Expect anything different?! This product is both smooth, sleek and stylish all in one! Its truly a head-turner....thanks so much Puma...rock on guys!
B00593FWR4 very upset!!!! The product is very good and was a gift.So I chose to send as a gift and it left the price of the gift inside the box.Now, if I chose and paid to send as a gift is not supposed that the price tag should be removed?I am very upset by this that has happened.
B00593FWS8 I feel so fast... This is a super sharp looking jacket.  I don't, however, agree with it being labeled as a "softshell".  Softshells are generally windproof (or very nearly so), and at least water resistant even if it's from being treated with a DWR.  This jacket will only block 5, maybe up to 10 MPH winds.  It's not water resistant at all.  It's a very dressed up polyester zip-up hoodie and I give it 5 stars only evaluating it as such and disregarding price.  It's warm, comfy, and well made.  You will not find a better looking hoodie that will fetch more compliments. And I swear I'm faster when I wear my Ferrari jacket around.
B00593FWS8 not cotton great so far. But then again, its still new. Been getting some good looks. 70 bucks, not bad. like the shield. makes me feel good. (20 words)
B00593G854 Cool Looking Jacket It is a good walking jacket.  I think the fit around the elbows is a little weird -- not very flexible.  Therefore, I wouldn't wear this jacket during sports (golf or warm-ups).
B00593GHYG perfect gift I ordered two of these jackets/sweatshirts for christmas as gifts for a 16 year old boy and 12 year old boy.  They both appeared very happy and they fit perfectly.  They are made of a medium weight material and not too heavy.
B00593GHYG Great Quality and Fit I purchased this jacket as a Christmas present for my husband who had requested "A jacket with some of that shiny material and a little puma on the chest".  This definitely fit the bill.  Both the top and bottom portions are crafted in a polyester, although the bottom has a more organic feel to it.  The lining is very nice and gives the jacket added warmth.  (Although do keep in mind that this is definitely a jacket and not a full fledged coat.) The jacket is sized very accurately  so my panic attack about fit was unwarranted.  I purchased the steel gray version for him and I do feel that it is somewhat on the more blue/gray side than straight gray.  Overall I'm very pleased with it and I can tell by the amount of times he's worn it that he is too.
B00593GPAW PUMA ROCKS Fantastic price, look, size and feel. My Husband said it was his dream to get Puma for his birthday also loved the prompt delivery, we will be back for more PUMA.
B00593GTRG Cute but some flaws This sweater is really cute but the sleeves arent very long, and it tends to ride up your sides, If you have an ounce of fat on you, don't buy it.
B00593GTRG Hot It is a warm jacket too warm fir a tropical country. I thought it would be lighter. The color and size were ok. I will have to wear it during the winter or when traveling
B00593GVNI Great 3/4 sweatpants I use these 3/4 length sweatpants for playing soccer and also for rock climbing. They're made for soccer, and allow the freedom of movement necessary for running, kicking, dribbling a soccer ball at pace. I also use them for rock climbing, so that I don't scrape my knees of the rough surface of the indoor rock climbing walls. Anyone who rock climbs I'm sure knows of this delight. They're also lightweight, and reasonably priced. I tried on in the store the 3/4 length addidas brand sweatpants too, these just didn't quite fit well for me, they were a little short. These puma ones fit much better as well, being a little longer, even though I bought them blindly on amazon.
B00593GVNI Gotta love em....... These are a great &#34;Summer&#34; buy for this year and I'm not shy to sport these &#34;very&#34; snug fit'n shorts. Just ware with a Thong or go Camando  witch ever is just fine. 8-)
B00593H8HG Four Stars it turned out smaller than expected.
B00593HKCE Fat guy jacket. Wish this fit a little slimmer.  If I had a bigger gut, it'd be great.  Nice looking and comfy though.
B00593HRHM Super fly LOL This sweat jacket matches perfectly with the Puma sneakers that I bought and now I have a super fly fit. LOL
B00593HRHM Professional service! I had to return the jacket because it was bigger for the size. Otherwise the quality was very good.I've got my money back fast with no questions asked and no commission to be kept. Thanks!
B00593HTAC Bigger than expected... if you're petite This was huge on me, and I got a small! Nonetheless, it is very comfortable, and warm, so I kept it. I just wear it around the house during winter - it's so cozy.
B00593HV1E bright and stylish. Material is good for pet owners. I love the material and the style of this hoodie. It has a shiny exterior, which makes it brighter than more natural hoodies. I feel so big city every time I put it on. It's not super warm, but it's not super thick either. I plan on wearing it as a mid-layer this winter. The thumb holes should keep my hands warmer. I like how the cuffs extend back on the bottom of the wrists, so I don't worry as much about the shiny material getting as messed up when I wear it with the thumbs in the holes. Finally, I noticed cat hair doesn't stick to this. I love my cat, but she sheds all the time. Somedays on some sweaters I feel like I got a cat hair shirt. this one doesn't do so bad.My only complaint which isn't really a complaint at all is I don't want to get it dirty. Most my hoodies are purely for function, and I don't do much to protect them from oil and grime. This one, I feel I need to be careful, so I don't wear it very often because I'm always getting stuff stained. On nights when I don't have to worry, I almost always pull this sweatshirt out.
B00593HV1E Warm and very comfortable It's not only comfortable but also smartly stylish plus a good price.Puma also did a thoughtful design piece for this sweat jacket and that is put a small hole to slide your thumb through which then extends the sleeves. I found this quite useful especially when the winds get chilly.
B00593I5YG My son loved it! I gave it to my son, who is 39, and he loved everything about it.  The size was perfect.  I got a large because he will be wearing stuff under it.  Normally, he is a medium, but likes sweatshirts just a little roomier.  He is average, 5'10&#34;, 165#.  Sleeve length was great too.
B00593ICV2 Love it! Bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. Need to make a couple exchanges because I was unsure of sizing.  Hoodie is beautiful and is a perfect fit. Most of all, customer service and the communication and help was exceptional!
B00593IES8 great sweats.. very comfortable super happy with these pants.. very soft and comfortable.. the fit is great.. wear these all the time.. puma makes a great product.. will buy again
B00593IZ78 Very nice pants! I purchased this pants a few weeks ago, and I am very happy with them. They are very comfortable, soft, fresh, one of my favorites one!
B00593XHS0 Never met a Puma I did not like This pumas are totally fly.  My son (6) gets lots of compliments on these sneakers.  As usual they run a 1/2 size to a full size smaller than your Nike sneakers.  They are lightweight and comfortable. Awesome. Velcro is a godsend, he can out then on and is ready to go.Just wipe that sticky soda off, clean again.
B00593Z8QO 5 stars! I love it! THa package came kind of slow, but they are in perfect condition, well made and were wrapped really good. My daughter looks lovely in it and they feel good while she walks as well.It is worth the money!
B00593Z8QO Love It We couldnt' find these Puma's in my daughter's size at all in the stores.  She loves them and they're holding up well.  Great purchase.
B00593Z8QO Excellent!!! Great sneaker!!!. I bought this sneaker for my daughter. She loved! This sneaker is simply fantastic. Very well finished and fine. Highly recommended the product and the seller.
B00594CZLO One of my favorite shoes I really, really like these shoes. I have purchased two pairs. They are very cool looking and very unique. They hold up very well and I always wear them when traveling because they are very comfortable to do a lot of walking in. I am sure I will continue to buy them as long as they are on Amazon.
B00594D9E6 Comfortable shoes but cheap These are very comforatable shoes but very cheaply built.  Within two days the rubber part on the very bottom of the shoe (heal area) came unglued from the rest of the shoe and is flopping around.  I don't think I can return this now because I have been wearing them to work.  I should have returned them but I'm pretty sure it's too late.
B00594DEB4 good Product came on time is as appears in listing.  Now I have to wait to give it as a gift to find out if it fits and if  the shoe is comfortable for the receiver.
B00594DEB4 Fast delivery!!!! Very good service and well packaged!!  I can not believe with the  Thanksgiving mail lapse --this came so very fast!!
B00594DEB4 ROCKED These shoes rocked, they were comfy and fit perfect. Still have them after a while. Not really meant for standing for long hours or working out though.
B00594DGMQ My husband loved it I bought this for husband and he absolutely love this shoe! Its great for casual wear. The only problem that I had was that it stained too easily.
B00594DGMQ awesome... Shoes arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  They smell so new.  The packaging was also really cool.  They came in a puma bag made with recycled materials and the shoes are really comfortable...not to mention pimp looking.Nice...
B00594DGMQ cool shoes! my son found these here on amazon and asked for them for christmas.  he loves them!  they are good looking, a nice change from a plain white sneaker.  he says they are very comfortable and true to size.  he is a drummer and they are great for drumming!
B00594DGMQ Nick's shoes I bought this shoe for my son who is very fashion conscious.  He really loves them and wears them all the time.  I wished they had more support and tread to them, particularly as he wears them all day at school.  Also I wish they came with instructions on how to clean them.
B00594DGMQ Not comfortable The tongue of one leg was quite uncomfortable for me, so had to return them. If it wasn't for the tongue, I wouldn't though.
B00594DXK6 awesome!!!!!! these boots are great, thinking about getting them in black!! I will be looking forward to buying more from the Puma brand.
B00594DXK6 Great Style It is a great style.  I enjoy the brand, this is unique.  It does take some getting &#34;breaking-in.&#34;  I would not exchange or get rid of it however. I like the fit now, even if it's a bit to lace up.  Thanks PUMA.
B00594E6ES Great shoe Worth the money, product was exactly as expected.Extremely comfortable and well made. Easy to walk in and occasionally trot in.
B00594E6ES Loving them These shoes are amazingly comfortable!!!! I bought them for husband and he advised that h feels as if he is walking on clouds
B00594E6ES Awesome shoes. Comfortable. Looks pretty cool. I get compliments on these guys all the time. Pretty cheap too! Only thing that's a bummer is when the white bottom gets scuffed up but you're going to get that with every shoe.
B00594EDNM Nice shoes It was a gift for my sister and she uses constantly these shoes and still looking new....very confortable shoes !!!
B00594EDNM Shoe well made, Not as much cushioning of the sole These PUMA shoes look great, are well made and comfortable for everyday use. The only negative is that I expected better cushioning at the sole.
B00594EDNM Nice shoes! This is a nice shoe for the price.They are pretty true to size. They seemed rather tight when I first put them on and even said I was going to return them but my husband advised me to wear them for a day in the house. This did the trick, they were pretty comfortable after that.
B00594EIIC Gangster look These shoes will have a lot of people looking at your feet. If u go into a barber shop almost garanteed to get a compliment.
B00594EP1M Very comfortable Great fit, true to size and they are so cute! I love these in silver. They look mostly grey and the silver is not crazy shiny or to blingy. Perfect.
B00594EP1M Puma Zandy review these are very comfortable, easy to walk in right away, no breaking in and I will probably buy more from Puma.  Have been wearing Sketchers for years but prefer the Puma for shape and fit.
B00594F20U Legen wait for it... Dary! it's amazing! it's also very durable. I had mine for about 4 years, so very reliable for me and awesome!
B00594F444 Wonderful! These shoes are excellent and so light! I bought these for work and they are perfect! They are slightly dressy, yet sporty and comfortable enough to walk in all day long.
B00594F444 Cute, but I get blisters These shoes are so pretty in person. They're sporty and well-made while still having a feminine touch. I ordered a 7.5 because I normally wear 8s when I wear shoes with socks and try to get 7.5 when I won't be wearing socks. When I do this, they usually fit a lot better and don't give me blisters. Unfortunately despite the fact that these fit me, they still give me blisters on the backs of my ankles. I thought I just had to break them in, but I've worn them multiple times and they still give me blisters.
B00594F5NO Perfect thanks! My wife loved these shoes and they fit perfect. I was afraid they were going 2 be too big but they weren't. Thanks again.
B00594FHRI Very nice! Bought this for my mother, she's very happy with them, very fashion, materials are fine and they seem very comfty!
B00594FHRI Dress shoes you can actually wear These shoes are a fantastic compromise if you need to dress business-casual, or wear a suit, but cant stand the horrible bricks that people call "dress shoes".The styling is subtle and classy, and will pass with just about any outfit.  they are as comfortable as you would expect from any puma.  They are great for driving, and will save your feet if you are standing or walking around all day.if they feel a bit tight at first, give them a few days, once broken in they will fit like a glove.Ditch the clown shoes, get something practical and comfortable that works with any dress-code.
B00594KXKO JUAN Recomendado 100% originales, Casual y confortable sobre todo a la moda, super resistentes y ideal para cualquier edad desde un joven hasta abuelos.
B005955L7I Great to wear around the house or even sometimes out. Easy enough to just slip on without putting over your heel but also nice enough to wear out.Defidently recommended
B00595GTJM Flexible, easy to pack I love these shoes!  They are flexible, fit in most purses and are sturdy enough for tromping around city streets and cobble stone parks.  I use them for getting to and from work to save wear and tear on my favorite heels.
B00595GTJM Comfy & cute A great ballet flat that seems to run about 1/2 size large. They go well with business trousers or casual weekend wear. My only complaint is that the suede fades on your feet, but hopefully that will lessen in time.
B00595HUJA Great shoes. Ive been wearing them for a couple of months now. They hold up. They are comfortable. The lil' bit of blue is bright, yet not obnoxious. I would recomend them. I am now looking for the exact same shoe except with red instead of blue.
B00595IT2W So comfortable! Just got these shoes yesterday and they are so cute and stylish. I wore them to work today for an almost 9 hour shift and they are very comfortable. They are lightweight and super flexible. The sole is thin so I wouldn't recommend them for running or other athletics but they suit my purpose wonderfully. Very nice product!
B00595JAYI Slick! These have an extremely smart appearance and are also very comfortable. the smooth leather upper and chrome collar and heel plate make them look sporty and dressy simultaneously. This is a fantastic shoe!
B00595JAYI Beautiful sneakers! Wow! I just recently bought this beautiful sneakers and I can't describe with words how comfortable and beautiful they are. I really love the design and the Ferrari Logo shown in one side of each shoe. Love it!
B00595JO44 Holding up superbly! About a month of hard usage and my Puma Easy Riders are still holding up superbly and looking great! These shoes are quite comfortable from the box and only get better with age. The pair I purchased before these survived a year of framing carpentry and only got replaced due to sole wear. Not a single busted stitch or seam. Thank you Puma!
B00595JO44 Puma Easy Rider Great shoes! Wore them all the time 25-30 years ago then couldn't find them anymore. Sure glad I found these though, they're very comfortable to walk in.
B00595JOOY Awesome Sneaker This sneaker is really nice. Standard leather materials! Like it!!! I would recommend it to anyone who like beautiful thing.
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano V Comfortable shoes. Not for people with wide feet. The leather on the shoe is suede so judge accordingly, so far I have had no issues after owning the shoes for a month and wearing them in the winter.
B00595JOOY it dosent look like in image The shape is not looking good as image and the other brands are comfort with same size but it is not comfortable
B00595JOOY Four Stars Love it
B00595JOOY Love these Love Pumas and they make some really good shoes that is not just comfortable but stylish too. Looks really good compared to the picture they have here. Gonna get the black ones too.
B00595JOOY I like the sneaker I'm 64 years old. I like the sneaker. I took a chance on something new & different. I am very pleased with my choice.
B00595JOOY Smarter than your average sneaks For a dressy alternative to sneakers, check these kicks out. These casual shoes bring together sporty style and cutting-edge. like it
B00595JOOY very elegant and sporty at the same time very nice looking shoes,I love it,accurate description,very good price,I recommended very much,just in time for the holidays,build in very strong material
B00595JOOY Not bad but not great. A bit pointy hope it opens up a little with wear. I also hope it softens find its stiff. Leather so it should .
B00595JOOY Pointed toe Great construction, but the shape of the shoe has something to be desired.  If you want pointy shoes, go with these
B00595JOOY Buy 1/2 size up and break them in These are comfortable shoes and can be worn as very casual business casual.  Good to walk around in and made of tough leather.  I can't give them 5 star because I usually wear much more expensive shoes (mostly driver moccasins) which are more comfortable.  However these serve the purpose for which I purchased them and that is to wear around and &#34;beat up on&#34; a little and still look like they have some style.  As the other reviews state, buy 1/2 size larger and they will still be a little snug, but they will stretch and become quite comfortable.  I am considering getting a second pair in black.
B00595JOOY Awesome shoes!! Very cool shoes! I bartend in these and they keep me compfy thru my entire shift. Plus they are nice enuff to go out in after. Solid buy :)
B00595JOOY Great shoe Great and sharp looking - a bit unique.  very comfortable and appears to be well made though I only have had them a week, would readily recommend them.  Extremely comfortable and at home with a causal slack, jeans, whatever. G
B00595JOOY Good It's perfect very good description thx!!!
B00595JOOY Comfortable and attractive shoe These shoes I noticed were comfortable from my first wear.  No break in period necessary.  ANd quite attractive as well. Nice thread make them nice for a variety of terrain
B00595JOOY cool looking, light weight very nice shoe, use it for travelling, very lightweight, easy on and off.. got compliments on how cool it looks.
B00595JOOY Stylish and comfortable I wear these shoes at the office and the &#34;kids&#34; (the people in their 20's I work with, the ones with the tattoos and the 10 facial piercings) like them, so I must have picked the right pair.  I really like the red stripe on the heel, it's a great design choice.
B00595JOOY Four Stars fit perfect,
B00595JOOY LOVE IT I bought this for my husband as one of his Christmas gifts, he wears it every day! it comfortable and looks great! Fits as expected, my husband has a wide foot.
B00595JOOY Stylish I have got tons of compliments on these shoes and they are my go to in decisions on bordering formal in a business casual outfit. The leather has stretched out on me and I do not have a comfortable grip to my ankle.
B00595JOOY Very Tight Fitting Not happy with these shoes, they are more like 10.5 US in my opinion. I wish companies would give specific details on the size of the actual shoe not some ballpark figure.
B00595JOOY Just right in width But a little long.
B00595JOOY Vedano Purchased to use for business casual dress. Purchased half size larger than I would have normally based on other reviews - seems to be good advice. Time will tell how they hold up. So far so good.
B00595JOOY Nice shoes It is a comfortable and fashionable sneaker...recommend it highly.
B00595JOOY Coveat Emptor....... I was hoping to be happy with my purchase, but much to my dismay, they did not fit. This review is not to discourage anyone from buying these shoes, it is to advise you of doing a little home work first
B00595JOOY Perfect product I received the package soon and it was perfect. I really loved it. Colors, materials, size and quality were exactly than photo
B00595JOOY Excellent Great as both casual and dress.Well built and if as durable as my other puma will be long lasting.Consider ordering a half size bigger than usual as some people have found them to have a close fit
B00595JOOY Great Service! Great Product! These are my husband's favorite shoes! I really wanted to give them to him for Christmas, and I was able to because of the speedy deliver! I am very happy with the product and the service!
B00595JOOY Good All right, good model of shoes, good material and very comfortable. Product recommended. It was what I expected and I agree.
B00595JOOY Nice shoes for casual/dress !! Feels slightly tight. I ordered my actual size and they feel on the smaller side but I'm still breaking them in. Just so you know...They are a little pointy but still look very nice !! Love them! I would recommend them 100%! Just make sure you get 1/2 bigger and see how it goes. You still get free returns if you must.... !
B00595JOOY Worth every penny I usually wear 11 so I ordered a 12 as other reviewers suggested and it fits great and feels comfortable walking with it .
B00595JOOY Great choice This is a lovely item, its stylish, comfortable, just as described. I got a great deal on it too. I would recommend it to anyone.
B00595JOOY excellent There awesome..need to get them5 stars............get them grey looks good on everything..thanks amazon ur the best...go pumas verdano ok ok ok
B00595JOOY Alternate shoes for casual Fridays at work. Comfortable and stylish. They are easy to wear. I would recommend this item. It arrived on time and new as advertised.
B00595JOOY Very light and comfortable The sole is a very thin layer so if you step in dirt, it'll be on the leather's edge every time so you might want to consider that.
B00595JOOY not the best puma's I have bought I didn't realize the puma logo on the front was a metal cast - a little tacky, and the way is fastens looks like it will soon be a problem. look sleek
B00595JOOY stylish very stylish shoes. they're almost dress casual sneakers.
B00595JOOY Great shoe for business casual offices Lets be honest, most bosses aren't going to care what you wear on your feet as long as it looks business-esque. These are comfortable, look great, and the price point is solid. Get them a half size up. I'm a 10.5 and an 11 fits just right.
B00595JOOY I love it Good product
B00595JOOY Puma Cool shoes and even though I'm not the type who makes purchases for comments a few people have mentioned they liked 'em as well. I don't wear these on a daily basis and I've only had 'em for a couple months but they're holding up pretty good so far.
B00595JOOY Super Sweet These shoes are sooooo sweet. In fact , I just ordered the black. Make sure you get a size bigger than normal because they run smaller. Unbelievably comfortable and light weight. Definitely the most comfortable shoes Ive ever put on. A must have. Pumas rock. Enjoy!!!
B00595JOOY Great look and feel This was money well spent I will recommend it to all my friends the look and feel is just Awesome.
B00595JOOY Great fit, comfortable. Durability a concern I have really enjoyed these shoes. They fit the role I was looking for: Comfortable, stylish, and could help me catch a bus if needed.The one thing I don't really like is that the leather around the outside toe area tends to make contact with the ground and get scuffed. Worse yet, the corners of some of the flaps start to come loose where they attach just above the rubber. I have repaired this a couple times with super glue. If the rubber reached more around the edges, I would love this shoe even more and purchasing it again would be a no-brainer.
B00595JOOY Fits well. Looks great. Fits well. Looks great. Like the inconspicuous mono-tone/color styling, Hardly notice it is puma. Upper leather is soft. Tempted to get a the brown till.
B00595JOOY Great Product Light and contour with my feet.one two three four five six seven eight nine ten. Sorry required enough words.
B00595JOOY Nice and comfy These are really nice shoes. They are comfortable. I got them at a really good price. I would recommend them to any of my friends.
B00595JOOY Five Stars Nice and confortable.  I love them.
B00595PMRM Look nice, not comfortable So i've owned these sneakers for several months now and I have mixed feelings about them. I always love Puma sneakers and usually buy their brand because of the satisfactory work of them, these are no exception as far as looks...they look great... The downside to all of this is that they are terribly uncomfortable, if i wear these for more than an hour my feet begin to kill (and yes they are the right size). All in all they are a good look but not the most comfortable.
B00595PMRM awesome retro awesome retro- none better.;....... i've had this shoe off and on for over 30 years glad to find it again!!!! way to go Amazon buyers!!!!
B00599CUSW very cute My feet are very confortable on this, also my foot looks tiny and shaped. I love them! I used them for running and climbing! they are good!
B00599CWYO excellent!! the product is excellent, are comfortable and soft, and the measure are very exactly. the invoice process and logistic was perfect, no problems, was receive to time.
B00599E1GQ I like it really These shoes met my expectations even though I were a little tight. however, I can say that they are durable and good for indoor soccer...
B00599EKWQ Comfortable Greetings from Ecuador,Super fabulous shoes are super comfortable, great, the color is excellent.The perfect size and cheap.I've used it to run on cement, and has served me great without the tips.Something that limit is reached I do not complete the tips I came 11, no 12, but the truth is not so if they sent Pc or the journey to get here was a problem Ecuador and lost.Recommendation to pc vendors is to put a totally closed box, that box had slits and there ends can fall.I recommend this product they buy, are well comfortablethank you very much
B0059A04A2 Love the Sneaker/Dress Flat Combo! The Zandy Shine Ballet Slipper take me from yoga, to the store, to work in a high school and look good everywhere I go.  They are comfortable, true to size, and feel like comfy slippers to me.I used to wear high heels to work everyday and decided to start taking care of my feet a little more.  I'm not a 'flat' lover, but I am a Puma lover.  So I ordered these in hopes of getting happy feet and cute shoes.I like the different fabric/finishes on these.  I get compliments every time I wear them to work.  People are shocked they are Pumas and not some fancy dress flat.
B0059AY18I This gets all the hugs. When I wear this hoodie, I get all the hugs.It's really soft and cozy, and guys hang on me when I wear it, cuz it's warm. This does excellent things for my ego, to say the least.
B0059AY18I Awesome Hoody This Puma hoody is flat out sweet.  Awesome colors, great fabrics, ect... . If you're looking for a comfortable and stylish hoody, this is it.
B0059BE484 wonderful shoes - out of production I feel lucky to have found this shoe still available.  They are great shoes. Not sure why Puma quit making them.
B0059BE484 puma drift cat sneakers My husbands likes these for the comfort and the velcro fastener.  For him, they are true to size.  He has had so many compliments on them.  We would recommend them.
B0059BG5J0 Love these Shoes I love these shoes, I get tons of compliments about them. They look great, feel great, and don't wear down very fast. The sole is very soft and it's lasting a long time.
B0059BH6H0 Great red sneakers Very comfortable and don't look like any sport type sneaker. Just what I was looking for at  great price..Got black and red laces also to go with the sneaks.
B0059BHAKS Sleek, sophisticated and comfortable I just unboxed this shoe and I was pleasantly surprised with how nice they look in person. I usually end up sending shoes back when I buy them online because the materials or finish don't live up to the photo. I tried them on and right away they were super comfortable, no need to break them in like some styles of pumas.Detailing looks great and the fit is spot on if you've worn Puma's before. No telling how they're going to hold up, the toe is suede and was a little dusty coming out the box so if you're about keeping your sneakers fresh for a long time that's a gamble.The shoelaces are one of the great details that you don't see in the photos but definitely make it a treat when you get them in hand. Definitely worth it for being more expensive than run of the mill Pumas (around 60 bucks).
B0059BHAKS Grreat Happy to have got them every place else was out of stock , thus pricing was all over the board. , great shoes
B0059BIXTU Got sucked in.... Extremely bulky, making me look incredibly goofey.Doesn't match the photo, looks a lot darker... I think it should have been selling for atleast half the price it's pitching right now. I suggest anyone who likes fitting shoes to NOT BUY THIS.
B0059BIXTU awesome Not much to say other than these shoes are both stylish and extremely comfy. I wouldn't say they are cheap but they are somewhat fairly priced.
B0059BIXTU Good Buy These shoes were comfy straight out of the box! They're simple and go along with any outfit (and we all know how important style and comfort are to a girl) I was really impressed with the price as well. Usually Puma's or any other name brand items are higher priced but these were realistically priced (:Definitely would recommend these!
B0059BIXTU Love 'em We had a SNAFU with the first order but the replacement came "next day" and was perfect! Super happy with whole process - issues and all.
B0059BIXTU Love These Pumas These are super cute, and remind me of the Pumas I wore in the 90's. I bought the gray pair. They are a light gray with a dark gray stripe. For me my regular size fit perfectly. Admittedly I did not shop around. I like to order from Amazon if I can, because returns are so easy. They are so cute I almost do not want to wear them!
B0059BIXTU Super comfy This sneaker runs true to size,very cute ,light and fashionable,you can't feel them in your feet :), promptly delivered ,I highly recommend them!
B0059BJES4 Will look good for guys too! i'm a guy and still looks ordinary as any men's shoe. it's just like the suede but a little slimmer all around. i'm a size 9.5 mens and ordered an 11 women on the puma website and it fits perfectly! so if you're a guy, don't hesitate to grab this one, doesn't look that feminine at all!
B0059BJES4 Love it! &#60;3 they're so comfortable and I literally started wearing them as soon as I got them. Definitely would tell people to get this.
B0059BJES4 These are my favorite sneaker. Own them in many colors! I suffer with various foot problems and finding the perfect shoe is difficult. I found the Puma sneaker and loved them so much that I purchased 5 more pairs in various colors. Love these and the purple color is gorgeous!
B0059BJR3Q A MUST purchase! Super comfy, super stylish & super light weight. The most comfy boots I have ever worn, no need to break them down, & if you want to tuck your jeans in, there is a lot of room!! I have slender athletic calves, but if you have difficulty finding a good fit for your calves this would be the one! It is truly worth $200!
B0059BK29O Comfy Everyday Boots These are great!  Comfortable but still stylish looking.  Fold tops down or keep them up - both looks are nice.
B0059BK8HA Great Quality - Very Warm & Comfy! These boots are very comfortable and warm in Michigan winter! The only negative comment I can make is that they are a bit tight in the instep area...
B0059BK8HA "Winter" not WINTER boot This is a fine &#34;winter&#34; boot - when your definition of winter is moderate snow and above zero temperatures.  It's very comfortable, easy to slip on & off, and super light weight.However, it is not a WINTER boot if you're in subfreezing temperatures and/or in a lot of snow a lot of the year - and the description of a great outer sole for durable traction was written by someone with a good sense of humor - there is very weak traction and I slip and slide a lot in these bad boys when there's wet snow and/or ice.
B0059BK8HA Best boot I ever had! Got the shipping box last night, it was so super LIGHT that I was not even expecting my PUMA boots were in the box (thought it was something else that I ordered)!! Wore them to work today - it was raining and cold out this morning, my feet are completely dry and warm! I never wrote any review for any product before, but got to say something about this one! Good boots.
B0059BK8HA Exactly what she wanted! I bought these for my girlfriend and they were exactly what she wanted.  She received so many compliments the first day she wore them, she was very happy.  The fit was as expected and they are warm.  We've only had snow once to test them out but so far they work well.
B0059BK8HA wrong sizing, watch out Bought a 9 since I'm a 9 always.  Double checked the sizing table, and it was fine.  However, when they arrived, they were 0.5 cm shorter (25.5 cm instead of 26), so they ended up being small.  Had to sell them to a friend since returning them to US was so expensive.  Furthermore, I was charged almost 60 USdoll when the boots arrived home.  Will double think next time I buy boots from Puma.  I bought other shoes before from amazon and no complaints until this. The boots look pretty, though.
B0059BLK9K great service fast delivery for a fast shoe. the faas 400 is super lightweight. Previously the lightest shoe i had was the kobe 5's..while those are still very light...the faas 400 makes them feel like ankle weights. the shoes are soft and very flexible, couldnt ask for more, especially for the price.
B0059CA9TG SMOOTH AND ATTRACTIVE PERFORMANCE SHORTS Perfect, just perfect for working in the garden. They wear like iron, don't bind, ride up or reveal too much. Us oldies need something suave to do something active besides water plants. Wonderful to not be cut off at the gulch when you have a few extra pounds. Like control garment but much more suave.
B0059CEZL4 Exactly what I expected The hoodie is good quality, looks exactly like the pictures, and is exactly what I expected.  Nice logo, arrived packaged well, arrived quickly.
B0059CEZL4 Good Hoodie I was looking to buy a Puma Hoodie without paying the Puma price like anyone else on Amazon. This item arrived a day early which was a place and it was exactly as described. I'm 5'9 185 and i got a large and it fits perfect. My only complaint is that it's thin. Not like most my other ones that are thicker, i find that if it's too cold i have to wear another jacket over it. So great product just not really heavy duty
B0059CFPX6 &#22826;&#20415;&#23452;&#20102;&#65292;&#21482;&#26159;&#20080;&#22823;&#20102;-&#26446;&#26230;&#26230; Lasted for two weeks from the U.S. to China.  It took me $20.12, very cheap products broken code.This dress is too large for me.
B0059CGEHC GREAT WORK OUT MATERIAL ZIPPERS AT ANKLE CREATING EASY ACCESS IN AND OUT OF THESE. WAIST POCKET AT CENTER OF THE BACK (SMALLER PCOKET) TO HOLD KEYS WHILE RUNNING. REFLECTIVE STRIPS FOR NIGHT RUNNING. EASY AND COMFORTABLE FIT. BREATHES EASY. I WEAR THESE TIGHTS TO PLAY TENNIS AND RUN.
B0059ED28Y Perfect! Items and transaction perfect! Just what I was looking for. This is the way Amazon should always work! Thank You!
B005ADO2U6 It does NOT have alarm-feature, chronograph or timer as announced. But it's stylish! I bought this watch to use it mainly at gym. Timer was a very important feature for me, but when I received it, I found out that it does not have the features announced. But at least, it shows its seconds when you press the "MODE" button. Pressing once, it shows date and then turns back to hour / minute display. If you press twice, it shows seconds. And only when you press the third time it goes back to hour and minute display. The set button is only for you to set date and time. It does not has alarm. And about the light... the display gets blue and the puma icon gets red. It is still very stylish.
B005ADO2X8 One Star doesn't have an alarm or lap counter.
B005ADO2X8 No timer, lap counter, or alarm The watch is very comfortable but does not have &#34;Count-down timer, lap counter, alarm&#34; as advertised.  I've already contacted the seller to bring this to their attention.  I was given a refund for part of the purchase price so I'm satisfied with the customer service but I'm disappointed to see that the description of the product has not changed.
B005ADO31O Great product. Looks great, works great. No problems thus far. Light weight. Water resistant. Sporty look. Makes a nice gift as well :)
B005ADO31O Great for Vision Issues or Learning to Tell Time My son had a surgery that impaired his vision (not the reason for the surgery obviously).  He needs larger text and needs to start telling time.  This watch is absolutely perfect.  I do wish the digital formation of some of the numbers (say the &#34;2&#34;s) were better, but all in all, it's exactly what we needed.
B005ADO31O Simple, yet comfortable Wanted a digital watch for casual wear and came across this while randomly trawling Amazon. Liked the combination of simple design and colour, and haven't changed my mind now that it's arrived.The child in me also loves the fact that the Puma lights up when you turn on the backlight!
B005ADO31O Sleek! Super light and super sleek! I love how the Puma lights up when you press the &#34;light&#34; button. The font is nice, big, and easy to read!
B005ADO31O Excellent! A good gadget, very very light, with a very good presentation, good size, simple but useful, recommended especially for sports.
B005ADO4AE Doesnt Keep Time It never keeps time but very comfortable and lightweight! Its made out of rubber material which makes the white easy to clean which i like. Overall I think it is okay.
B005ADO4GI Just Great!!! I was a little uncertain about whether this would fit well in my wrist, but I got positively surprised when I tried it on and it really looks real cool! Recommend it to everyone.
B005ADO4IQ Not for active people The side buttons are too sensitive. This watch was constantly resetting itself because the buttons were bumped. Not for people who are active.
B005ADO7ME Love the Look and Feel...however it does reset itself and you need to enter the time and date too often for my liking. If it wasn't so comfortable, I'd rate it a lot lower.
B005ADO7QU Light was not working I received the package on time and was thrilled with the product.  Only downside is that the light wasn't working.  As the product was received in the States when I was on business trip, I didn't return it due to lack of time to do so.
B005ADOAC6 Like the style not sure about functionality I wanted a sports watch I could use to work out and time my runs.Although it has a timer and apparently you can keep track of your laps/miles, I can't figure out how to review the times once complete. I'm not happy with the lack of functionality and would return if I hadn't already worn it.
B005ADOAD0 Simple, usefull The size is perfect for men. IT is too simple but useful with light, alarm and cronometer. Great relation with price.
B005ADOAJE my wife loves it i bought it for my wife and she loves it! original product, highly recommended. simple sport watch, but very clear and pretty.
B005ADOAJE Not the right product I did not receive the watch that I picked out just like the other reviews on here.  I took a chance on it still and was not happy.  Only reason I kept it was because my wife was still happy with it.
B005ADOAJE beautiful An excellent sports watch, the color quite appealing to the youth of today, I liked a lot and recommend it to everyone that looks cute to use besides being a useful tool for every human being.
B005ADOB9S Worth the money Love love only down fall is the white gets grungy quick. I do love it has a light I do love it beeps once on the hour and I love it's water proof
B005ADOB9S I like it This was for a gift and I got a great feed back from her, she is very pleased, so me too
B005ADOB9S a little hard to read in daylight, but otherwise very nice looks good, is actually waterproof, and inexpensive. The only negative is that the blue tint makes it a little hard to read in some lighting conditions. Bought it as a gift for my wife, who seems to go through watches like salted peanuts. She likes it A LOT, which means that I like it a lot, too.
B005ADOBAC Great Looks very cool and fits right on my wrist. I loved it. I got it for $26 bucks it was a good deal. Wasn't it?
B005ADOBAC Hard to read Its harder to read than it appears in the picture above but, overall, fits comfortably but nothing to rave about.
B005ADOBAC Wedding Gift for Bible Bearer WE gave this gift to my little brother when we got married, he was the Bible Bearer.  He LOVED it!
B005ADOBFM puma g r e a t p u m a w a t c h f o r m e n i love it
B005ADOBFM my wife is very happy! She love it this wacht!. My wife is athlete and wanted this clock, is now very happy! Thank you very much.
B005ADOBFM beautiful! Perfect size,  very comfortable, is so light that you don't feel you are wearing it. Unique colors! I absolutely recommend it!
B005ADOBFM Colorful Sportwatch Classy and unique look.  I have received plenty of compliments regarding its appearance.  I do have a couple of issues with function.  First of all I wish it would subtract splits like most ironman watches do.  I also do not understand why the timer needs to be reset with every use.  It does not save your timer setting and you can not simply reset and restart the timer.  If you want functionality go with an ironman.
B005ADOBFM A lot of compliments ! I have gotten a lot of compliments on this watch ! I love to use it when I go to the gym because it has a nice size and it is very comfortable !
B005ADOBGQ Great Super lightweight, excellent product and love the orange in the face. I use it everyday for my work. I just have one disappoint with the number when the sun reflect itt.
B005ADOBGQ i would say is 5 stars if i would tell you how it was if i ever got it it said was going to be here April 25 it is now the 28 i need before may 5 normal i don't care how long it takes but when i need it as soon as i can a no show i need for my job so i can cheek the time and not  have too use my cell phone oh well is ok i don't hate amazon for it been late is the truck is in fault i just would like to know if it is still on is way and was not took by someone or the even the truck driver would take things as long as i get it how long it takes is ok but as far as the watch is cool works great look at friend of mines is just what i was looking for if gets here ok later
B005ADOCQK Excellent...!!! I think the Puma brand is excellent.... this watch not far behind, is made of very good material and design is excellent
B005ADOCQK Minha opinio bom custo bebeficio,saiu tudo perfeito.Entrega dentro do prazo.Grande facilidade para comprar.O site oferece um bom acompanhamento da compra.Senti falta apenas da Nota Fiscal.
B005ADOCQK nice product for the cost If you are looking for a simple, yet sporty watch...this is a good fit.  I coach soccer and this is perfect for me to wear when coaching.  It does sit pretty high up on my wrist and sometimes gets caught on things, but other than that...I really like it.
B005ADOCQK Great Buy I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday and he totally loves and cherishes it! I don't regret making this purchase since I love puma products! Even came with a warranty. How sweet!
B005ADOCQK No complaints at all. Face scratches easy. Granted all inexpensive watches do. Everything else on this has been flawless and I've been wearing it out hunting, fishing, mountain biking, weight lifting, at the shooting range, out running, and every day in the jail (I'm a corrections officer). The band shows no signs of cracking and the white is still very much bright white. No real complaints at all!
B005ADOCQK Five Stars GREAT
B005ADOCQK As expected Works great, love the look and feel of it. Feels solid and definitely know it won't be breaking any time soon.
B005ADOCQK price is right It's a good watch and very simple too. Everything work the way i expected too. I would recommend this product to someone only if u a simple guy like me.
B005ADOCV0 My wife love it I bought it for my wife, and she loves it. It is so pretty and the price was reasonable. Thanks.
B005ADOCV0 Good, nice and pretty Nice, simple, and delicate, excelente to a present of a nice, doughter, wife, girldfriend, good size and water resist i'm recomended
B005ADODZK Comfortable and easy to use I am pregnant and have to monitor my heart rate and I read many reviews.  While polar was the only one I knew, I don't have time to be without this if the battery dies and to have to ship it out to replace the battery is crazy.Puma had great reviews and this has everything I need and it works great.  The alarm is not obnoxious either when you are below your set low or above your high.  Highly recommend!
B005ADODZK love it! I could never get the machines to read my heart rate at the gym and this is perfect for me! not to mention, the machines pick up my heart rate from this a lot of the time too!
B005ADODZK Wife loves it! I bought this for my wife because she had to monitor her heart beat while jogging.  It is accurate and she loves it.  The strap on the chest should be moist so it could read right!
B005ADODZK peace of mind After my mother's third heart attack it was very important that we were made aware constantly of her heart rate and with the alarm that goes off if she pushes herself too hard, its really given my mother a better peace of mind, she is less stressed now that she's constantly updated of her heart rate.
B005ADODZK did not work for me I could not get it to read my heart rate, I tried several times on both wrists but couldn't get it to work.  Had to return it.
B005ADOG7U good product! This very nice and good material. Is fairly light, is great to take to the gym because it is very comfortable.
B005ADOHQ0 My wife loved it Mother's Day hit with the wife! She plays tennis and likes the white color, many people notice it and compliment her.
B005ADOHZG Very nice. And VERY nice strap. Does not look too big despite being large. Quite nice, especially at this price point. Hefty, well made. I should note that the lense's shading is a bit darker than the picture makes it appear - at least indoors. All the functions work properly, and the crown feels solid when manipulating it to set the time. Had to adjust the home position on the 10th/sec (top) subdial when it arrived, but it was easily done. The strap is actually very very nice, they should picture it. Quality, dense rubber material, brushed belt-buckle style clasp with the Puma cat logo etched into it, and a little stainless plate at the tip end of the strap, also with the Puma cat. Well worth it at under $100.00.
B005ADOJBI nice wacht convines perfect all caind of clothes!! Amazing wacht very nice to use convined whit all caind of tim&eacute; that you need it i invited you to buy these &iacute;tem
B005ADOKFI Ok Types I bought it and returned it because I didn't like it. Dial is decent but I didn't like the strap and I guess there are better watches out there in this price.
B005ADOKFI Awsome Its a great whatch, it seems smaller than it really is, but i loved it. Would recoment. Very good deal. Arrived well and fast!
B005ADOKFI Simple but nice It's simple and neat lookin timepiece ...Stylish with sporty casual attire pleasent lookin clothes..very comfy to the hand too..One of my favorite ..
B005AGVORC confortable Is a comfortable shoe, do not bother or tired, it is excellent for long walks and very light when doing any aerobic exercise or when you run, also looks great with the sports apparel
B005AP8T5S Love these shoes Comfortable, true to size, cute and hard to find. They were a bit pricey but made well so I think they will last a long time.
B005AQ46EK PERFECT lounge/sweat pants! I absolutely love these pants, soft, low waist but not too low to where my underwear show when I bend over. Stylish with sneakers and a hoodie,  I am 5'7 and they are PERFECT length. I wish they had more colors!
B005AQ46EK Puma Fleece pants I liked this pants allot. They are warm and soft, not too long and not too short. Also the waist line is low or maybe medium low, just the way I like it. So I am very pleased with this pants.
B005AYAJEI Good stuff i have a 35 W but I still bought a medium size pack and they all fit me well. shipping was fast and I have nothing to complain.
B005AYAJEI Too Crummy Too large, too loose, too chintzy, too just slapped (licensed out) the name to any low level manufacturing component of the business model's supply chain.Crapola. That's all. I take the hit.They will last 8-10 weeks max. The laundry destroys 'em. Waistband is gonzo. Labels are melted from my mellow old dryer.Et Cetera.Then they will get the honor of serving their country as oil dip stick rags in the milk carton in the trunk of my 2010 Jeep.
B005B2H1FE cheap in 14, stylish, and functional...buy em These are great got them for about 50 bucks and they don't seem to be wearing hard or really much at all.  Even the cleat like bottoms don't wear bad even on asphalt.  very comfy and light, but they do get wet easily inside if any water gets on them, that's alright though becuase they are so breathable you can feel the breeze with every step.  the laces get a little bushy but because they are nice and soft they always stay tied unlike cord like laces.  Get em if you find em for around 50 bucks great summer shoe love em on hikes every step sure and comforting even in the dark cause i can feel everything...like a cat man!
B005B2H1FE Look great, good fit, perfect price. I wear size 13 and these are just a tad snug for my liking. At $30 though I'm perfectly fine with it and with the cloth there is some give. They are comfortable and the red popping off the grey is eye catching and compliment inducing. The price more than makes up for the snugness so 5/5
B005B2H1FE Over priced. Over priced by 50% as a Puma store in Petaluma was selling the same shoes at 50% off. I made a claim to you but received no response.
B005B2H1FE Quite comfortable This sneaker feels very lightweight and comfortable. Rated 4 stars because only one set of laces supplied. I would have liked a pair of navy laces as well. Not a big deal anyway. I highly recommend them.
B005CAVWLY Definitely a lower version of the shoe Premium versions of soccer cleats conform to your feet quickly.  These are not the premium version they made blisters at two points on my ankle and have reopened the wounds each time I have worn them with about two weeks in between.  I am hoping these cleats stretch appropriately soon as they are clearly not the cleat I should have bought.  The listing does not in any way misrepresent this item, but I will never buy a cleat that doesn't have k-leather in it again.
B005CAYLM6 Poorly Made Shoes, Already Falling Apart... I received these shoes for Christmas for my indoor soccer league and have played in about 10 games.  As of now, the rubber sole on my shooting foot has already partially detached from the leather and will likely get much worse.  I only wear these to play games in, so I have not spent much time in then.  The shoe is fairly comfortable otherwise, but the shoddy construction means these shoes won't last much longer.  I would not recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a long term investment.
B005CAYLM6 puma powercat hh what can i say?i played just two match and they had destroyed!its not for actual footbal games,mayebe recreational use..
B005CB59N0 GOAAAL! I was hesitant at first to purchase these as I never tried them on before. I received these the next day following my order, and wow! By far, the best soccer cleats I can ever imagine having to kick the soccer ball around. Excellent traction, very light weight, comfortable and great quality.
B005CB59N0 Perfectly Fine Cleats I use these cleats for casual pickup soccer and they're great. Obviously they're the nicest cleats on the market, but they fit well and have a nice touch on the ball. They matched my standard shoe size fine, but I'm also just wearing thin socks when I play instead of normal soccer socks.
B005CB59N0 Delivered on time, fits well I haven't tested these out at a game yet, but the fit and comfort of these cleats are very good for the price. The build quality is good and the product arrived on time.
B005CB59N0 never got my order never got my order, only got an e-mail that it was damaged. do you think common sense tells you to re-order ......
B005CB59N0 Great cheaper cleats for a recreational player I just needed to get some cleats to play IM soccer this quarter and these came up as the cheaper option that my buddy recommended, and they fit and work great. I use them once a week and they were a good investment to have cleats around. Would recommend to anyone just looking for a pair of cleats to use recreationally.
B005CB59N0 If you met my expectations It's like I neededComplies with the provisionsIt is a good article and have recommended it to several friends
B005CB59N0 Puma PowerCat 4.12 Great product, amazing delivery time. I am 100% happy with my purchase, will definitely continue to buy through Amazon. The cleats look fantastic, have great grip and are very comfortable. I have used them so far for both soccer and football, and they work great, dribbling and sharp cuts are easy even in rain.
B005CB59N0 Cleats Needed cleats for a short-term soccer league. These fit perfect and the colors are goofy but cool. They are very comfortable and sturdy.
B005CB59N0 HUSBAND LOVED IT! I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES THEM. HE HAS WIDE FEET SO CLEATS DON'T USUALLY LAST HIM BUT THESE HAVE WITH STOOD THE PLAYING FIELD! I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE 1000%
B005CB59N0 light weight. Good feel It is light and has a good feel. My shots are better and it aids my quick switch in direction. I have only used it once so I cannot tell you about durability. Amazing for the price.
B005CBR5SM Great I use them quite a bit and from my experience I think they work well for the price, and I recommend them.
B005CBVO02 Slippery laces, could be more comfortable My fourteen year old son has been wearing these for about 6 games or so and says &#34;They're fine. But they could be more comfortable and the laces come untied a lot even when I double knot them.&#34;
B005CBVO02 Great Product No complaints on this order... Caught these on sale, which was a surprise, trying to find an affordable cleat at size 14 was a chore... Thanks amazon!
B005CCPVAK Great They fit well. Nice shoes for soccer! I can't wait to use them for the next outdoor season! Yes yes !
B005CCPVAK First pair of cleats that didn't take weeks to break in!! My daughter has had numerous soccer cleats and often it takes weeks to get them to stop giving her blisters.  She put them on for practice twice and a long weekend of tournament games and not a single problem!!
B005CCZBD2 No complaints These cleats fit well and feel comfortable.  They are true to size and the price seemed reasonable.  I wear them about once or twice per week during the fall and spring.  I've had them for 2 months, so far so good.  I don't know how they'll feel a year from now but I expect they'll hold up well.
B005CHSH3S Just do it Just good when I run and sprint at all time. I think this is only for professional player wants to be a best
B005CK2B14 GREAT LOVE IT, IS OK, MY SON LOVE IT TOO, VERY GOOD, NICE, I REMEMBER TO GUILLERMO VILAS, VERY NICE PRODUCT
B005CK2B14 very nice easy cleaning they came in a cust red bag box thingy .... where i live its snowy wet and muddy outside these shoe are vbery easy to clean and look brand new i like these plan on getting more in other colors..
B005CK4QE4 excelente dsdsds dsdsd sdsd dsdsd sdsdsd sdsd sdsds sdsd sds sdsd ds sdsds sd sdssd sdds sdsd sd sdsd sds dsd
B005CK4QE4 Cutest shoes ever These shoes are so cute.  I love them and my daughter wears them all the time.  I love them so much that I have purchased them in 4 sizes up so she can keep wearing them as she grows.
B005CK4QE4 Puma sneaker I absolutely love them so did my son. They are comfortable and are stylish for my son. That's all ye wants to wear! Great service.
B005CK4QE4 Nice shoe These are nice shoes for my 2 yr old.  Well made and have held up well so far.  My only complaint is concerning the velcro - it could be made longer.
B005CK4QE4 Great sneakers Very comfortable. My son is very happy with them. He loves the Puma brand. I would buy this again for my boys.
B005CK4QE4 So nice these shoes I liked them a lot. They are very confortable for my child!! He loves them! It was definitely what we was waiting for.
B005CK7W3Q Awesome shoes! My daughter loves them and they fit great!  Too adorable!  Colors are wonderful, bright and cheerful!  Lights are amazing and leave my daughter hopping, skipping and jumping!  Great product!  I highly reccomend.
B005CK7W3Q Disappointment My granddaughter was so pleased with these shoes since they are pretty and light up, but this quickly turned to disappointment when the right shoe quit lighting. Since these shoes are not cheap, I cannot recommend them.
B005CK8MH6 Great! Very cute and comfortable!
B005CKB0WA Nice addition to the summer wardrobe These sneakers are super-cute and make any shorts/-outfit look more stylish. Finally, we have a shoe we can agree on for summer parties and outings. My son likes them because they are comfortable and I like them because they look nicer than a typical sneaker.
B005CKB0WA Five Stars Cute shoes!
B005CKB0WA Puma whirlwind shoes My grandson loves his green puma's.  He claims he is able to run faster than anyone when he is wearing them.  I can only assume they are comfortable because he keeps them on all day and wants them back on again when he wakes up.  They are cushiony, have a soft flexible sole and he can put them on by himself.  he is 4 years old.
B005CKB0WA Great lightweight easy shoe My four year old loves these. Can put on himself ad calls the his "fast" shoes. They don't wear as well as leather but the nylon is comfy and light.  On our second psi in a row.
B005CKB0WA Seahawks colors Son picked them by colors. He really likes them and is really active at 4 years old. He says they are comfortable as well.
B005CKB0WA a great little sneaker This sneaker is well-made and is lightweight. My son runs securely while wearing them and I also have many grownups stopping us in the street to deliver compliments on how stylish they are. Two thumbs up!
B005CKB0WA I love it This is a good gift to my baby. I love this and the process to sell was easy and fast.
B005CKB0WA Love them Cute abd stylish and easy for my 3 yr old to put on and take off. Great for running around
B005CKB0WA Nice sneakers Super cute blue and grey shoes, just as pictured. Fit well. We like them! Only worn them once thus far.
B005CKB0WA Very cute shoes on my boy! I really like these shoes because they are lightweight and seem very comfortable for my son. They match most of his clothes too!
B005CKB0WA So far so good! So far so good! Look great fit great. Easy for my son to put on and take off on his own.
B005CKB0WA Comfy shoes My son loves them, they are comfy and easy for him to put on when we are rushing to school.
B005CKB0WA Adorable shoes Cute , easy to get on and off - great for soccer practice and all general running, jumping and dancing
B005CKB0WA Got dirty right away When I received these shoes for my daughter I was a little skeptical because of the thin material, but she loved them so we kept them. The first time she wore them they got really dirty so I cleaned them off. The suede cleaned up great, but the white section did not and now is brown. Too late to return and now we're stuck with dirty shoes until she grows out of them.
B005CKB0WA producto cambiado Greetings, I request a puma gums to be number 43 or 10.5 man bands to have received a child, I do not understand the situation the same.
B005CKB0WA baby loves em These are lightweight and comfy to play in. Easy care, easy on and off. Perfect for a toddler. My son loves these ever since I bought them for him previously in a smaller size in the red color. The red ones are my fave, but the blue also matches a lot of little boy outfits with the navy and the other brighter blue (the red ones weren't available in the bigger size when I ordered). My kid has a lot of J's which are what he usually wears, but he often prefers these Pumas. I'm assuming that a big factor is the material because these shoes breathe a lot better than the others and are more flexible.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes These shoes are adorable and super light weight. Loved them! Would definitely recommend these. My son wears them for soccer and they work great.
B005CKB0WA Great lightweight shoe for my 4 year old I love Puma's for my girls, especially the velcro fasteners. These shoes deliver. My daughter loves them and wants to wear them everyday. They were a little more lightweight than I expected but they are still well made and even though it is winter in Australia, they are still great to wear outside on those colder days.
B005CKB0WA Like em Very cute shoes. Seem to be well made! My daughter loves the. They are still a little small,  but I think her feet are just growing.
B005CKB0WA So cute/cool I always have high expectations of Puma's and they never let me down.  These shoes are cooler in person on my little guy.  I got the green so he can wear them with Navy or black. They are soft, comfortable, easy to put on and should be pretty durable since they are Puma's.  I cringed at the price tag because I think close to $40 is too much but caved anyway.  Sizing seems on point maybe slightly small but we're very pleased.  He gets compliments on them everywhere we go from strangers, to other mommies, even from daddies.  You can't go wrong with these for the spring.  The only reason I did not give a 5 is because the treads get dirt stuck in them and he brings it all through the house.
B005CKB0WA Awesome! Very comfortable, my 5 yo wore them at home instead of his Elmo slippers at first; good support and terrific look - what else do you want from shoes?! ;~)
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes! My son loves these shoes. The velcro is very sticky and the colors are so bright. We love them and would order them again.
B005CKB0WA Excellent purchase Excellent purchase, I got exactly what I wanted, received it on time, look great and fit as expected, my son loves them.
B005CKB0WA Love them Cute and easy to put on by him self. Pretty colors, lightweight, very nice! Would buy another without second thought.
B005CKB0WA excelente producto excelente
B005CKB0WA Bought for a Friend, UBER cute ^_^ I bought these for a friend's son and they're great. Light little sneakers which fit well and have great velcro on them. They're super cute too :-)
B005CKB0WA Super cute and sporty!!! Beautiful shoe!!! Bought my 3yr old son the red ones - they look so adorable on him. Only problem was the fit, as other reviews reported. I had to return them and get him a 10. Go a full size up!
B005CKB0WA Great shoes I bought these for my 3 year old. He is very picky when it comes to shoes. He loves these because he can get them on & off by himself and they are very lightweight. He usually wears a 10.5 but read reviews & ordered a 11.5. They fit him great with a little room to grow.
B005CKB0WA My son loves them! Arrived on schedule, fits exactly as they did when we tried them on at the store.  Price was less!  My son loves them!
B005CKB0WA perfect perfect for my son school........no lacesthese are the best,and they match with most of his clothes.....he loves them,,,,,very comfy
B005CKB0WA Cute, comfortable and easy Bought these for my 20 month old.  He loves them and the Velcro makes on and off super easy.  They also just look cool and help make any outfit a little more cute.
B005CKB0WA Very slim...not for chunky feet. These were very slim, definitely not for a chunky footed child. The fit itself was fine, but the sole is very slim and my son didn't like wearing them after a few weeks. Still a solid shoe, just not for us.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes My toddler loves them. The white gets dirty easily though. I wouldn't recommend them for kids to play outdoors much.
B005CKB0WA Love them!! My daughter is just getting into size 7 in toddler shoes. After I read the reviews, I decided to order an 8 bc they apparently run small...and they really do. They are adorable though. Couldn't get my daughter to take them off when I tried them on her! lol
B005CKB0WA Awesome! I bought these shoes for the 2 year old birthday of my nephew and all the family loved it. It is perfect for any ocassion. Combination of colors are great and with style. Sizing was perfect.
B005CKB0WA Good shoes These shoes are soft and comfy and my daughter loves them. Perfect fit. The only thing I didn't realise from the photo is how light they are... definitely more suited for Spring / Summer, not winter.I'd definitely buy them again.
B005CKDW76 excellent Thanks are very nice and my son liked the'll have much more prentes whenever something more thanks for such an excellent product
B005CKDW76 Cute! These shoes are adorable. Fast shipping. True to size. Easy to slip on because the laces are just simple elastic ties that don't come undone. Great item!
B005CKDW76 Sytlish, adorable and practical. This shoe is slide-on with no tying, so it is practical for quick dressing with wriggling ones.  The colors are crisp and perfect for Spring.  Multiple compliments on the little ones feet!  People always ask where I purchased them from.  Also, the soles are sturdy for new walkers.
B005CKHBP0 Perfect for Toddlers Thee shoes are amazing and so easy for toddlers learning how to put on and take off their own shoes.  They are so well made and really can stand up to a beating- plus they match everything! A good buy!
B005CKHBP0 Excellent sneakers Really really nice. ....comfy....my 3 yr old lives them and wants to wear them all the time. For the price they are great
B005CKHBP0 Very Cute Shoes These shows are so cute and easy to put on and take off for my toddler girls. They are expensive for baby shoes that probably won't get as much wear, but there is no price on looking good. =)
B005CKHBP0 Simply Wonderful My granddaughter thought we did not put on her shoes & then she looked at her feet & said oh ok!  They are like skin & so comfortable for her!!!! They are for her dressy jean days. They are so precious!
B005CKHBP0 good Like it very muchGood productThe best qualityYou can use it any time.Good experience of deliveredBuy it nowPuma experience
B005CKHBP0 Very stylish, elegant and comfortable, my 6/7 year old loves them Very stylish, elegant and comfortable, my 6/7 year old loves them, hoping the'll last as long as her previous Puma's
B005CKHBP0 Four Stars child loves them
B005CKJWW0 Awesome! My daughter and I both love it. Simple to put on her, looks good and lasts long enough for a 2-year old. Parents, what more do you need?
B005CKJWW0 cute but not easy to get on The double velcro flaps make these a little complicated for little hands to figure out. Otherwise, they are cute and very functional.
B005CKKUQC excellent Very good product, my son is a fan of Ferrari and when I gave the shoes he was very happy
B005CKKUQC Beautiful! These shoes look so cool!  They fit just right and my little one loves the puma in it!  I use them mainly when we go out somewhere.  Definitely want to keep these out of the park or any muddy places so they won't get dirty.
B005CKKUQC Love them I brought these shoes to go with my son ferrari shirt that I also got on amazon and there everything as described and looks everything alike the photo!! I highy recommend this product!!
B005CKQ5S4 Just Right My niece loved her new sneakers I purchased as a birthday gift. And it arrived very soon after I made the purchase.
B005COWQH4 Not so cute in person These Pumas look very cute online, but not so much once I received them, although the colors were great. I returned them.
B005COYKXC Super cute Super cute. My son loves them. They look even better on and they fit really well. He hasn't stopped wearing them.
B005COYKXC ovras ok Okey this product is exelent, the shoes is fine, beautiful and economic, good choice,my daughter is very happy whit tis product
B005CP0TQS very good So nice i brought two pairs.So light on the feet makes you think you are walking on a cloud and it fits very well
B005CPBU2K excellent soccer boot / cleat for kids The quality is very high. The price? Kids outgrow shoes every year, or maybe even between spring and fall. Well, I suggest you scout out what you want and in what size well in advance, and you buy when they're on sale. Amazon has alerts to help you with this.The boot isn't perfectly smooth like some, but the shape of the boot fits my son's feet better and he has no problems with feel or control. They're slightly wide, or more accurately, not overly narrow like some other shoes. The cleats work well on firm ground or outdoor turf.One thing: the shoe is cut to fit a shin guard with padded ankle protection. If your child wears plain shin guards with the plate only, the shoe could feel a bit loose. Again, this applies to many other soccer cleats as well. Most are cut this way because most people do use shin guards with ankle padding.
B005CPBU2K great cleats these cleats are great ! the color is vivid, and they seem well made (as most puma products) .. they run slightly large i think, and my son has to wait til later this season to wear them. other then that, im really satisfied !
B005CPEUG8 Daughter LOVES them Can't beat the price and they are Puma...need  I say anything else? Excellent indoor soccer/futsal shoe. In the stores, these are double or triple the price.
B005CPEUG8 great these shoes are sweet my son loves them he wears them every where and is very proud of them  and why do i need to have such a long review
B005CPLYR6 Son Loves Them - Not Real cushioned Bought these for my 8 year old son and he loves the look. They are not a real cushioned shoe, but he likes them and they have held up to the rigors of youth soccer well. They do seem to run a little bit small so consider that when ordering.
B005CPYA2M Fun AND function I bought these cleats for my 6 year old daughter when she joined a local soccer league. She complains mightily about shoes and socks and clothes in general that are uncomfortable. Luckily, these cleats have been perfect for her. They get great traction even in the mud of a New England spring and she also loves the colors.
B005CPYA2M soccer cleats There were no surprises when they arrived. They looked just like the picture and fit perfectly! Look good but most important my daughter LOVED them!
B005CPYA2M Don't buy these cleats These cleats should be recalled and never be sold to general public. They have plastic sole that is cheap to make but can have dangerous consequences. My son wore them first time to his tournament and broke his arm. He slipped when he was warming up for his game. He said it happened because of the slippery sole. PLEASE DON'T BUY THESE CLEATS!
B005CQAKGG my grandaughter loves These soccer shoes.  The size ordered fit perfectly, order came in on time and she loves the blue color.  We have a lot of hard ground with a little bit of grass to play on in this part of Texas.  The shoe bottoms work real good on this hard ground.
B005CVLLUA Cute Sneaker The Maeko S V fashion sneaker from Puma is a Cute Sneaker and fits my sons great! totally recommended! i think Puma is a half size smaller though. Quality is good as well.
B005CVWYPG She got good use out of them for nearly 6 months so ... Puma's seem to be a size smaller than the number. Kids feet grow so quickly, I would have bought this two sizes bigger because thick socks help fill any space. She got good use out of them for nearly 6 months so that's not too bad I'd guess.
B005CVWYPG So glad I ordered Love this sneaker! Looks great, fits great! Shipped/received on time. Thought they were very pricey for a toddler sneaker, but worth every penny! Thank you!
B005CVWYPG Stylish and fits well These are very stylish, well made toddler shoes.  Great fit, stays on feet, and easy to get on wiggly little ones!
B005CVWYPG very nice These look great, are very comfortable and my daughter loves them. I don't know if they will hold up very well, I have to clean them constantly and I'm not sure the synthetic with keep looking new for much longer
B005CVWYPG love them My daughter loves them. she refuses to take them off.  They are also great for dance class. perfect fit for her.
B005CVWYPG excelent really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good, really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good, really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good
B005CVWYPG Perfect! This are super cute and comfy. They are true to size. They are perfect for my daughter's school uniform. Recommended!
B005CVWYPG cute Super cute. But I should have gotten one size larger for my daughter to grow into. The colors are great.
B005CVWYPG Super cute. These look so cute on my daughter. We were worried about the bottom of the shoe because it looked like there wasn't much grip, but we haven't had any issues. She wears them to tennis lessons.  She says they are comfortable. They are very lightweight and easy without having laces.
B005CVWYPG comfy and cute So cute! My daughter loves these. She's 2 and can run for long periods of time on our walks with no complaints. She had complained about her feet hurting so we bought these and she seems a lot better.
B005CVWYPG Light weight and cute My 2 year old daughter loved these shoes! It was so comfy on her, she seemed to run more, further and longer! The only reason I gave it a 4 is because it did get dirty too quickly (since it's white) and these shoes aren't for kids with a high arch or wide feet.
B005CVXB30 Ok for now...I guess. I bought these for my daughter who refuses to wear them.  I hate to see them go to waste, so I hang around school yards asking young girls my daughter's size if they would like to try them on.  These are great shoes, I can't believe the school superintendent has had a protection order filed against me... I might challenge him to a winner takes all dance off.
B005CVY9RW Love baby puma shoes These were exactly what my 10 month old needed as she can now walk. They are soft and she cannot pull them off.
B005CVY9RW So cute! Can't wait for our infant son to wear these! Item as described. Would buy these again. Very satisfied! Thank you
B005CVY9RW Five Stars ADORABLE! Arrived quickly, and are perfect for our upcoming baby shower gift!
B005CVY9RW slippery soles Slippery soles make it difficult to walk on smooth surfaces. Cute shoes and my child walks much easier in them
B005CVY9RW Very Cute Shoes That Stay on These Puma crib shoes are adorable. My 10-month old daughter has very skinny ankles and is able to kick off most shoes...but not these. The Velcro closure is very secure, and the design is really cute. These Pumas get lots of attention.
B005CVY9RW Perfect crib shoes for little ones beginning to crawl and/or walk Baby girl looks adorable in these! The soles are great--they grip the floors really well. One little negative would just be that she can take them off really easily with the velcro flap in the front. But, she's basically Houdini when it comes to taking off her shoes, anyways!
B005CVY9RW Cute shoes and easy to put on! Cute shoes I ordered for my daughter to start wearing while in jumper and out and about! Easy to put on!
B005CVY9RW Cool kicks My 11-month old daughter loves this! Fits well, looks so cool, gets a lot of compliments. Shipped pretty quickly too.
B005CVY9RW Cute This shoe is for my future grand-son . My daughter just fell in Love with them. They are quite cute and well made. They will out last him.  Thank you these were a great value.
B005CVY9RW everything I wanted and more The size was perfect. I had previously ordered a pair of robeez and they were so big that months later my daughter still can't wear them. These pumas are perfect. She can run around outside and her feet are protected. They show virtually no wear and tear. Very sturdy material. I love them and so does my daughter!
B005CVY9RW LOVE THEM I absolutely love them. They're soft all around and my daughter doesn't seem bothered by them. She also can't get them off which is also nice. I purposely bought 1 size bigger so she can wear them longer.
B005CVY9RW Baby Pumas Fly We were really pleased with the bay Pumas and our Grandson is starting to walk easier in his Pumas!!Yes We like them
B005CVY9RW SO CUTE!!! I loved this shoe for my baby girl, I wish she could have worn them for longer. They were so comfortable for her.
B005CVY9RW very nice very nice it was a gift for my first grandson. they fit just right and i think he likes them and he is only 6 month
B005CVY9RW just me this is every cute for someone that is still not walking and its just perfect for babies, i got it for all of my friends kids
B005CVY9RW Don't fall off! My son (9 months) would routinely pull of his socks and other shoes, but he has not been able to get these off. He's just starting to pull up and furniture surf, so we needed something that would stay on and not slip for him. They're easy to put on, lightweight, and stay on. I would highly recommend these shoes!
B005CVY9RW Easy to put on, looks great Our boy gets tons of compliments on these shoes. They are super comfy and easy to put on (and sometimes too easy for him to get them off while sitting in a stroller).
B005CVY9RW PINK for my baby They're soft all around and my daughter doesn't seem bothered by them.  I think they are so cute and I believe she would too. I absolutely love them. Would buy these again. Very satisfied! Thanks.
B005CVY9RW Puma Drift Cat Crib shoes The were a gift for my friends new baby girl.He like them very much .She will be wearing themSoon.She will be born in october.
B005CVY9RW So cute and very comfortable! These are great shoes for my daughter!  They fit so well we got another pair the next size up.  I love that they are Velcro so she can close them up herself or take them off (well most of the time I love that she can take them off, ha ha).  They are super cute!  Flexible sole yet still padded.  Love 'em!
B005CVY9RW Cutest shoes These are the cutest shoes my daughted loved them. They were easy to take on and off anfpd they stay in their feet.
B005CVY9RW love em It fits perfect, looks great, and my daughter seems to love it ! It looks adorable on my daughter. Great colots
B005CVY9RW thks PUMA Drift Cat 4 Lw Crib Fashion Sneaker (Infant/Toddler/Little Kid/Big. fits perfect, i love it, would recommend it to my friends
B005CVY9RW baby pumas I loved these tiny pumas! They are super light weight and perfect for infants big or small, walking or crawling!
B005CVY9RW Five Stars Great shoes for my baby girl.
B005CVY9RW Cute as can be! Perfect shoe for my little one. She was not yet even trying to walk when she wore them so I am not sure how they would hold up. They were cute and comfortable (she wasn't trying to take them off like some of her other shoes). Great purchase, I would definitely recommend them. Her brothers are soccer fanatics so these looked great with her Puma warm-up suits!
B005CVY9RW Perfect fit Perfect on my little one's feet.  The fact that she doesn't try to take it off tells me she is really comfortable in them. Happy mommy :)
B005CVY9RW This beautiful little shoe puts the perfect finishing touch on any outfit I saw these shoes on another baby and just loved them, so I went hunting for them and sure enough, Amazon had them
B005CVY9RW so cute love them great quality !! can't wait to put them on my baby the blacks very cute and they look just like the picture
B005CVY9RW Adorable!!!! These shoes were perfect  . . .  my daughter-in-law loved these for my little grandson.  She wore them on him daily!
B005CVY9RW Perfect for daily wear Love these shoes, dirt wipes right off and they are the only shoes she will keep on! 9 mth old who loves being in socks
B005CVY9RW Soft sole, comfy and stylish Very nice comfy sneakers, super easy to our them on and soft enough that my 13 month old can walk and doesn't complain about having something on her feet. And super cute!!!
B005CVY9RW Comfortable and sporty looking I bought these shoes thinking they would be comfortable, well made and cool looking and it was. I'm so happy I bought these as her first walking shoes. She is 11 months old and walks comfortable in them. The Velcro is awesome feature for these shoes because its easy to put on and take off. I will buy again when she grows out of these.
B005CVY9RW too cute Adorable and well made.  The velcro design makes it super easy for me to get them on and off my baby, but they never fall off.
B005CVY9RW I love this shoe I am absolutely happy with this purchase. My 7th month old looks so cute with these shoes on although he tries to take them off often.
B005CVY9RW love them!!! Super cute!!! Fit really well. These are shoes she actually leaves on. Easy to get on and so far they stay on well
B005CVY9RW Perfect! This is the only brand that I could find that has a size 5 soft sole. It's easy to clean, comfortable to walk in and stylish.
B005CVY9RW Cool Sneakers for Kids Meet expectations 100 %  cool design and materials, it really meet my expectations, very pleased with the purchase of this item.
B005CVY9RW So cute!! loved this shoe is super comfortable and cute however the sole is thick fabric is not to play in the street or yard but I loved it and I use on my daughter
B005CVY9RW Superior Stuff Style of shoe and closure make this EASY and FAST to get on someone who is constantly moving!  Get tons of comments from people about how cool the look.
B005CVY9RW Soft sole shoes This seemed a little smaller than expected. They arrived expeditiously. The feel of them are soft sole. The design in the bottom is nice, as well as the Puma on the inner side of the shoe
B005CVY9RW stays on relatively well I like these shoes because the strap that goes over the tops allows for a good fit and helps keep the shoe on.
B005CVY9RW Five Stars Good shoes
B005CVY9RW Best first shoes It's my daughter's first shoes. Very soft and comfortable. She was very confident walking with it! Recommend to all parent with young toddlers.
B005CVY9RW Cute shoes Made well and very cute!  The baby is to young to walk but she looks very sporty and fashionable in these shoes!
B005CVY9RW Love it I bought 2 pairs for my pre-walker. It fits perfectly and gripped well on my hardwood floor. Also warm enough to wear in house during winter.
B005CVY9RW very cute shoes! I bought these for my 7 week old son and they are great!  We have gotten so many compliments on them and they are so easy to put on. A tad pricey but totally worth it.  We ordered size 1 and there is still a little room for him to grow in them.
B005CVY9RW Great Baby Style These baby shoes are adorable! The quality appears to be very good and at par with Puma products for adults.  I especially like these as baby shoes because they are soft and won't be very binding on our baby's feet , so to allow for proper foot growth and development.
B005DCR5IU Light and comfortable Very comfortable and light weight. Great for my workouts and summertime heat. I am going to buy again in more colors.
B005DCRS6E Nice Shorts Very comfortable. I found them useful for so many things. Thing love about these are how they breath when running.
B005DCS7D2 Perfect Perfect product,arrived on the logo looks cool and is perfect adjustable to the waist. I invite to all of you tu buy this Puma short
B005DFNLYO Super comfy! I got these pants to use when I do my workout classes. They are super comfy and allow room to move about. I am typically an XL but I got the L since I read reviews that they run large. I was scared that they were going to be too tight but once they arrived and I tried them on they fit perfect. Not too tight and not too loose. I'm ready to buy more!!
B005DFNLYO nice feel nothing to say......wife tried them on ........and they not entirely how I thought they would fit.  but she is ok with it
B005DFNLYO Good gift! This was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  The fit was good and she loved the pants.  They will make good yoga pants.
B005DGMJTG Good Product I usually buy Puma sweat pants, I'm not sure why so many companies have a problem making a good pair of sweatpants but they do.  Anyways these are perfect for what I was looking for which is lounging around at home.They aren't your typical heavy material, they are nice and soft and perfect for sleeping.  I would be hard pressed to find a more comfortable pair of sweat pants.
B005DGSGOI Nice shorts, pockets suck These are solid, heavy duty workout shorts. I like the material and the length, but the placement of the pockets sucks. Basically, the pockets go across and down the front of your thighs, so if you plan on carrying anything in them (iPod, phone, keys), forget about trying to do proper deadlifts. In fact, anything where the weight would end up against the front of your thighs is pretty much out. If you don't care about that, then the shorts will serve you nicely.
B005DGSGOI T7 Poly Shorts Awesome shorts. Delivery was great. The shorts have a longer length in the leg which can be hard to find. Well done Puma.
B005DGSGOI My New Favorites Where to begin.  I own about 4 pairs of mesh/athletic shorts, and like most guys, I have owned almost all 4 for over 10 years.  I decided I wanted a change.  I do a lot of floor work outs as part of my workout and was tired of having short shorts that constantly fell during sit ups, leg raises, etc.  I bought these, because they do come down to the knees, these are long shorts.  First off they are not mesh, they are solid poly, and they do come down to the knee.  They have pockets with zippers, which is awesome if you work out with an MP3 player, so you can train away with your device literally at your side, and secure.  The only bummer is that the PUMA decals are iron on velour and fell off after the 20th + wash.  Other than that, these are perfect for the winter and are nice and warm as well.
B005DHNO9O Forza Ferrari Ferrari has been my favorite F1 team since birth, so I wear this with pride when I go see a F1 race. Very comfortable and cool.
B005DHQJGY Excellent sweat pants These are without a doubt the best and most comfortable sweat pants I've ever owned. Puma is a great company and they didn't dissapoint.
B005DIOKMS Great track pant Size is perfect, colo0r is ok, good fabirc, product is as described. Good pant, and excellent price. I like it
B005DIRAFM Love it I love this Tee. It is light weight, and extremely comfortable for working out. I hate polyester materials and this is cotton. Very good for sensitive skin. I will buy more.
B005DIRAFM I live in these Wear these all the time whether playing squash or not.  Great fit and very breathable and supportive. A very good buy.
B005DTGPIY Attractively comfortable. When I first saw these flip flops I thought they were very nice looking. However I soon became dismayed by all the negative reviews.They certainly were attractive though and purchased a pair. To my surprise they proved to be extremely comfortable .With all the flip flops I own, I find myself wearing these the most.Sincerely, A.G.Stish.
B005DTGPIY Great! I have had these a while now and still love them. The graphics on the top did not even come off when I put them in the washing machine.
B005DTJ68U Puma mens slip on Very comfortable! Additionally,they are very stylish and appropriate to wear with jeans, khakis, or shorts. Great color combination and are great for going to the mall or the beach.
B005DTJ68U Cool Slips The raised bumps on the sole are tough for a few days then they soften up and you don't notice it.Also think this design will best pay off in the summer as a way to increase the surface area and more air will get in under the foot to keep the sweaty feet to a minimum.
B005DTJ68U These  slip Ons are the best I  use  them  to  walk  from  my  tent  to  the shower  point . They help  to  keep  my  feet from hurting  while  crossing  the  rocks  on  my FOB
B005DTJ68U Perfect Sizing, Interesting Design These sandals fit perfectly, and are very comfortable. however keep in mind they have some "massage" buttons that take some getting used to, and i still don't wear them for long periods of time. but all in all, i rate it as an excellent choice for non-slip, water oriented use, and the delivery and product were exactly as advertised.
B005DTJM5M a lil small for size 13 does the trick. nothing fab just a nice comfy cheap label friendly sandal to rock on lazy days. the word Epic should not be used to describe this product. FAIL by Puma...
B005DTJM5M Good Sandal I was a bit worried when these sandals first arrived as they were a bit tight, but once you give them time to adjust to your foot shape they are very comfortable and slide on and off very easy. Should mention that the White straps are cloth not rubber so they do stain. A quick rinse in the washing machine and it comes out pretty easily.
B005DTJM5M Beautiful Sandal It's comfortable, it's robust, and I get about 5 compliments every time I wear it outside.  Is there really anything else to add to that?
B005DTKBWA Best Aqua shoes I ever owned I always buy water shoes small to account for no socks.  I would recommend 1-1/2 to 2 sizes smaller on these.  Great padding.  The rubber insole dries out quickly.  Great on the street as well as the pool.  My most demanding use is leading Aqua Zumba classes on a rough concrete pool deck...awesome!  I am able to concentrate on my dancing and participants much more without having to worry about my own body.
B005DTKBWA thank you That was for my dauther perfect she loved but keep looking any what i like for amazon .on not but know all good staff what i seen .
B005DTLFG6 Good, but nothing special. They seem a little sparse, but maybe I am just not used to track shoes. I am usually a 7 or 7.5 and ordered the 7.5 and I definitely should have gotten a 7. Cute shoe though. Colors are as pictured.
B005DTLFG6 Comfortable and looks good Very comfortable for walking or dancing. Maybe not the best for a long hike or bike riding, but great for everything else.
B005DTLFG6 I wear these everyday I love these shoes, I walk my dog everyday in these shoes. They are very comfortable and I also work out in them.
B005DTLFG6 Great purchase Loved how they looked online and was thrilled when I got them and saw they look even better in person. The palace blue against the ceramic green with the black background looks awesome. They are nice & comfortable too. Just received mine today, and can't wait to wear them!
B005DTQRZA Exactly like the image I only wish the white rim of the sole of these shoes didn't get dirty so easily, but I knew that was going to be the case when I bought them
B005DTR72W Nice sneakers! What a wonderful job Puma made in thisnFerrari sneakers! It is difficult to know if theybare more desirables by their light weight, because of the fine finishing or due to the beaultiful looks!
B005DTR72W Great Sneaker I gave these sneakers to my brother for his birthday, and he LOVES them.  he really loves that the leather has already been broken in so that they won't crack.  They fit well and it's a sleek design.  Great choice!
B005DTR72W Perfect These sneakers were exactly what I was looking for.They not only look and feel great, but they're incredibly comfortable.
B005DTR72W VERY GOOD HI THEREI WANT AN INVOICE OF THIS STUFF THAT APPEARES THE TRAKING NUMBER OF THIS ORDERBECAUSE THERE IS A PROBLEM IN THIS ORDER  I HAVE RECIVES Diesel Men's Blacque Scraped Vintage BeltAND THE  PUMA Men's Future Cat M2 New Seasonal WITHOUT PUMA MENS FUTURE CAT REMIX  2 SF FERRARISO THE COMPANY THAT RECIVE THE STUFF IN MIAMI NEEDS THE ORDER WITH THE TRAKING NUMBER TO MAKE THEIR WORK AND SEARCH MY STUFFTHANKS A LOT
B005DTR72W great it is beauty of puma but little expensive
B005DTS9SS Pretty great but a little bit thick if you are 10 in shoes order 10 1/2 on those tennis, it will be better trust me, although very good looking
B005DTS9SS A nice sneaker for my wife. My wife felt in love with this beautiful and confortable sport shoes at first sight. But, just one trouble... ours three daugthers want dress the same shoes not just for sporting... in casual ocasions, too.
B005DTS9SS Great Gift This was a gift for my son-n-law and he loves them!  He stated they fit perfectly and are very comfortable!
B005EK7PYA Good The material was perfect and the size too, the sport brand is perfect, the shipping was on time and te price is leess than the store
B005F17KYI Pleased! Great price! Very pleased! Considered Adidas but the Puma was half the price. Bought this for my daughter, she loves it.
B005F17KYI Track suit - best outfit for mobsters and children Great purchase - little boys look adorable in a classic tracksuit.  Comfortable, durable and nice enough to wear to a restaurant or church.
B005F17KYI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat, 5 Puma - Kids PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat, 5Puma - KidsIt is not that great but OK!
B005F17KYI Would not recommend. I bought those for my son. After 1st use they look just like old. Would not recommend to buy them.
B005F17KYI Puma athletic suit Grandson (6 years-old) loves his new outfit. It is sturdy and well made and should last a good long while.
B005F17KYI Sharp looking Fits nice and looks sharp, a little pricey but worth it. Waist in pants is perfect for skinnier side kids.
B005F17KYI Puma outfit I loved this outfit, but the pants were a little too long, I needed to hem them, my son loved this outfit!
B005F17KYI My grandson really likes the warm-up suit. My grandson wore the Puma warm-up suit to church. He really likes his new clothes.Good quality top and pants.
B005F17KYI Perfect set. Fits perfectly 4T for a 4T kid.  Well made and looks great.  He wants to wear it all the time, so I will get more.
B005F17KYI Perfect sweatsuit We do not wear sweat suits too often, this one is perfect, looks nice and still functions and provides some warmth.
B005FDOOG8 I love it. I got it way ahead of time! It's a great backpack, comfy and pretty. But I have to say: it's huge! Even though I carry my macbook pro and several books, it's still quite spacious. It will be a perfect bag for travel but too big for school. I'm satisfied and will recommend it to my friends.
B005FWVKU2 Nice I bought this item and they arrived today, I think they look very nice and stylish, size is perfect I wear 8 and bought 8...
B005G6035K Great Buy !!! I specifically bought these rugby boots for the upcoming season the colors matches my team color.....on the other hand i played a warm up match in them and they were great they are comfortable and they live up to the PUMA brand !!!
B005GDZT02 pictures Hello, can you please post a couples of pictures of this book bag (or at least write a detailed description of this item) because I am interested in buying it, but I need to see it before I buy it. Thank you
B005GKXXE4 Limited Thought it would have a calorie tracker. It works OK. Just keeps track of heart rate. I would recommend one that is a little more functional.
B005GKXXE4 Coffeetime tastes ver good in milk! My friend has used this product for years and wants to have it regularly--would not be happy if &#34;the house&#34; ever had to be unable to buy another bottle.
B005GKXXE4 Vale oque se paga goo buy, but have problens like, don't have average!you can't see the time and BPM at same time! good price
B005GKXXZI Great product It came with the original box with a manual on some languages and I thought it beautiful. it also has some function.. Good gift too.
B005GKXXZI tic tac The buttons are too big you will be permanently touch them accidentaly and scroll over the menu involuntary. Puma products are anyway sooo cool!
B005HEJHYO Good golf sneakers Comfortable and A good alternative to the traditional saddle shoes.  Very fashionable too for the younger golfer .... and older too.
B005HEJHYO Golf kicks Stylish, comfortable golf shoes. Puma is a cool brand and inline the gum finish. Fit is solid as well. Winners!
B005HEJHYO Highly comfortable and functional. Love these highly functional and comfortable Puma golf shoes. Stylish, light, and fit so well. Great for walking the course.
B005HEJHYO Light and breathable Not a bad golf shoe, played about 4 rounds with it so far and one was in wet conditions. Not waterproof but still kept my feet reasonably dry, considering.The sole has a really good grip so your feet won't be moving about while you're swinging. It's also light and breathes well.Only downside is that there's not much cushioning and the insole padding is rather thin so you will feel any rocks, branches or anything hard really, that you stand on. Much like really stiff suspension on car.
B005HEJHYO puma These shoe are sweet. I love the classic look vs the modern look. Very light and comfortable. I will have another after these
B005HEJHYO Cool. Hip. Comfy. Good looking stylish shoe. You'll be on the grass knowing that you're not wearing your old time Morris' shoes. I recom!
B005HEJK3W Great Spikes for the Money Loved these spikes right out of the box. Comfortable enough to walk a full 18 the day after they arrived. Got lots of compliments on them at the course too. Fast shipping as always from Amazon
B005HEJK3W Great shoes Love them, get lots of positive feedback. People stop me on the course to ask where I for them.Comfortable
B005HEJK3W GOOD This is Cool. I like it but orange was good too. I usually use this actual golf. Previous shoes uses driving gage.
B005HEJK3W Men Golf shoes So far so good. I have only worn them three times to play golf. Time will tell if they last.Very good looking shoe and stylish
B005HEJK3W Xmas Gift Got this for my Step Father he wanted Golf shoes and I read all the reviews before I purchased them and they were seemed to be the best ones to get.
B005HEJK3W Good looking Comfy Love the Ace 2 shoe. They fit great and are comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Last week after my round I actually forgot to take them off and drove 30 minutes before I realized I was still wearing them!They are easy to clean and the spikes provide excellent traction. After 10 or more rounds played, no spikes have become loose or fallen off.
B005HEJK3W Great shoes The cleats are an issue they have a tendency to fall out during play.. Check them after a few holes.  Need to find easier replacement cleats.
B005HEJK3W Sharp Looking I usually don't buy anything on line. Took a chance and was totally surprised. Priced fairly, the looks are great, I look like Ricky Fowler, out on the course. Most importantly they were a comfortable fit from the moment I put them on. As golfers you want to feel good to shoot a good score and these PUMA'S do that for me. Swing Easy Shoot Em Straight.
B005HEJK3W Great surprise for Christmas Husband was Very Happy that he got theses Golf shoes for christmas, nice looking show, very well put togethers . and an xtra plus sharp looking, and also wore by a great golfer, ....Ricky Fowler
B005HEK2J8 Puma Golf Shoes very comfortable, great grip on the course and great for walking all 18 holes, i recommend them for anyone who likes playing golf.
B005HEK2J8 awesome shoes! recently got these shoes from Amazon in white and green and they are awesome. Wore them for the first time walking 18 holes and didn't have any blisters like others have said, just a little rubbed on the back of my feet and I wear ankle high socks. They look even better in person and didn't get too dirty. Wearing ankle socks should avoid the harsh blisters others have said they cause until they are broken in. And its pretty cool when your'e the only one wearing shoes this nice on the course.
B005HEK2J8 good shoes I normally wear a medium width, but these are slightly too wide which I can mostly take up comfortably by really tightening the laces. Otherwise, they are very good looking,light and comfortable. I haven't had any sign of rubbing or blisters as other reviewers have suggested.
B005HEK2J8 Hoping Hoping they break in, shoes like this scare me to buy online. But if I tried them in a store, I still would have grabbed them. They fit good but after 10 minutes the heels kill. Blisters like never seen, wore around the house with no issues but at the course, 9 holes had me in pain, no padding
B005HEKWM0 Very comfortable shoe Read other reviews about pumas running big. So I went to a sporting goods store and tried on a couple different styles of puma shoes. They do run big. They are great. Really comfortable. Haven't played a round with them yet , but was at the driving range for about 2 hours , feet never started to hurt. They are also very supportive. Great buy for the money.
B005HEKWM0 very nice look great, fit feels comfortable.  i haven't used them for a round yet so can't comment on long term comfort.  will update after i use them a couple times
B005HEL4W2 classy The shoes are beautiful and eye catching on the course. My husband has had plenty of compliments. The shoes are a tad too large, but an innner sole solved the problem.
B005HELPYO perfect for the gym This bag is perfect for the gym, get my little towel, my bottle of water, wallet, phone, gloves and more, enter all in and is not very big, is very comfortable with several pockets inside to keep it tidy, is equal to the photo .
B005HELPYO Cool! Love it! I use it for the gym .... it's so easy to use and carry around. I will recommend it!
B005HELPYO great I love this bag. I use it for the gym and it is the perfect size. Fits my water bottle, towel, books, gloves, keys, etc. without unnecessary bulk.
B005HELPYO Loved it! Bought it as a gift for my fianc&eacute; and she loved it, plenty of space and very delicate look. Easy to transport.
B005HELPYO love my puma bags they are great for the beach, the gym, you name it, when ever and where ever. totally cute, super, and awesome. it was a great purchase . they came a little bigger then I expected , but it was worth it :)
B005HELR1K Purrr..Puma! I love this bag...I use it for everything...weekend trips, tail gaiting, whatever...well made, must have for everyday adventures.Love Puma! So classic.
B005HELR1K Not bad. Just not, just right This bag was listed with purses. When it got here it is clearly more a large tote for overnight items or taking a change of clothes along to the gym. Nice piece but could have been listed better.
B005HELTCM good product I am relatively pleased with these shoes.  They fit well and do the job.  My only objection is the material as it does not breathe.
B005HELTCM Very Nice Golf Shoes I purchased these as I had recently picked up golfing again, and needed something fancy for a work outing. Fairly easy to clean, very comfortable and look very sharp with any outfit :)
B005HELTCM Not as described The shoes are pink, not red.  Other than that, they are good.  I couldn't take them back though since they came in the same day I needed them and so I had to wear them.
B005HELTCM very reasonable & fashion statement I wore them all day in the house and a break-in period wasn't really required. If the weather warms up a bit I hope to try them on the course soon.
B005HELTQ8 very good very good product i liked so much i recommend it i want to buy more products on line for this on line shop thanks
B005HELTQ8 Good bag It has all the space that I need. The side pockets are huge! I just wish that the bottom had something to make it flat.
B005HELTQ8 Pretty and Practical I love this bag. The color was what drew me to it at first, and it's every bit as happy as it looks in the picture, although it's considerably darker (I got the blue, and it doesn't look as sky-blue as it does in the picture but it's still bright.)There are two side pockets that are big enough to fit sneakers in (or tennis shoes, if that's where you're from.) So there are ample pockets for my shoes, my shower stuff, change of clothes, and a pocket for my combination lock. Size-wise, it's a pretty decent bag. Not a huge duffel, but not a teeny tote. It feels very durable and I expect it to hold up.
B005HELTQ8 Great Bag! I put my kickboxing wraps, boxing gloves, and mat shoes along with workout log book and still have room for sweat tops and bottoms for when the summer is over.  Bag is well constructed and handy to use for gym or weekend trips.  Rides on my shoulder well and comfortable with all of the clothing/gear mentioned above in it.  Can wear cross body too.  I am 5'11 male with 46&#34; chest shoulder strap adjusts to go over head and hangs to about hip/button level.The end compartments are meshed and allow wraps to breath a little to keep odder down, pockets in main section for keys, phone, wallet during class.  Like the bag a lot want another one, but can't find one in stock.
B005HELTQ8 everything i wanted in a gym bag fulfilled my gym bag checklist:- zippered shoe compartment- main body has deep enough inside pockets to hold the essentials: cell phone, keys, ear buds, ipod, spare hair bands- main body has clip on key ring that i use to hold my gym card for easy unclip/clip check-in- main body holds towel, change of clothes, make-up bag, and reading tablet- second zipped pocket to hold toiletries- collapsible body to easily shove into locker- definite hobo style, so easily sags and molds to your body so does not feel bulky or cumbersome- compactgot the grey/pink!! color pretty accurate a little more muted than picture. love it!
B005HELTQ8 Perfect in every way. This bag was definitely well designed and made. Perfect size for two sets of gym clothes and a towel and shoes. Perfect shape when full and comfortable over the shoulder. Holds my keys, locker lock, gym badge, tanning oil, wallet, earphones and phone perfectly. PUMA is written in dark grey across the shoulder strap... nice touch. LOVE IT !
B005HELTQ8 functional size I would like to have had a dedicated water bottle sleeve but otherwise very versatile and easy to carry and pack
B005HEM8RW Love it This bag is just great , so soft and I justlove it wtmy Puma outfits , love it , love it
B005HEMCUA Excellent I recommend this product 100% is crafted in genuine leather that adds a touch of elegance without neglecting the lines of the hallmark deportriva Puma.
B005HEMCUA Great gift Bought this as a gift....the person loves this bag a lot as it is spacious and look exactly as seen in the picture
B005HEMCUA Love it Love love love this its just big enough and lays just right for a cross body purse . Totally recommended
B005HEMCUA Very nice and excellent The portfolio is of excellent quality, very comfortable and the color goes with almost everything, is very practical use with long strap or shorter shoulder.
B005HEMSW2 Love it Love this big I have been looking for a bag like this for long time big enough to carry tablets cloths etc
B005HEMSW2 I use this for everything I use this bag to go to work, gym, etc. I love it! very durable!MUST BUY! I wouldn't change a thing!
B005HEMSW2 excellent product excellent product.I am very pleased with the product. meets all expectations.recommend shopping store for similar products.enjoy your purchase
B005HEMSW2 Gr8 bag My wife has a puma sneakers and one or two tops with the colors matching this bag, so just had to get it as a surprise for her birthday. She was shocked, she loves it. Looks really good, lots of room and strong. Really good buy. A++
B005HEMSW2 good quaility Totally worth the price! good quaility Totally worth the price! A little too  big for girls, but it can contain everything, there even a special bag for computer
B005HEMSW2 perfect for work and gym days I was looking for something roomy enough for gym clothes and my laptop (15&#34;) - just what I needed to carry both to work. The bag seems durable and is a nice leather-type surface.
B005HEMSW2 really love it. I loved this bag, but weighs just covering all my expectations and more, really love it.Thank you so much
B005HEMSW2 Puma Grip Fast delivery and its exactly what was stated......a great buy and will make a great gift as its a big bag
B005HEMSW2 Perfect!! was exactly as it was described, and EXACTLY what i was looking for! cant wait to use it on my upcoming trips!
B005HEMSW2 :-) Love, Love, Love, Love, Love! Could pass for a man's bag too. I am very happy with this purchase. Looks even better in person. Definitely would recommend.
B005HEMSW2 Wonderful! This bag serves all my needs with pockets for a laptop or tablet, phone and more with plenty of room left for my gym clothes and lunch box. A great find with a gorgeous look.
B005HEMSW2 I like it It was a gift to my sister an she loves it. Very confortable, and It looks great. She is very happy
B005HEMSW2 A bag that atttracts attention This bag is the envy of all bags. I cant get enough compliments.I only wish they had it in different colours, like lilac and purple,or different shades of green or pink.More colours are definitiel needed to match your different outfits. pass the message on to the manufactures.Love it
B005HEMSW2 Luggage I originally bought this for a purse and its huge will keep and use as a overnight bag for when we go on trips or vacation
B005HEMSW2 Puma Rocks! I love Puma products and have been purchasing their bags for several years now: Great quality and durability! My only quibble is that I wish the bag was slightly bigger. Besides that great product.
B005HEMVL0 Bought in red Nice bag.  Just the right size for sports games and trips to the gym.  So far only had for a couple of months and still looks like new.  My only concern is how it will age.  The material's good but feel there may be stripping later.  I gave 5 stars for now
B005HEN3GW Comfort AND Looks... These are the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned in 22 years of golfing. Comfort right out of the box.
B005HEN3GW They're shoes...which isn't a bad thing Perfect, they keep the moisture out and you connected to the ground.  Would have been a perfect score, but they get a bit heavy after walking 18 holes
B005HEN3GW Delivered as expected Very happy with the purchase of the Puma Jigg Golf shoes.  They were delivered as promised and would highly recommend them for the serious golfer
B005HEN3GW Very comfortable shoes, although a bit heavier than other brands. I bought these last year, and after having played about 10 rounds in them (I alternate shoes depending on what I wear)I have to say I'm very pleased with them. They have a tremendous amount of cushion, and really help you feel connected to the ground. They are a bit heavy compared to some other brands/models but well worth the price and weight for the comfort they provide.My only quibble is with the quill spikes, they wear quickly, but other than that very pleased with the shoe.(will be replacing with the black widow tours for this year)
B005HEN3GW nice shoes a very nice design, very comfy when wearing it. there is some spike that really difficult to open but other than that overall is okay.
B005HEN3GW Boyfriend loves them! I bought these for my boyfriend as a Christmas present. He couldn't wait for the winter to be over so he can wear them. After playing a couple of rounds he loves them and they look so good on him. =)
B005HEN3GW Just OK The shoes are fine otherwise, but the top surface was wrinkled and slightly ill-formed, as if it were a second.  Not bad enough to go through the hassle of a return, but not what I would accept if buying in person.
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoe This is very similar in design and foot feel to Bite shoes - no longer available.Comfortable right out of the box.  I'm very pleased with them.
B005HEN3GW First time in Pumas. The shoes are most comfortable and seem to fit all needs while I am playing golf. Only thing that I am not sure of is if they will help me to improve my score. GREAT BUY!
B005HEN3IK Great shoes Have to break them in a bit. I love the look and feel of these and even though it wont help your golf game, They sure look good!
B005HEN3IK Puma perfect I got the Puma Super Cell Fusion Ice in red. It's a good fit and great price. They came with the cleat tool and shoe bag!
B005HENLFA Awesome golf shoes Stylish and comfortable. The &#34;spikes&#34; dont do much but its better than nothing. I have 2 pairs of these. Ive had them covered in mud and they clean up like new.
B005HEO7LM Great product!!! FPwrfect size!! its all my gym and swim gear without being too packed. Very stylish. Get lots of compliments. Only con is that the top narrows too much. But this makes carrying it on your shoulder a lot easier when fully packed. The straps do not keep falling off.
B005HEONCU Okay Just another replica,cheap made,buy this for my husband he didn't start using it after I buy it but since is the only one he had no option.lol it's just okay. Thank you.not bad at  all.
B005HEP57C Cute! If you can't Golf at least look good doing it!! Laces are way to long is my only complaint but thats an easy fix - I just tucked them under the Puma tag on tongue.
B005HEP57C Love them Loved them from the time I tried them on. Very comfortable, soft leather, sizing perfect and great colour. Highly recommend
B005HEP57C Love Could not find go,f shoes I loved till I found these. Not only did I love the look of the shoes they where very affordable and are very comfortable. They also shipped in a timely manner.
B005HEP57C You'll be very with this purchase! Best golf shoes my wife has ever had! Perfect fit and very stylish, an oxymoron for typical women's choices in footwear!
B005HEP57C Super comfortable! I have had Puma golf shoes before which were very comfortable but unfortunately 2 of the loops holding the shoe laces broke. I've read previously that it has happened to others. But because of the comfort, best to date of all the other brands, I took the risk in purchasing another pair. Although I'm very tentative when I do up my laces,  I love them.  I would give them a star rating of 5 if I wasn't concerned about the laces.The are so comfortable... so x fingers with the laces!
B005HEP57C Good Golf Shoes I bought these shoes for my daughter for spring golf.  They fit her well and kept her feet dry in this wet spring!
B005HEPA8G PUMA Blueprint Skate Backpack This backpack is great. The backpack is great for college use. I receive a lot of compliments on it. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because one of the strings attached to the zipper broke off. I retied it, works great. Nonetheless a great backpack
B005HEPGOO Awesome The backpack is soooo badass. I love it and the shipment was fast. The backpack is so much better in person. Also the color is beautiful and its such an eyecatcher.I totally recom. this backpack to everyone.
B005HEPMYS Comfortable The straps are wide and comfortable. Easy tighten and release straps. Vented back Space for your laptop, Tablet And books.
B005HEPXDI my shoes that i saw on the golf channel I loved my shoes they are so sexy I wantto wear them all the time. Im a big fan of ricky fowlers
B005HEPXDI GREAT PRODUCT FOR AN 8 YEAR OLD The child was very happy with this product. Fits well and stlll looks great after a fun summer of golf.
B005HEPXDI Perfect Golf shoes I was at a local golf shop and the gentleman told me that a kids size 6 was equal to a woman's size 7.5. Saved me a ton of money and they're super comfortable. I like that they look and feel like sneakers, even though they have "spikes" on the bottom. Puma always makes a solid shoe, but these golf shoes are perfect.
B005HEQ85U Great buy! I bought this for my boyfriend (now ex boyfriend) as a surprise! It's large enough for a soccer ball, shoes, a change of clothes and a purse (I always stored it in his bag during games)! It is great quality and stands up to Gatorade spills, mud and serious torture that would make any other bag tear into pieces. Highly recommend this product!
B005HEQARQ This backpack ROCKS So many pockets , lightweight , and looks awesome. If you put a laptop in it make sure it has a protective cover. This has very little cushioned areas. Best backpack I ever owned.
B005HEQARQ What a nice bag. I needed a black bag for carrying my reffing paraphernalia and had been looking around till I found this. The weight is just right yet it has a feel of solidity. The zippers are robust and the lightweight straps, to my surprise, work very well. I also like the assortment of pockets particularly the inside bag where I can store my wet gear separate from my other stuff. It's big enough to accommodate everything I need including my jacket. The outside mesh pockets have a thoughtful Velcro closure for sealing in my watch, whistles, and cards that I need quick access to. It takes up little space when empty and can be hung in my closet when not in use. It is obviously designed by someone who uses and appreciates bags.
B005HEQARQ Great Backpack!!! I bought this initially to work out on the gym but have been using it more for school due to the large amount of space it provides.
B005HEQARQ Excellent Travel Carry On Use for carry-on during flights...perfect! Great pocket placement, including a rear security pocket to stash documents, wallet, etc.When not flying, this is my dream come true as my teacher bag. Sturdy, roomy, comfortable to carry.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B005HEQARQ excellent product Use for carry-on during flights...perfect! Great pocket placement, including a rear security pocket to stash documents, wallet, etc.When not flying, this is my dream come true as my teacher bag. Sturdy, roomy, comfortable to carry.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B005HEQARQ Good backpack.  Feels durable The backpack feels incredibly durable.  The bottom has a strong material,  which in my case was always a seller since the bottom will tear a lot.  The pocket on the side fits my gs3 and the headphones.  The only down side is that I wished it had a padded laptop pocket but it's not a deal breaker.  Definitely better than the previous backpacks I owned.
B005HEQARQ Very nice and good size Nice backpack, seems sturdy hoping it holds up. The only issue, which is minor, the straps that  you pull to adjust the shoulder straps , is very slippery. They slide back easily. We just tied them
B005HEQARQ Well built and comfortable This is a really nice backpack. I bought it for my son to go to high-school and it is so useful. It has many compartments to put in all the things you may need and the straps are padded for your comfort. I absolutely  will buy again. The item shipped fast and I'm super happy with this purchase.
B005HEQARQ Rips very easily! Like all the compartments and its lightweight. However, it does not stand upright and the material is so poor that it will tear. Mine tore after a few days of use.
B005I19DHC Slick Sneakers These shoes look good on the screen but even better in person.  The colors are very accurate online the only thing that's hard to make out in the pictures is the fine texture of the nylon.  Love my kicks.
B005I19DJU just as shown Maybe a bit too hipster for me, but figured i would try them out. Would recommend getting additional insoles for extra padding. Nice shoes have had several women comment on them
B005I36VEI Puma I absolutly love this product! Comfortable breathable lightweight and keep shape. I purchased this product because I work in a dental office where i am constantly running around and needed something that could offer me comfort and not have to replace them in a month.
B005I3A752 Great stylish shoes for the rain. I bought these a month or so ago because I walk about 4 miles to and from work.  I take shortcuts through fields, and inevitably, the morning dew leaves me with soaking wet socks and shoes.  I bought the Puma Duck boots as an alternative to the traditional Wellies-style rain boots, because I thought the Pumas would be more practical for walking long distances.  These shoes are perfect!  My feet stay warm and dry, they give me adequate support when I walk, and best of all, they're very stylish.  I seem to get compliments every time I wear them, and I'm happy to have found an alternative to the more common rain boots I spot on the college campus where I work.  These are highly recommended!
B005I6YAU2 Great Cleats The cleats are sturdy and are great for grass fields. These cleats are highly recommended by me. The fit is great too. There is a nice feel and they are comfortable.
B005I722II Sooo perfect!!! Great traction and it looks incredibly fashionable. All the GUYS were loving it, good thing it didn't fit them or else I would of got home with no shoes.
B005IKILF8 Puma Women's Future Cat Remix Laceup Very stylish to look at. A bit snug across the feet but okey to walk in. Maybe the width of the shoesI chose was not correct.Anne-Marie S
B005IKILF8 Comfortable Was looking for something to wear when at work, I stand all day on concrete. They are very comfortable and look very nice. True to size
B005IKIM5W Comfortable Since I got them I wear them every day, they are very light and cute and comfortable. Was a good choice and maybe a good price. Love them.
B005IKIS9C comfortable I have been wearing these for over a year. I love them!!! I wear them almost everyday and they are still in super condition .I definitely would consider buying them again.
B005IKIS9C as usual, puma's are great my wifes loved these, she just went on and on about how much she enjoyed them. another great purchase through amazon
B005IKJ2D8 good buy I bought this sneakers for my wife as a Christmas gift, and I was not sure if she was going to like it..well she did and they look nice.
B005IKJ2D8 i love my puma I HAVE JUST RECEIVED MY COMFORTABLE,, STYLISH PUMA  SNEAKERS. MY ORDER CAME ON TIME AND I AM SO HAPPY WITH IT, FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR IT I WILL NOT  EXCHANGE COMFORT FOR PRICE. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR A SPEEDY DELIVERY!!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM . IT  COULD BE WORN WITH ANY APPAREL.
B005IKJ2D8 Love these Puma's I always have the hardest time finding tennis shoes that look cute and are comfortable.. these are both! I almost feel barefoot! They look little but are very roomy which helps since I have a wide foot and don't like to make my foot look fat. Yeah I know silly and vain but true, so these are perfect they make my foot look little but give me a lot of room inside, don't know how they did it but I'm now a Puma woman for life!
B005IKJ2D8 Puma Sneaker Arrived perfectly and in great gift giving box! Just as advertised, great experience. I would definately do this again :)
B005ILJRLE Cute and fit well Bought these for my 6 yr old son.  They look so cute on and are wearing well as he is super active.
B005JKM3A6 I love it The best
B005LC5FTS Puma is Puma Had this bag since December of 2012. Only one string of the zipper has popped. It's an awesome backpack all around. Spacious inside and in the front compartments. More than enough room is in the top compartment as well for that easy access. Puma needs to construct their zippers better, that's my only issue. I own many Puma products but two bags, and in both bags, the string has popped.
B005LC5FTS Love it! Love it!
B005LC5FTS cute and good price good size for school and general use like carrying a laptop. Cute design for the price compare to Nike and Adidas..
B005LC5FTS Not bad Slightly smaller then it looked online but still very nice and as for the zippers, they seem pretty fragile but it holds well
B005LCBNPI Fantastic! Worth the extra money. It is very well made. A little bigger than the other bags. Pockets are well thought out and roomy. Great work out or weekend bag (for summer). Rigid bottom with feet. Would buy again but is well enough made that I shouldn't have to for years.
B005LCD60I LAB II cool appearance and awesome quality craftsmanship! ( bought for my brother as a gift, it seems he likes them a lot)
B005LCD60I Love these sneakers! Love these sneakers! Very comfortable and nice sneakers! Just what I needed!Got them in few days after ordering!Very good service! Thanks!
B005LCD60I Nice shoes. Bought it as a gift for my younger brother, he now wears them all the time. I love my pumas, and he does too!
B005LCD60I I really like Delivery on time excellent shoes I recommend these product to whoever wants to wear cool, relax...the material is confortable and the size is perfect..
B005LCD60I Comfortable I have to say, it took me a bit to search out what I wanted, but Puma has always been a decent name so I went with it. I am so glad I did. These are just really comfortable sneaks for a number of things, but I like using them for stage as a musician. They feel good, hug the foot and allow me good movement..
B005LCD60I Comfy, Light Shoes Shoes are as shown. Very comfortable and light on the feet. On top of that, they are stylish and go well with essentially anything I wear. Highly recommend.
B005LCD60I Great Comfy and stylish, my only complaint is they don't have a loop on the tongue that attaches to the laces so the tongue slips down when I am slipping them on sometimes. Otherwise great, and comfy from the first time I put them on.
B005LCE58A Can't complain Very sturdy and easy to lug around. Love the shoe pouch, very easy to put and remove shoes. Pretty spacious for what I want to do with my gym bag. Its has nice and deep side pouch and a wallet / key inside pouch.Would be a 5-starer, but its a little pricey,
B005LCE58A Works perfect for my Pickleball gear Well made.  It appears it will survive a lot of abuse for a long time.  Pockets on the ends are very handy for separating type of equipment.  Wet clothes pocket perfect for sweaty clothing.  Plenty of room for paddles, shoes, etc.
B005LCE58A Perfect gym duffel for largeish man I'm 6'0", size 11 sneakers, size L/XL gym gear.  It all fits in this bag.  Sneakers (in their own compartment) weight belt, shorts, shirts, socks, knee brace, gloves, wraps, tape, towel, extra briefs, and band-aids.  It's not stuffed with all this stuff in it.  Nice shoulder strap.  I ordered about 6 different medium bags to test, this one was by far the winner for me.  It's perfect.
B005LCE58A Enough room for everything. Great bag. The shoe holder part is great. keeps the dirt off of my clothes. Enough room for a full change of clothes, towel and wash cloth, and had a small zip pocket inside that is great for soap(which i assume is what its for). If you are bringing supplements and a full load of clothes you may need more room.
B005LCE58A Love the size. color, and function Pros:1) Has a separate compartment for shoes to keep them off your clothes and it is vented to reduce odor problems.2) Lightweight and pliable, which means it easily goes into even the smallest locker.3) Very good size.Cons:Wish it had places for a couple of water bottles, but then it wouldn't look as good.
B005LCE58A A great gym bag with many uses. I purchased this to bring to the gym with me, and it works amazing. It's high quality material and has a ton of room. If I need to pack it full of stuff to go play a full on field sport event it has the capacity, if I need it just to go to the gym it compresses down so you can fit it in the not so large sized lockers. I don't have any complaints whatsoever with it.
B005LCE58A Puma Duffel I bought this for my husband for XMAS he loves it. Very roomy and well made.  He takes it to the gym all the time and gets compliments on it.  A must buy for any gym lover! PUMA is an excellent product.
B005LCE58A Solid purchase Great size for a workout, and loving the shoe compartment. Would have gone 5 stars but I wish there were a little more space for toiletries.
B005LCE58A Its thin and holds stuff For being one of the top rated bags on amazon i was surprised at how thin the bag was and how hard it was to put my shoes in the shoe compartment while there was other things in the main compartment.  I give it a resounding 'meh'.
B005LCE58A SHOULDER STRAP TOO LONG IT COULD ALSO USE ANOTHER OUTSIDE MESH POCKET FOR WET CLOTHING SUCH AS A SWIMSUIT. THE SHOE POCKET IS NICE.
B005LCE58A Excellent PUMA Men's Teamsport Formation 20 Inch Duffel Bag, is a good looking item that represent mark Puma.you can buy it with confidence.
B005LCE58A Mostly happy Pretty much exactly as described in the product description.  Very nicely sized for a set of shoes and a full set of sweats... and then some snacks, a kindle, headphones, other random stuff.  My only complaint is that the zippers aren't the most sturdy in the world, so I feel like I have to be careful with them.
B005LCE58A Gave as a gift and he loves it! This is a great bag, I gave it as a gift for my fiance' to use for the gym and it works perfect for him. It's also simple and classic and he takes it on the train with him everyday to work. Very happy with this purchase!
B005LCE58A Excellent Perfect size for gym. No need for large bulky gym bags. This will be my gym bag for a really long time
B005LCE58A Nice duffle bag It's a nice duffle bag, big enough to carry all the stuff for my Swimming activities. The thing I'm a little disapointed with is that it arrives with a small stain of yellow glue or kind of that near the stripe. Other wise I recommed this product.
B005LCE58A Amazing bargain - Size of the bag is apt for gym purpose- Special shoe section makes it much more worthy of the purchase- strong and light weight
B005LCE58A Great for price. Bag serves it's purpose.  It's small but works well for what I need it for-- to bring shoes, toiletry kit, underwear, and socks.
B005LCE58A Fast and what I expected I bought it for my boyfriend's bday gift. He really like the shoe compartment option to put his work out shoes in.
B005LCE58A All good I am happy, can't complain.  If you have huge feet you can expect that most of the space will be taken by your shoes/boots.
B005LCE58A Good Size - Slight Zipper Problem Perfect size for the gym. Like the bright colors and the ventilated shoe pouch. The zipper sticks a bit when I go to open it sometimes, but a quick pull will fix the issue. Otherwise would be 5 star.
B005LCE58A Perfect size Great bag, durable and perfect for everyday use. Fits easily into a locker and the separate shoe section is great for winter climates where you have to bring a change of shoes with you everywhere.
B005LCE58A Great product, right size This is a great gym bag and features everything that the description claims. The only slight issue is that it is a bit thin, but still durable.
B005LCE58A Good workout bag Well constructed, good size! My husband did wish there was another inside pocket to hold extra socks and such items.
B005LCE58A Great gym bag at great price! Don't normally write reviews only when I'm excited about the product and this is the case: super lightweight, functional and cool looking for both genders!
B005LCE58A Serves the purpose Bought it for my gym needs. Serves the purpose. Material looks cheap.
B005LCE58A Great gym bag! I take this puppy to work every day and it's the perfect size for my shoes, workout clothes & towel, and a lunch cooler. One of my favorite things about it is the ease of the zipper. You can actually unzip it with one hand instead of having to hold it down with one and unzip with the other. Not sure why but for some reason that has made me very happy. I got the blue color and it's pretty shard. Not too thick but it looks to be stitched pretty well so from what I can see it looks like it'll hold up well. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a medium sized gym bag.
B005LCE58A Great product What can I say? It is exactly what it claimed to be, and it suits my needs just as I expected.
B005LCE58A NIce gymbag This is the bag I have been looking for. Well-sized for my locker, a pretty color, seems durable, with a nice padded strap.Strange that it shows up as a &#34;men's&#34; bag, not sure why it has that classification, but I like it.
B005LCE58A Worth the money invested This bag is worth the money invested on it. This cannot be used for long journeys or not even short journeys. But if you are looking to hit the gym or go on a daylong trip this is definitely worth buying.
B005LCE58A Excellent, best gym back I've had over 30 years of working out!` Loved the color and the straps were perfect.  The two extra side pockets was extra feature I had no idea they existed.  Sturdy and reading to put it to the work out.Nelson
B005LCE58A Exactly what I needed. I had been carrying my gym clothes in a duffel bag but I needed something more constructed. This bag is great because it is easy to carry with a wide shoulder strap. There is a separate shoe compartment on one end and another small pocket on the other. I carry sneakers, flip flops, water bottle and workout clothes with no problem. If there was one thing I would like it would be a waterproof pocket for wet swimsuits.
B005LCE58A Excellent for the gym This bag is excellent for gym use. It has an inside pocket to put the wallet, keys, etc; 1 side pocket to put wet things and shoes so the won't damage your cloths in the principal space; another side pocket to put anything you want like your bath things, protein, gloves, etc and the principal medium pocket to put your clothes and everything you want. A lot of space and great material and beautifulHighly recommended for quality and price.
B005LCE58A Really Nice. Really awesome back, God Size has the good sporty looks easy to carry and have enough space inside and the side 2 pockets make it easier to keep and remove things.
B005LCE58A Is cheap and feels cheap Honestly I thought it was a little sturdier and kept its shape. This thing is very soft and folds easily. But for the price I guess I can't complain
B005LCE58A Freaking awesome! Fits all my gym stuff in it. Jock, jeans, shorts, shoes, toiletries, water, workout supplements and shirt. Great material!I prefer this over my old leather one any day!
B005LCE58A more spacious than it looks! I'll admit when I received the bag I was a bit disappointed. It seemed smaller than pictured and I thought it wasn't going to fit my needs. I've been using it for a few weeks now and I've completely changed my mind!The quality of the material is no different from any other gym bag. It seems to be strong and well made. It has got great space as well. I was able to fit a change of clothes (t-shirt, jeans, underwear, bra, and socks), a good-sized towel, 2 sets of shoes (street shoes and shower flip-flops) in the shoe compartment, shampoo, conditioner, soap, makeup, jewelry, ipod with headphones, wallet, water bottle, keys, and deodorant with plenty of room to spare! Great if you plan on going in the mornings and want to go straight from the gym to work/whatever you have planned for the day.
B005LCE58A Right Sized The shoe pocket is great. For normal fitness center use, offers ample room.Could do with some more pockets for knick-knacks
B005LCE58A Awesome space I was tired of using a backpack for the gym and then throwing it away months later when it smelled of sweat too much. This one is great barbecue the shoe compartment(awesome on its own) has vents(small but effective). Im not too much of sweaty smelly guy, but when my shoes got wet on a hard cardio day, and I stuffed them into a backpack for hours, they would transform into an odious monster of smell.If it wasn't clear from the description, there is a pocket at both ends(one a normal one and one for your shoes). Then there is a middle compartment that is fairly large but loses space to the shoes in the outside compartment when that compartment is filled. Decent amount of space in total, I fit gym cloths, deodorant, boots sometimes with space to spare.Only negative was the shoulder strap was too long to be comfortable even when adjusted(I am pretty short, 5'7). I rigged it to be better.
B005LCE58A Great Christmas Gift For the son-in-law who has everything - this bag is terrific - added custom made t-shirts - made a great Christmas gift he loved.
B005LCE58A Received defective bag In general the item is good (I mean the size and design was almost as expected). But there are the lot of visible spots on it and in inner side of the spots are damaged parts. It seems that bag is defective or somehow is used :(  Unfortunately currently I do not have any chance to return it. I'm very disappointed.
B005LCE58A Good PERIOD. Good....Good...Good. Small bag.. looking for this kind of bag since long. It holds 3 pairs of cloths. and you can keep you shoes as well ( or you can use it to keep used clothes as well ..good).
B005LCE58A Really good bag for the gym This bag serves it's purpose well.If I had to break it down though,Pros:&#8226; Extra space for keeping shoes (With tiny holes for ventilation)&#8226;Small pocket inside for storing a wallet, earphones etc&#8226; Large pocket on the side for extra storage.&#8226; LOTS of space even after keeping a change of clothes. I even keep my laptop in the bag, and it all still fits in well.&#8226; StylishCons:&#8226;Should have an extra space specifically for water like a lot of other gym bags do.
B005LCEGM0 Big, but flimsy. The 24-inch bag is big enough to fit just about everything you could possibly want. Only downside is it is quite flimsy. Just wish it was more sturdy, at least the bottom. Other than that this product is great. I love the separate shoe compartment!
B005LCEGM0 Nice and spacious bag I bought this to carry stuff for my training. Its quite spacious and has a separate pocket to keep the shoes. It may even be good enough to carry for a short trip. I was expecting the fabric to be little siffer so that the bag can have its own shape; but its not. If you are not looking to carry large amount of stuff for gym or anything else, go for smaller sizes.
B005LCEGM0 Met my expectations Product came with no defects, light, large, and easy to carry. This product met my expectations. I would recommend this bag.
B005LCEGM0 Very nice I use it for my bikram yoga and it has the perfect space for two large towels, yoga mat .
B005LCEGM0 Great design The design is great, and it has the exact number and size of pockets I need to carry all of my gym equipment.
B005LCEGM0 worthwhile bag. like the color, the compartments are well-planned. nice material and the zippers are problem free. wish it had a long shoulder strap though. ...
B005LCEGM0 Just the right size I bought this bag to carry my camping tent, and ground cloth in. So far it's holding up fine. I'm going to,order another one
B005LCEGM0 Happy There is another pocket that the pictures do not show. And the bag is way bigger than it looks like in the picture which is good! There is so much space. I can put my 1 liter water bottle inside, a sweat towel, my protein shake, my protein bars and even some extra pair of gym clothes if I need! I will never have an excuse again to not go to the gym.
B005LCEGM0 It's alright, as advertised. Item came with a stain on the flap but had a trip the next day. Was disappointing to be placed in that situation.
B005LCEGM0 should have bought a back-pack Should have bought a pack-packIts hard to get stuff in and out of at the guy and the zipper broke
B005LCEGM0 excellent perfect an excellent article and I recommend buying all this lump filled my expectations, is comfortable, beautiful, practical ... has everything you wanted
B005LCEGM0 Just how it's described Love it! Very easy & convinient & great part is that it's just the way it's described. Good work & Promply shipped too!
B005LCEGM0 Thank You Very good thanks i like this  thank You for this one ! Im happy with my puma bag ! ,
B005LCEGM0 Nice product haven't fully tested but its a good looking bag and it has a nice shoes pouch.I wouldn't recommend it is your not a hard core gym athlete  since it seem to be more for the causal trainer
B005LCENDC Great material, durable but much bigger than I expected. If you're not a 6' guy/girl don't expect to carry (by hand) this without dragging it on the floor.  The inner base isn't hard enough to carry the weight of whatever you put inside, so the middle sags down.  Otherwise this is a great bag.
B005LCENDC Awesome! Very light weight. Very big. Would fit a couple of human size zombies. I used this as a carry on to lug a ton of clothes on a trip. This bag does magic when fitting into the carry on space.
B005LCENV4 One Star Not as pictured, straps are made of rope.
B005LCENV4 Worth the money I choose this rating because its pretty big with a small pocket with zipper inside of it. The only thing i put inside was wallet, extra water bottle of water and etc. I mainly use it for when i go bike riding with my friends. Its amazing how much it can hold without being rip compare to my old one. The only con is the line is too long which i'm fine with it, but it keep slipping down when biking.
B005LCENV4 Cute So cute yet not the material i was hoping it was made from but works for now thank you :)
B005LCENV4 not only for gym use i had one of these before and it was great i got two because i use one for school the bad is so big it can hold 3 text book and 4 1 inch binders and i use the other one for when i go to the gym and it can still hold a lot
B005LCENV4 Five Stars excellent
B005LCENV4 my son likes it. Bought it for my son as a gym bag so far he likes it. He's a very picky person so if he likes it that's good enough for me.
B005LCENV4 Its ok ITs a light bag, I end up not using it preferring the usual backpack with better grip and pockets.It really needs better grip
B005LCENV4 decent Guess it does the job but should not be priced as high as some of the other gym bags like this one. Other bags at same price has more features such as aadditional pockets and side nets. This one is very simple and because of this it should cost less
B005LCENV4 it's pretty basic, don't get excited. Needed a cheap bag for the gym and can't complain with the price. Not sure how it will do for longevity, but for now it's doing what it needs to do!
B005LCENV4 Does the trick I got 2 of these bags because I loved how the straps looked in the pictures... it's been very hard to find gym bags like these that don't have the flimsy, cheap, rope-like straps & these appeared to be MUCH more sturdy & therefore comfortable!  Well, we most certainly did not receive the bags pictured on here.  The rest of the bag is the same & holds quite a bit of stuff, but the straps are most uncomfortable.  If you don't care about how the straps are, then you may like the bag.  The orange & red colors we received are as pictured, but we were not very happy campers with these......
B005LCENV4 Sturdy, large. I had to laugh when I read this was a &#34;men's&#34; bag in the description. As a woman, I can tell you it's just great for us too.This bag is good quality. I've had several of these type of gym shoe bags rip open. This one has been very sturdy so far, and it fits a lot. I use it to go to and from school. I don't keep a laptop in there, but it fits a couple of folders, a small tablet, a shirt, flip flops, and a stethoscope all at once. So it's pretty good. It doesn't ruin my clothing like my other, larger backpacks.
B005LCENV4 Great Product I received this gymsack and I was amazed at how sturdy it felt. After trying it out I can say that it is durable, looks great and I can fit my cleats and a few more items in it at the same time. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a durable gymsack.
B005LCENV4 It's just ok- straps are in fact rope Just as another reviewer had stated, the straps are NOT what is pictured.  They are the traditional ROPE.  The quality of the actual bag is nice and the red is bright.
B005LCENV4 Super cute and comfy Big enough to hold what you need for the gym!  If I change at home, I'll bring this bag with me.  Fits my house & car keys, towel, water bottle, my ready-to-go protein shake, etc etc.  Straps are thicker than normal which makes it more comfortable to wear on your bare shoulders.I also love the sporty pink color :)
B005LCENV4 Puma Gym Bag I had an issue with the delivery, but fortunately they fixed it and sent me a new one (priority mail), it looks good and is perfect to use to go to the gym. Love the small inside pocket you can put your wallet and keys. As a Puma fan I highly recommend this product.
B005LCENV4 Nice straps! I like the wider straps on this that are less cutting than the lace design of some drawstring bags. Nice color scheme too! I know these types of bags don't last forever, but this one is well made.
B005LCENV4 Great for bike riding Bought this product for bike riding and I love it!! I use it to throw my work clothes in, lunch, tools for my job and running errands. Great buy and very lightweight. Very affordable and great deal!
B005LCENV4 Exceeds Expectation I think the product exceeded my expectation. It hold my full lenght towel, a change of clothes(t shirt, shorts and innerwear), a shower gel, deodorant, sometimes my shoes & key and such knick knacks.
B005LCENV4 So cute! Great color. The green actually is darker in person than in the picture, but I'm okay with that. Size is also bigger than I thought. It's a little stiff still, but I'm hoping it will soften with use. Like the convenient zipper pouch inside to keep my small items secure, and hidden. Great buy.
B005LCENV4 Great sports bag! I ordered this for my son and he loves it!  It was exactly what he was looking for.  I'm happy with the quick delivery and the price!
B005LCENV4 just right I love this pack, it's just right for few smallish items that you need with you, my wife calls it my purse, I use it A LOT
B005LCENV4 Works well I use it when I go on moderate hiking trails. The bag itself is lightweight, so it's good to know that I'm not lugging unnecessary weight on my back. Holds a decent amount of stuff too.
B005LCENV4 Great small pack Wasn't sure how much use we would get out of this little pack, but turns out it has come in handy quite a few times.  My son has a sports duffel as well as a backpack.  However, when he is preparing for sporting events, he likes having a separate pack to keep clean clothes in to change into after the game.  Very handy to keep separate from sweaty sports clothes and equipment!
B005LCENV4 so far so good bought this before my trip to thailand, took it everywhere and continue to take it everywhere, does the job and hasnt ripped yet, cant complain!
B005LCENV4 Five Stars Fast shipping my son loved it
B005LCENV4 Five star That's so good, the great thing. You need buy one Puma's sport bag. I'm so happy with my purchase. I wanna buy a lot of this.
B005LCENV4 Love it! Love it! It is very durable the rope straps are thick! Perfect for work! You can't beat the price either!
B005LCENV4 Exactly what I was looking for. This bag is made of very durable material. I often stuff it pretty full, and the zippered pouch at the mouth is big enough for me to throw my cell phone, keys, and overstuffed single fold wallet so they don't get lost at the bottom. The drawstrings make it a good substitute for a yoga mat bag as well.
B005LCENV4 Serves it's purpose... It's a cinch-string bag. The best price I could find, but the strings had some parts that had tears in them straight out of the package. Not enough of an issue to warrant a return, but I would consider ordering elsewhere had I known.
B005LCENV4 Great to take to the gym I use it to carry my weight belt, chalk, pad and pencil and water bottle when going to the gym floor. Convenient to carry around.
B005LCENV4 The bag is great, why Amazon charges more than the suggested retail on the packaging is a mystery The retail price is $12.99, says so right on the packaging so how Amazon charges from $13.14 up to $16.99 depending on color is beyond me. The bag is great quality and my straps are nylon like the picture shows not rope like some had received. I can fit running shoes, towel, change of clothes, water bottle, a book, my purse and a snack in here very comfortably. NIcely made, not cheap.
B005LCENV4 Looks nice and well made Is easy to carry, and it looks nice and well made. I will use to carry a towel and sandals. It meets my expectations for the price.
B005LVNP3M Puma capri Love the colors the capri has I bought a top that would match and they look great can't wait to show them off.
B005LX809Y Awesom My husband is extremely picky when it comes to his boxer briefs and these are perfect.  They are comfortable and relaxing!  Will definitely purchase from again.  Thank you.
B005OKF984 GREAT arrived early. perfect size and gift wrapped beautifully! my boyfriend loved it. it was better than the picture. arrived ll the way to afghan!
B005OKFLLE Extremly pleased I'm usually skeptic about buying shoes without trying them on... But the deal was good and I gave it a shot.  They are very comfortable, and have great support. I've gotten several compliments on them.  Not too bad, but the only thing I could say somewhat negative about them is they don't breath as well as some of my other shoes.
B005OKG942 Great quality Well made, strongly constructed, real eye catcher, nice to be different from the crowd of airmaxs around me. Snug fit but still comfortable. Delivered on time as promised, though they could be faster.
B005OKY03Y Puma My son's feet had not been able to fit into anything less then a mens 15; or so I thought~ He is really according to the Dr. a 13 EEE, that being said; they had &#34;room to grow&#34; but the size made up for the with; my son loved the sneaker in general; looks, color, comfort.
B005OKYZWA Great basic puma Nice colors and bright colors.  I would not buy these for a kid who's hard on shoes, because the white would be to hard to keep clean.  The guy wearing these is careful with everything he owns.
B005OKZ600 Very comfortable and lightweight. I purchased these shoes for my husband and he uses them most of the time.  They are very light and comfortable.  The material allows the feet to breathe and stay cool.
B005OLUFK0 Comfortable and lightweight A very good choice for my lifestyle in constant motion. Ideal for walks at work. Very well adjusted to my measurements. Very happy with my shoes.
B005OMD5ZG nice shoes i order these for my bf's friend. he loves them and says how they fit so well. i dont think he ever takes them off. he loves them
B005OMEGTA Puma I bought these shoes they are great they keep me cool and good in summer time heat!  Very stylish and light weight.
B005OMEGTA Excellent shoe! I only wear Puma shoes, and needed something for the upcoming Texas summer heat. I figured the mesh would be ideal for beating the heat. When I received these I put them on and could immediately tell the difference from the other pairs I own. They are very comfortable and obviously easy to put on. I plan on buying another color to add to the collection.
B005OMEGTA Actually better than what i expected. When I got my shoes I was impressed. They were exactly what I thought they would be. The box was in great condition and I loved the puma sack.
B005OMEM2Q still kicking I where theses shoes strictly at work and they are starting to wear through only after 6 months. should have shopped in a store.
B005OMFAYK Excelent and very comfortable sneakers very light and comfortable. excellents for informal dressing, walking and log standing days. recommend in full this sneakers. enjoy it.
B005OMFAYK Looked good in the box These are interesting looking shoes for sure.  I've received several unexpected comments about their interesting appearance. Mine have the read strap that highlights the Roman sandal concept.  They're Pumas so I didn't expect a lot of arch support but I expect these shoes would be suitable for flat-footed person.  The material is very light and cool so that's a plus.  My main point of dissatisfaction with them is the inadequate velcro on the straps that secure the fold over the top of the shoe.  I purchased these for my treadmill and they are adequate for that use with the addition of an insert.  I have twice worn them to 12 hour shifts at work and both times regretted it greatly at the end of the day.PROs:light weightinteresting appearanceunique fold over topCONs:inadequate velcro to secure the strapspoor accommodation of the arch
B005OMFAYK My new "go to" sneakers Love these shoes. They are unique without being overly flashy. They are crazy lightweight, the weight is like wearing flip flops and the mesh breathes really well so no sweaty "stank" feet. Wish the velcro pad was a little bigger to secure a little better but this is more a personal wish than a downfall with the product.
B005OMFAYK nice! this is exactly what i expected greatg buy for the price. i bought it for my husband and he loves it too!!
B005OMFEM8 Noticeably larger strides Love these shoes,look great, comfortable, durable,noticeably larger stridesafter using
B005ON39OC great gift for the lady Wife loves them. Says they are so light it feels like shes barefoot, and the mesh lets her feet breath
B005ON39OC Okay.. It has taken quite a few miles to break these in, the back really dug into my ankles.  I don't need any special support, so these were fine in that department...They are very breathable!  I love the mesh - my feet don't get that gross &#34;swamp&#34; feeling in the summer, the con here, though, is if you're running outside or on trails, dirt is more likely to get in there.  The good outweighs the bad.
B005ON39OC Great, breathable shoes These shoes keep my feet cool, and are very supportive. However, if I don't wear higher socks, they rub against the back of my ankle which is painful. But I like them so much otherwise, I wear them to the gym every day.
B005ON39OC Super light shoe These are very incredibly light weight shoes, they weigh nothing!  Great for summer because they are made out mesh and let air through, though you definitely need socks as the mesh on the inside is a bit rough.  I haven't had them long enough to know if they wear well.  They run at least a half size small, why I didn't give them five stars. Very CUTE, get tons of compliments.
B005ONTJPA Great active guy's accessory Durable,Accurate,Aesthetically pleasant...
B005OS2EYI Great for all around exercise I am a beginning exerciser in a bunch of different areas but I can't afford a different pair of sneakers tailored to every activity. These crossfit shoes work well for jogging, elliptical, biking, and strength training. And of course they are good for walking. They are very sleek and cute as well which can be hard to find in good athletic shoes.
B005OS7VPA Love! I love these sneakers. They are very comfortable and I can walk long distances in them. Made it a week in Disney with no issues!
B005OS839I very good Very good the truth. Until now there were problems. At first it is a little hard but then it gets comfortable.
B005OT0XFO Sizes different Great shoes! Just different sizes than the normal puma sneaker. I'm a 10 In sneaker and it's always been snug. A 10 in these my feet come out a lot. They are a lot bigger.
B005OT0XFO Must buy it Excellent product. Love color. Not hurt my foot. Cozy for walk. With or without sock. Just love it. More..more. Especially this item not sell at my country. So, like find treasury.
B005OT1UI8 Cute and Comfortable These shoes are both cute and comfortable.  They are a great alternative to clunky tennis shoes.  I would suggest ordering a 1/2 size smaller than you usually wear. I first ordered a 7, but they were too large.  I confidently replaced them with a 6 1/2 after reading recommendations on another  site.
B005OT1UI8 Great purchase I bought these because I work in the hospital and I dont like the way larger sneakers look with scrubs. These were a comfortable, cute alternative. I love them & I get a lot of compliments on them. I bought small socks to go underneath so not sure if they would rub in certain places without them. I would definitely get them again and might explore if they come in different colors soon...
B005OT1UI8 Just what I was hoping for! I bought these to take on a trip after looking at dozens of sandals/sport shoes/etc. and was hoping they would fit and I wouldn't have to send them back.  Right out of the box they fit great, were very comfortable, and have the look I was hoping for (to go with skorts, jeans, etc.).  I have worn them for a few hours and they seem very slightly big, not a problem, but I was afraid as I wore them they might stretch a little and it could be more of a problem.  Time will tell on that score, but so far I really like them and the look is just what I wanted.  Thanks, Puma, for being the star after a long search!UPDATE:  Just returned from a trip to the Caribbean and these were worth every penny and more!  Somehow these shoes are form-fitting yet roomy - so comfortable, even after trips through airports (great for slipping off and on at security).  Had a slight blister on one heel after sight-seeing for a few hours but threw on a Band-Aid and all was well for the rest of the trip.  So great because they look good with jeans and skorts and I know I will be wearing them all summer long.
B005OT25G4 Perfect fit! Just what I wanted, they are very comfy, breathe well, yet look sporty and stylish. Great for travel as they are slip ons
B005OT25G4 so cute and comfortable i use these for my yogd,line dancing ,zumba,classes and get so many compliments on them ,but they are so lite and so cute ,i find myself putting them on for running errands,grocery shopping,going to the mall..you will love this shoe
B005OT25G4 Light & Airy Comfortable wear, can wear with work outfits for a comfortable day at office or looks great with capris. Good for easy walks, biking, or just lounging around.
B005OT8608 Try to buy, great seller!! Nice sport shoes, very confortable and daily use, easy to clean, fix with any style..... i recommend you, order now!!
B005OT9Q98 Great affordable sneaker I go running in these and have never experienced any issues. They are very comfortable, great design, and simple. My favorite part is they are so lightweight.
B005OTA9R6 not good for zumba I thought these would be good for zumba. M y feet were very sore after wearing them, I thought they would slide on the floor well, but they stuck tot the floor.
B005OTA9R6 Comfy, but not very durable I needed black simple shoes to wear at work. For people who have worn pumas before, they fit just as expected. The shoes were very comfortable, but they are not made for everyday use. After I got them wet for the first time they started to deteriorate rather quickly. The inner sole started to fall apart until they became unwearable.
B005OTA9R6 Like the Brand I bought these for my cousin's 8 year old daughter, who loved them.  I was the coolest cousin at the birthday party.
B005OTA9R6 Pumas are the best I don't like anything heavy on my feet.  These are perfect for walking and also for my daily exercising. Most athleticShoes heavy. I always sticker to Pumas.
B005OTA9R6 Great for Zumba These dance shoes are great for doing Zumba. I would recommend them to anyone who does Zumba excercising. Good seller, great product
B005OTA9R6 Adorable athletics Absolutely adorable. Fit is very nice. Perfect for vegans as they are not made of leather but rubber rather. They do however squeak until you break them in. I use these shoes for work where I am on my feet all day.
B005OTA9R6 I like them because they are light, and the ball under the front makes it easy for me to turn. They are easy to dance in.  I like them for exercising... will use them in my zumba  class... &#34;good fit.&#34;
B005OTA9R6 Love these shoes b They are very comfy!! I wear them to Zumba class.  I felt a difference right away. I had knee pain from not wearing the proper shoes. These help.
B005OTA9R6 Great zumba shoe I love them. They are perfect for zumba and cute too. I would recommend these to anyone that does zumba
B005OTA9R6 Great look, they are good for walking Even one of my Dr. saw them and with bouncing from room to room she said they were great! she is on her feet for 9 to 10 hours, I just love the clean look, I never had a problem with anything puma makes.
B005OTA9R6 Looking for branded dance shoes Its comfortable, shipped on time and gift to my wife who is happy. Well done Amazon for assisting me for this shoe. Puma is always having special place in my wife's heart.
B005OTA9R6 Not for Zumba I specifically bought these to wear to Zumba and in my opinion they did not work.  There was no ankle support and so my ankle would roll.  I love how they look but not made for Zumba. Boo.
B005OTA9R6 Upsetting!! The sneaker is clumsy to dance in, very upset about and does not allow the freedom to dance easily.  It was a chore the entire night and do not think I will ever wear again - would love to send back and get something different!!
B005OTA9R6 Three Stars They are stiff so take a whole to break in.
B005OTA9R6 Love these! I couldn't find these in a size 8, so I went with the 7.5. Glad I did, they fit perfect! Again with the slippery material inside, wear thick socks till you break them in, or expect to get blisters.
B005OTA9R6 Firm but still flexible I wear these shoes for kickboxing so that I can still pivot for roundhouse kicks.  They have a lot more support than the Adidas martial arts shoes I previously wore.  My only complaint (and it is small) is that the laces are not cotton so they become untied more easily.  But, laces are easy to replace.
B005OTA9R6 My Grandma Brought These My Grandma Brought Her These Shoes And I Think She Likes Them She Wears It Everyday So I Would SHe Liked Them
B005OTA9R6 Love them I love them. They're sleek and supportive and comfortable. The shoes have a pointier toe than I realized they would but it doesn't look bad. I can stand in them for hours and feel great.
B005OTA9R6 My daughterlove it My daughter shes was very excited and very happy for this's kind of shoes very comfortable for walk and made exercise
B005OTA9R6 Very Cute! Fit very well! Comfortable and very cute! It said raspberry but some sites made it look red! Its is a darker pink, but pink none the less. The shoelaces are very thin but it goes well with the shoe. I want to buy the mint coloured ones now!
B005OTA9R6 I Like Its Its perfect And i Like ... I love this... Is as expected, they are too confortable.. Very good n.n thanks
B005OTY71U Comfy and fashionable My youngest loves &#34;comfy pants&#34; and these are perfect.  They are washed and worn often and are holding up well.
B005PHHI76 Very good and light I bought it for my wife and while their hands are small the relog looks amazing, I dloy 4 stars because the spec says ahuanta water pressure in my 50 manual says only holds relog wash hands and nothing more.
B005PHHI76 Cute! the clock is more cute that i expected, is very comfortable, be definitively recommend this clock d d d d
B005PVN754 Excellent Although I thought it was gray, and came in black, I put them on and loved.They are comfortable, elegant and stylish they are my new favorite shoes.  Great product.
B005PVNAT2 Great looking shoe, gets dirty easily It's a Clyde, fits like a Clyde, but with a unique look. Wish it was a bit more breathable, but overall it's not bad in that area. I like them a lot, but you definitely need to be careful and/or spray some stain guard on them.
B005PVNAT2 run big they were nice but had to return them because they run big. My husband typically wears an 11 in Puma, but in this style a 10.5
B005PZ8YXA Beautiful color It will be easy to pick him out on the soccer field wearing this beautiful blue shirt.  When I gave it to him he exclaimed &#34;I love Puma!&#34; Four years old and male and he loves a line of clothing already, or is it the big cat?  True to size, soft cotton and wears well.
B005R49EI8 Puma the best !!!!!! I bought this Puma Lemon Lime colour on Amazon and my daughter who is ten years old love it!!!!.  I think the colour is very nice I love how the yellow matches with the blue around it!!.  Thanks Amazon !!.
B005R4MF8Y Fancy Shoes:) Beautiful, extra light weighted, what my son says &#34;fancy&#34; shoes! Very happy with the purchase. I highly recommend for summer!
B005R506IO Very nice shoe Purchased for my 14 year old niece for back to school. She loves the colors. Fits nice. Would've definitely recommend.
B005R506IO Two Stars Se despegan rapido
B005R506IO casual style for girls This sneaker is casual and stylish.  My daughter loves the colors and comfort. I do not consider it to be a running shoe however.
B005R506IO glad i still where kids shoes cant beat the price cause im 34 and where a 5 in youth. this shoe is always what I wanted but the malls always overcharged it. so needles to say I bought on here. fast shipment and came with a free puma bag. awesome
B005R506IO My son loves them He likes Puma.He likes the shape.He likes the colorHe simply loves these shoes.Nothing to add, really
B005R506IO Perfect! I had no complaints whatsoever and the sneaker packaging was so cute. No complaints whatsoever about this sneakers and packaging.
B005R506IO My son love them. Quick delivery. My son love them.
B005R506IO perfect!!! Love the slip cover bag .. Will be building my collection of Puma.. Love their many colorful selection of sneakers.
B005R506IO sneacker My son is in love with the sneackers he said its comfortable i just find it should ve more colours in this brand in his size
B005R506IO Not best looking but they get the job done Bought these sneaker for my daughter to wear to school. Not best looking but they get the job done.
B005R506IO Very soft and comfortable I like these as they are soft and my daughter says they're quite comfortable.  She also has a little room in which to grow.
B005R506IO Puma Roma Love, Love, Love this shoe!  I purchased it for my daugher to wear to school.  She say it is extremely comfortable and she received a lot of compliments from her friends.  You can't beat that!
B005R506IO sneakers The sneakers fits comfortable and the are affordable.  I would recommend to others to buy. I just love them so much.
B005R531DG Great looking sneaker! Not much more to say.  I like them, my son likes them.  He hasn't worn them yet, but he's worn a number of Pumas, so I'm confident they'll be fine!  Pumas seems to hold up bit better than other brands my son has worn.
B005R531DG Had to return it... It was OK but had to return it due to the size of the show being to big for my son. Also found a better deal in another store
B005R531DG Christmas gift I bought these for both of my nephews for Christmas. They are very comfortable for them and look really nice. They are suede so be prepared to apply water repellent.
B005RZY9YQ Good price Great model I bought it for my 8 years old child, She is happy with this model, the mix of colors is nice too.
B005S0C8HK Decent quality light jacket. This is a nice jacket for the price. Zipper works great, feels solid. Would buy another one if Amazon decides to re-stock it. I should have bought two when these were in stock. Please Amazon re-stock this jacket!
B005S0PAN4 Too cute These are great shoes that are light for toddlers to run in.  They are well made and last for a long time.
B005S0PF1G Very cute... Arrived on time  in it's original box and at the begining it fit my son well but must say that the strap evenutally gives out
B005S0PF1G Great buy I got these for my 4 year old daughter and she loves them she wears them around the house all the time
B005S0PF1G Loooove puma I ordered this sneaker for my lil boy. Its the third puma shoes i have ordered. And just now i finish my new fourth order from puma. Really comfortable and elegent. Highly recommend
B005S0QEXE Looks great! Love these shoes!  Wish I could keep the laces tied, or that the laces were just a touch longer for double knotting.  Otherwise, love the look, and he seems to love wearing them!
B005S0QEXE Lightweight Sneakers I bought this for my 15 months old child. It is very lightweight and comfortable. One drawback is that it does not come with velcro.
B005S0QEXE Puma disappointment I brought the sneaker for two reasons 1 because I thought they would be light weight they were.second reason I thought the would last long but the sole of the sneaker is coming off myson did not have a lot of wear because he had two other pairs so I was disappointed
B005S0QEXE love them She like them they fit perfectly. Going to order more shoes for school. Thank you for everything. Have a good day
B005S0QEXE so unbelievably cute! These sneakers are great!  They fit true to size (my daughter is 1 yo and wearing a size 4) and actually seem to help my new walker walk better.  (They have actually convinced me that investing a little more in good quality sneakers is worth it!)  And they are so unbelievably cute!!!  Every time we are out she gets compliments on them!  I kind of wish they came with elastic laces but I don't hold that against them!
B005S0QEXE Love them Love themGot them super fast, my daughter wears them all the timePerfect size , I will look to buy more in the future from you
B005S0QEXE Vibrante Colors The laces though keep getting untied even when I double knot them. This shoe is for a toddler not to practical, for me having to keep bending over to tie her laces.  The laces seem to be made of nylon instead of cotton which doesn't hold the knot to well.  But other than, that (which I think it's a big deal), the shoes are super cute and the colors are awesome, Puma just has to fix the material used on those laces.
B005S0QEXE Product Feedback i totally love this sneaker, my son looks so cute in it, it fits comfortably and it is very fashionable.
B005S0QEXE Wrong Size! As I found the sizing information confusing, before I orderer this shoes I talked to Heather from your Custome Service.  I asked her if she was a mum; she told me she was a mum.  And she has a 12 years old boy.  I though &#34;perfect! almost same age, will help&#34; and she did confirmed me that!She told me size 6 M BIG KID was perfect for her son.  So I bought this pair of shoes.  BUT what I got, was shoes for a TODDLER!What I got is not what I paid for!Roc&iacute;o04:41 PM(GMT) Rocio: Are you a mom???04:41 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Yes04:41 PM(GMT) Rocio: PERFEEEEEEEEEEEEEECT!!!04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: help meeeeeeeeeeeee04:42 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): :) How can I help? Thanks for making me laugh...no problem.04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: hope you are well too04:42 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): What do you need help with?04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: SeeI'm buying a pair of shoes for a girlBUT i'm totally confused with your sizes04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Oh no, I'm sorry that the sizing is confusing. I can see your cart. Which shoe is it?The toddler shoe or Womans?04:43 PM(GMT) Rocio: Saucony Cohesion 5 LTT Running Shoe (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Light Grey/Blue/Lime,6 W US Big Kid04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Got it. Let me pull it up04:43 PM(GMT) Rocio: She is size 36, and that's a 6 for youI understand 6M is mediumBUT04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Yes04:44 PM(GMT) Rocio: What is &#34;6 M US BIG KID&#34;?is that alrite for a 10 years old girl?04:45 PM(GMT) Rocio: is she a big kid according with your measurements?04:45 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Great question! I'm on the sizing information link now. I do believe that is what it means since toddlers have size 6 also, and it is just letting you know it is not for toddlers..but for the bigger kid. Let me double check. One moment please. Thanks, Rocio!04:46 PM(GMT) Rocio: sure04:49 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Thanks, Rocio. I felt I was correct, but I took it to a supervisor to be sure. Yes, there are toddler sizes, little kid sizes, and big kid sizes. I know with my 12 year old, big kid sizing for him stopped at size 7. So, if she is 10, the big size 6 is what you need for it to fit her.I hope that helps. I'm sorry for the confusion.
B005S0QEXE Perfect FitLove the ease of this sneakers...not heavy but lighton the feet of my grandson.  Comfortable too. Was skeptic when I was getting this for my grandson but I am satisfied. Love the ease of this sneakers...not heavy but light on the feet of my grandson.  Comfortable too.
B005S1F8TY great shoe I actually got these for my daughter to wear with her Houston Dynamo shirts and well really anything orange. So far so good. These does are really have a durable look and feel to them.
B005S4IGD6 feels like swimming trunks I thought they were swimming trunks at first without the netting inside, they are made from the same material. yea baby!
B005S6YHRS Awesome Beautiful quality shirt and details are great. I love that it is long for my hubby in the length and sleeves. Highly recommended. Keep in mind to go a bit bigger in size. My hubby normally wears a med and I order a large to be safe and its perfect.
B005S6YYMG Hubby Loved It! I felt like all Ferrari driving men needed a Ferrari jacket, so this was a Christmas present. He LOVED it and said it was his favorite present! Go figure. It seems to be made well and with prime shipping got here in a jiffy! No complaints.
B005S6YZH0 Incredible Style, Incredible Fit A great item for any Duc fan; this jacket sports enough flair without being over-the-top.Fits true to size; the slight stiffness of the collar keeps it from drooping; buttoning the top isn't that comfortable and is probably more for style than function.  The fabric is good although I'm slightly worried about wear; I wish it was just a tad more substantial... cotton would have been preferred.Good for layering but it's long enough that it'll stick out the bottom of the jacket (especially in a tucked position).  Personally, I prefer to throw it in my backpack and wear it once once I arrive at the destination.  This quickly became my favorite track jacket.
B005SED9TC Puma  Performance Racerback Tank Love The Tank ! Great Price For Product. Recived Tank Within time given. Will buy Puma Apparel again from Merchant.
B005SEDHYY Cute, versatile This is great for yoga and weight lifting. The shelf bra inside is an appealing bright color (neon green? yellow? something in between...) and I love the bright coral-red body. There's a gray stripe down the back, which is also appealing. It's so easy to move in this thing, I almost never want to take it off.
B005SEDHYY My wife loves these.  She wishes they didn't discontinue them. My wife has about 9 to 10 of these tank tops.  She loves the comfort and support they give her. We have looked all over the place, and we can't find any more in her size.
B005SEDHYY Love it It is very breathable, very nice for workout. One little thing - I have DD (Small) and feel like build-in bra could been a little more supportive.I know, I know, I can use separate piece. But the thing is that I don't want to have to spend time wearing things, it;'s much easier to put on this and just enjoy in the gym.
B005SFAYVW Exactley what she wanted! I ordered this item for my girlfriend. She had looked at it for some time, and read reviews regarding the sizing. Luckily, she had me order a LARGE (which fits like a MEDIUM). Had we not read other reviews with helpful info., I'm sure I would have ordered a MEDIUM, and it would have fir like a SMALL.Just make sure to order 1 size larger. As far as shipping and packaging: Same great, fast shipping I've learned to expect from Amazon. Not thrilled with the garment package saying what it is on the outside. I don't like people being able to walk by and read what is in my package ('Amazon Garment' in large, black letters).As for the garment itself. It made very well. No loose threads, no problems with the zipper. She will get years of wear out of this.
B005SFW16S Puma Women's heroes T7 Track Pant Great pants, beautiful hyacinth color.  The lenght is perfect on me at 5' 3&#34; , but someone who is quite tall might find them a bit short. They have deep, well positioned pockets which is a must for me. You can't go wrong with Puma.
B005SFW16S They are ok Likes:MaterialColorsThat it has pocketsThat it has tiesDislikes:HeavyOn the thick sidewaistband is big/thickThey are probably better for lounging around in than exercising in.
B005SFW16S Nice looking pants. These pants fit well and look great.  The material is medium weight and doesn't seem to wrinkle at all.  I wash them in cold water and hang to dry.  They dry fast.  Maybe a little pricey but worth it.  They are great looking.  They are a little long for the size.
B005SFW16S They are OK. The material is thinner than I thought but it's all right. I just put on my white bike pants underneath.
B005SFWF6O Puma Apparel women's zip jacket Fair price, appreciate the quality very versatile and can be worn to gym and when your out and about. Recommended add to for when you want to dress down but remain fashionable.
B005U4EFHK Value for money got this as my Xmas present and am the envy of pals because it looks great and works.....recommended to anyone reading my comment
B005UDSCG6 excellent excellent1234567891023456789
B005V0JEOC Xmas present for my daughter. Seems to be of good quality, and my daughter loves it! She's 12 and loves everything pink so the color was right up her alley!It was a little tricky to set but once it was done, all was well.
B005VQGYSK Cute for a slim child This hoodie is not very generous in the body, though the sleeves are a decent length. It does not have as much stretch to the fabric so is not as comfortable to put on. It is sparkly and of a decent quality and washes well.  I would not recommend this for a larger child, on my very slim daughter it fits ok.
B005XS4BQI Beautiful shoes Good seller, the shoes are confortable and beautiful, this shoes are for my father and he is very happy with the gift
B005XXJR62 They look even better on! They look very nice, they are flexible and feel comfortable.  My son loves them and they clean easily.  We recommend them.
B005Y0261C Metal Cleats The shoe is sturdy but most places won't allow metal cleats.  At first I thought they were a great deal for the price, but then I realized I couldn't wear them during any of my activities because of the metal.
B005YPU7PO Seriously?? Okay, first of all, to the reviewer who gave the two star review, are you $@&!ing serious? You tried to clean a premium suede leather collaborated designer shoe.... With soap and water!??? Of course the color bled, you don't clean ANY kind of suede leather with freaking water. Anyone who knows ANYTHiNG about suede knows that water is its mortal enemy. Come on dude, really.
B005ZFCUIA OK VERY GOOD SHOE, THE COLORS ARE CUTE AND WIFE BECAME VERY MU AGREE WITH THEM.SHE FEELS VERY COMFORTABLE TO WALK
B005ZFCUIA Love them They are amazing!!! I love them! Fit perfectly and came a day early too! And the price was exactly what I was looking for!
B005ZFCUIA My new kicks I love these sneakers.  So compfortable and nice looking!  I run in them daily. They are light as a feather!
B005ZFCUIA Just okay I ordered the black and peach, they looked amazing on line but in person they were just okay. I decided to keep them since i&#34;m a shoe wearing kinda girl and don.t wear many sneakers so i thought ill keep them in the closet for those lazy days.....
B005ZFCUIA would order another very comfy right off the bat, everyone compliments me on them , they look like there wouldn't be much cushion but there's quit a bit , i wear a size 7 and they fit perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Nice looking, fits true to size Nice looking sneaker, smaller toe box than some brands, but fits my foot just fine. Comfortable so far, but haven't put it through it's paces yet.
B005ZFCUIA Fast shipping good product.  Aka big country They looked very nice they fit just right fill like ur walking on clouds good job y'all keep it up
B005ZFCUIA AMAZING MY GOD  MY FEET FEEL SO GOOD. ITS LIKE A TRAIN OF GOODNESS FOR MY OVERLY FAT FEAT...MEOW! A A
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable Very very comfortable sneaker. I walk and run, works for both! I love them, most comfy sneaker I have had!
B005ZFCUIA sneakers it came on time and I'm walking with themevery morning .
B005ZFCUIA Love em Who doesn't love puma. These are true to size and so comfy they are great for every, running, working out etc. just about anything.
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Very comfortable
B005ZFCUIA Product Change I want to change this product PUMA Women's Cell Riaze Cross-Training Shoe, Virtual Pink / Blue Grass, 7.5 B. .. for another of equal price. these are the characteristics of the product by the PUMA Cell Riaze cross-training shoe Color: Zinnia / Brilliant Blue 7.5 B (M) U.S.
B005ZFCUIA will recommend I absolutely love this shoe.I especially love the colors.It fits comfortable and feels really light when i run.just got it so i am waiting to prove its durability
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoes, but get dirty easily I know... I know... they are white, what do I expect? Because they are mesh, they stain a lot easier than regular tennis shoes and are harder to clean off, so if you're going to buy them I would recommend only wearing them when you're on man-made surfaces, lol. I love Puma and they are very comfortable shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Cute and comfy I think these shoes fits very well I love the way they look I get complaints all the time !
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoes!!! These shoes are cute and comfortable. I haven't spent much time in them yet but, I think they will be very good for walking around town.
B005ZFCUIA Four Stars Exelent
B005ZFCUIA comfortable and perfect for exercising They fit perfectly and are comfortable for workouts and walking. I put them on the minute I got them and I was surprised on how well they fit. The only thing was the the yellow shown in the picture looked neon but the actual color is yellow.
B005ZFCUIA excellent fits great and no more foot pain while i run. i would defintely purchase again in the future. thank you.
B005ZFCUIA Great Sneakers & great buy!! Awesome sneakers! Fit perfect and I've had tons if compliments! They were such a good buy too that I couldn't pass them up!
B005ZFCUIA Happy daughter I purchased these for my daughter for Christmas from her Amazon list and she loves them.  She said they are very comfortable and fit perfectly.
B005ZFCUIA Love the colors and comfort I loved these shoes because of the colors. I love this pink and mint colorway. They are very comfortable and just the right price. My size 9 fits perfectly.
B005ZFCUIA Recommended! Great shoes, very cute. However, I work on wet floors grooming dogs and often almost fall on my face due to the traction. But good for outdoor use, nonetheless!!!
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Very comfortable, perfect for zumba, jogging in the park and tennis! I am very happy with my purchase.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome Love these shoes!! Shipment was on time and payment went smoothly!! I have some that are grey and purple too!!!!
B005ZFCUIA Overall satisfied Comfortable and well fit. It's a bit bulky though. I am saving them for the winter time, so it won't be too hot to wear and train in them.
B005ZFCUIA AWESOME SHOES!!! My wife absolutely loves these sneakers,  We highly recommend these for anyone taking fitness classes, or doing moderate intensity workouts
B005ZFCUIA Amazing Shse I have received the items and as the picture the design very nice and the materials quality excellent.Size fit faultlessly
B005ZFCUIA I'll be buying more. These shoes are amazing, I was a little skeptical buying a different brand but putting them on it's like you're walking on clouds. Very happy!
B005ZFCUIA So comfy! Love these! True to size, not too bulky and super comfortable. I don't run as I have a knee problem but they're great for the gym and running around after the kids I nanny for.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Cell I love them!! Definitely worth the money. I normally buy at an outlet store but they fit great and are comfy
B005ZFCUIA Even better than expected This is a gorgeous shoe and super comfy! The colors are very pretty and I like the mesh for breathability.
B005ZFCUIA greatest sneaker ever very comfortable and fits perfect,I love the style and I will always buy PUMA.It is everything I expect in a great fitting sneaker.
B005ZFCUIA love them! Love them! They're perfect! My brother liked them too, and he's SUPER picky. He obviously wouldn't wear them but he liked them for me.
B005ZFCUIA My daughter is very happy with this these sneakers My daughter is very picky and I am glad to say she loves these sneakers....no complaints!!!  I would definately order these again. They seem to be true to size.
B005ZFCUIA Love! I got the sized 6 black/fluorescent peach ones, and I love them. I can wear them with or without thin socks, and they're very comfortable. I will say- I'm not much of a runner. I wear them to the gym, spin class, and working at the hospital. Being on my feet all the time, I can tell you these hold up. Very glad I finally splurged for these. Super cute too!
B005ZFCUIA Love them!!!! I saw the Puma's on a track and field athlete in the summer olympics and had to have them.  It took a while to find the ones I wanted but when I did, they are everything I thought they would be.  They are very comfortable.  The color is a little darker than the picture, but that works out well with my uniform.  I walk a lot at my job, so these make the trips very easy to deal.  BUY these!!!!
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Excelente producto!
B005ZFCUIA So happy I purchased this sneaker. They are supportive, light, comfortable and head turners! I highly recommend them for the price too
B005ZFCUIA I love em. I will buy again. Somewhat smaller than I expected but nevertheless I still love my tennis. Would buy more from puma for sure. Thanks.
B005ZFCUIA So comfortable I forget I'm wearing shoes! The last tennis shoes I had I threw away because the bottoms were too built up and it just felt they were wearing me instead of me wearing them.  I love this shoe because you wouldn't know you're wearing it except your feet don't hurt like they certainly would if you were barefoot.  I love the mesh for the comfort and because I like any feature that wards off the dreaded athlete's foot.  Not good for rainy days due to the mesh, of course, but I still wouldn't change it.
B005ZFCUIA LOVE THEM!!!! I expect to get a lot of mileage out of these comfortable, adorable PUMAs!  The colors are hot.  The fit is perfect!  They are just oh so comfortable...
B005ZFCUIA BEST SNEAKER I AM A SNEAKER WHORE....I LOVE THEM ALL IVE TRIED THEM ALL I AM OVER 40 YEARS OLD NOW AND I THINK I HAVE FOUND A NEW ALLTIME FAVORITE, COMFORTABLE CAN NOT BEGIN TO DESCRIBE THEM
B005ZFCUIA Perfect sneakers My daughter is very happy with her Puma's Training sneakers. She loves the colors and in confortable and light. The Price is good and I received them on time.
B005ZFCUIA Good Deal! These shoes are well made, very comfortable and at a nice price. Cool colors too! Definitely would buy Pumas again.
B005ZFCUIA Color is great! At first I was not sure that I was going to like these. After wearing them a few times, I changed my mind. I had hoped they might have been a little less clunky looking, but I still like them. They are not for high impact workouts.
B005ZFCUIA Great training shoes. Bought these for my wife, she obviously selected the model. She loved them and were a perfect fit, she now uses them everyday at the gym.
B005ZFCUIA I'll buy again I really enjoyed the tennis, was present for my wife, she loved it. Would buy again, because the shoe is beautiful, comfortable, as I expected.
B005ZFCUIA Love PUMA I love these sneakers- totally comfortable and I love the colors! I will be loyal to PUMA as long as they keep making shoes that look this great and can stand my hectic workout routine.
B005ZFCUIA comfortable This is the most comfortable sneakers I have ever own thus far, I usually have my baby toe or big toe rub when I wear sneakers but I did not get that in these.
B005ZFCUIA I don't love them. I'm in love with them. It is like walking with memory foam pillows strapped to the bottoms of your feet. In a good way. Really.
B005ZFCUIA Didn't fit or feel right on my feet I was hoping to use these for running, but they were 1) too heavy and 2) my heels slipped out the back during a slow jog.  They are super cute, so it was unfortunate that they didn't work for me.
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable and light! I had never ordered shoes online before and I was kind of skeptical. These pumas are amazing and I am very impressed by the comfortable fit and how light of a shoe it is. Everything I was hoping for. I will definitely be buying more!
B005ZFCUIA my shoes The shoe is very comfortable and colorful for my line of work (daycare) it is a form fitting and comfortable
B005ZFCUIA Okay shoe, more grey than white Shoe arrived on time in nice Puma packaging, but upon glance looked different than photo.  It is more dirty white/grey in color while I thought from photo prior to purchasing that it had grey mesh and white leather - is all variations of grey which make it look somewhat dirty.  Feel pretty comfortable and do run 1/2 size small so glad I ordered up.  But ultimately not attractive enough so going to return for New Balances.
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Look and feel great. Very happy.
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars So pretty and comfy!!! &#60;3
B005ZFNJCG nice I found very nice to give it to my sister on the day of his birthday. thank you very much
B005ZICGUO Kinda flimsy This  shirt is not a tight cotton feel.....Kinda flimsy and does not glow in the dark as advertised.My child was disappointed. .about that. Oh well...what can ya do.
B005ZKEYWU Very practical for young boys I bought this as a gift for a 5 year old who is just learning to button buttons on pants or use zippers.  It was stylish, comfortable fit and neutral color.
B005ZSPL5G Finally shorts with pockets shorts are very good. Nice designs and colors, size genrous , fits well. most important finally it has pockets. I think they should mention it in description,as i had to look thorough every single pair of shorts enlarge picture trying to figure it out which one has pockets. If you by for general wear it doesnt matter but if kids play golf or tennis they shoud be able to carry a ball with them 5stars shorts..
B005ZT6ODS Comfy and cute My daughter loves these. Simple, comfortable and versatile. Wears them to school and underneath dresses or long shirts to church or dressy events.
B005ZT6ODS perfect fit for 10yr old girl this was a gift for a 10yr old girl. she loved it and it ended uo being a perfect gift.
B005ZT6ODS My daughter loves them ... it ran kind of big though I bought these for my 7 year old daughter for gymnastics and she loves them despite being a little bigger than most things in her size. I am ok with it since she will be able to grow into them now.
B005ZT6ODS PUMA Girls Core Yoga Pant I have discovered Puma to be of valuable quality and well worth every penny! The Puma Core Yoga pant is the most comfortable and best fit of any "other" style/brand I have worn.  I was confident in my order and WILL re-buy again.  Best for value hands down!!
B005ZT6ODS Very comfortable They are very comfortable. My daugher is not overly thin, but its elastic waist is good around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. Good quality. And we try Puma - Kids Girls 7-16 Multi Glitter Pant, Purple. It is comfortable too.
B005ZT6RZ8 defective merchandise I bought these adorable sweatpants for my grandaughter, and when they arrived the pants were two different lengths.  Definitely from a defective batch of merchandise.  I do not understand why they would ship something that looks like this.  I did not return it because I was traveling to Mexico to see my grandaughter and did not have time, but was very disapointed in this order.  I order very frequently from Amazon, and this is the only thing that has ever happened like this.  If it were possible I would give no stars and strongly recommend not buying from this seller.
B005ZT8WQK Nice and Comfortable pants I bought these for our 4 year daughter who is average height for her age.  They are little long but they do not touch the ground when wearing shoes.  They are out together well. The waistband was a little big but they are easy to fold over.
B005ZUKNFM nice but not trendy this dress is well made and is just as we expected it to be, but--granddaughter is 10 years old and she will probably never wear it.  It is just too juvenile for any girl over the age of 7.
B005ZUKUX2 More importantly she loves it I bought her a size bigger - instead of a 10, I got her a 12 because I don't want to be racing against time to get enough wear from her clothes. It's a little big but not too loose that she can't wear it now. She loves it for the way it fits. The cotton is soft and its a simple shorts she can wear everywhere. With kiddies and product branding - anything with an animal wins over stripes and whooshes. I bought both in the white and raspberry rose. Both colours are great.
B0060JOTT8 I liked it but my wife thought it was too bulky I bought this as a gift for my wife and she thought it was a little too bulky for her wrist, but if you compare it to a sunto or a garmin it about the same size.
B0060QTL12 5 years and counting so I've had these boots for years&#8230;probably 3-4 times a month 8-10 hr days.They don't feel like they are that high of quality, yet they last and last.snow, ice, rain, they shed it all. Ive had these boots thru the worst conditions and they continue to impress me.I
B0061NY7QI Shoes My husband loves these shoes and can't wait for boating season to get here. He wore them to a hot springs and was thrilled.
B0061NY7QI Awesome looks, but caused blisters. Ouch! I love the look of these water shoes, but they tore up the backs of my heels the first time out, making my canoe trip miserable. The size was perfect, just too stiff at the heel.
B0061NY7QI Great choice I bought these for my husband to wear on a sailing vacation. He has very sensitive feet and barefoot is difficult for him. These look great and worked well giving him protection and stability.
B0061NY7QI Puma Men's Mar Mostro I recommend this sneakers, fits nicely around the feet, excellent grip, light weight, cool design, and I really like the color. I know it is a water shoe, but I have no problem to have them on during my dance classes, it gives me a bare feet feeling.
B0061NY7QI laces loose ends . . . would have preferred a closed loop to cinch otherwise nice beach shoes. one two three
B00627TP92 So Cute! Very cute track jacket has bright colors and looks really great with jeans or track pants alike. He wears it a lot, as an outfit and a light jacket for outside play.
B0062FNVDA Puma dance shoes - cheerleader style Bought these to dance in - Salsa, cha, two step, but they are not made for that.  Too hard, don't slide.  But I do love them for just wearing around and riding my horses in.
B0064G843Y my sons love these briefs Both of my sons play sports (soccer, basketball and indoor gymnastic classes) - they love these briefs and they are so hard to find in the US.... thank you!
B0064IPTA8 thank you good product is what i expected use it during my whole deployment iwn afganistan no problem found keep it up guys
B0064IPTA8 reallyu good trainers To be honest I have  never  really was a fan of puma, until I got this trainers. They are extremely comfortable, light and have a good grip. I use them for walking as well as working out. They are also reasonably priced. You cant go wrong with these trainers and I would recommend these trainers to anybody.
B0064IPTA8 puma These sneakers are extremely comfortable and arrived in great shape. I Highly recommend this product and will absolutely buy these again.
B0064IQKXS Looks just like what I bought I ordered this because I thought it was good for over pronatar. I eventually return it because I just can't stand the design. Sorry Puma. I tried.
B0064V6UL2 Impressive.  Not expected as it turned out okay. Thought it was mediocer but turned out a good product. I recommend these socks to the readers and you will not regret it.
B0064V6UL2 good stuff Puma is a trusted brand name and has never failed it's reputation.These were for my family who use these on a regular basis.
B0064V6UL2 Best Quarter Crews I've Ever Purchased These Puma quarter crew socks are simply great.  They are amazingly well built and are so comfortable it's almost like I forget they're on sometimes.  I plan to see if they come in other colors so I can purchase more.  Great product Puma.
B0064V6UL2 Not what I ordered Though I like what was sent, I did not receive what was described In the product information. At that point it wasnt worth the hassle of sending them back.
B0064V6UL2 Great Product Don't be fooled by "cartoon" picture... the product is well made and very comfortable. Will be happy to buy some more in the future!
B0064V6WD8 Good socks Good socks, but at them a terry sole and a heel, so for summer they aren't so comfortable. It is necessary to write more detailed description
B0064V6WD8 In the pursuit of the perfect sock... Puma I would clasify this sock as a little too thin to be a solo sock and a little too thich to be an under sock.  It's not bad, honestly, but I wear a size 13 and it's VERY low cut - so you're going to get a little chafe-age with a standard low top running shoe.  I bought basically every athletic sock out there - and I'd rank this one right in the middle of the pack.
B0064V7SUO Love them I will be getting more Puma Womens Quarter Crew Athletic Socks they fit and feel great, I'm on my feet all day
B0064V7SUO Super cute! Very fun, kicky little sox. So cute and I love the colorful puma that is knit in across the instep. Comfy to wear and best of all, they don't seem to pick up much lint, which many black socks are wont to do
B0064V7SUO Great socks! Hard to find great socks, but I love these socks. They are seamless and do not rub or irritate my feet. Great colors and graphics. Comfortable and do not get lost in my shoes. No bunching or rolling over. I will definitely buy more. Great value for the price.
B0064V7UUM These socks are great Like most Puma products, these are high quality socks. Unlike most Puma products, however, the price of these socks is very reasonable (Currently $12 for a 3 pack). They're relatively thick which is great for working at the gym or just keeping your toes warm at work. I wouldn't say that the green socks are fluorescent, more of a green-yellow color. I've worn and washed them several times and they're holding their color and shape very well. I will definitely buy more in the future.
B0066AIMF8 love it love it, i use everyday, the alarm is very powerful and design is very nice for me... i recommend !
B0066AJR1Q I like it Very comfortable, is so light that you don't feel you are wearing it. Unique colors! I only wish the sphere would be a little bigger,so I recommend you to buy the unisex model instead the women model.
B0066AJR1Q Great underwater I wear this in the sea everyday.  Works just fine. Minus one str for glass not being scratch proof.  Light blue is turning brown from dirt and sweat.
B0066ALBZ6 so cool! I got it on day scheduled and it is reallyvery nice and beautiful, thanks for all efforts.my little one loved it
B0066ALBZ6 Comfortable The face is a bit bigger than expected, but it's very easy to read and quite comfortable. As mentioned in another review, there is no option to silence the beeping every time a button is pressed, unfortunately. So far, it's easy to clean, water resistant and the alarm works great.
B0066BAW96 Five Stars Excellent
B0066BAW96 Button broke. Unfortunately one of the top buttons broke off run first day I had it.  I didn't surprise me, those buttons sit high and were getting bumped during normal use.
B0068OOI0A Fantastic! I ordered this shirt for my brother, who is Puma fan, for Christmas and the product shipped fast and was exactly what I was looking for! My brother ended up loving it!
B00691NJ5M OMG! I love everything about this cross body handbag.  I wear it almost everyday. In fact I plan on buying the brown one.
B0069IFCSC Great looking jacket. The design of the jacket was what I considered when purchasing this jacket.  It looks great when wearing. Would buy again.
B0069IFCSC Fits great! I really like this jacket. It's very light weight and extremely comfortable. I would highly recommend this jacket to anyone.
B0069IFCSC Excellent Exceeded my expectations, perfect! Purchase the matching pants to go with this jacket. Great fit and great value. Highly recommend!
B0069KDD04 MSRP is $60 (not $65 as stated on the product page) I usually use the MSRP list price to guage the expected quality of the item. This item is okay, and has a retail price of $60.I purchased it for $43 for the color/size option selected and it's an okay deal.Tiny reflective strips on the back. Billowy fit. Seems breathable.Not a great deal so I will be sending it back.
B0069KDD04 Awesome Jacket Great price! Item looks even better in person
B0069KDD04 just bad, really bad terrible zipper. cheap and small and wont last long, i imagine.this jacket reminds me of that seinfeld episode where james spader gives george the cheap met life ballpark giveaway windbreaker. thats what this thing is like, a cheap ballpark giveaway.
B0069RLG4W comfortable this shoe is the most comfortable I've ever had, I loved what I recommend 100% liked is authentic, comfortable, beautiful as that as described in the photos, good quality
B0069RLG4W Good sneakers I got this for a really good price.. I get complements on the colors and theyre very comfortable and light. A good summer sneaker.
B0069RLG4W Suppa I adore this shoes! So comfortable and stylish!! Easy to put on, put off. An exact size. Recommend for fitness!
B006C1FLNW I loved it when I saw it I loved it when I saw it, came in good condition but the strap is too short for my arm so I gave it 4 stars
B006DN4H16 Just What He Wanted! This purchase was for my 18 year old son.  He did his research of the types of track shoes he was looking for and these met his expectations.  He especially likes the durability of the spikes.  Very pleased with this purchase.
B006GKA67A Nice Got it for my daughter, she likes it, I like it, all are happy. It's perfect for fall, not too thick, not too thin.
B006GKA76A Cute little yoga pants. My daughter insists on wearing skirts 24/7 so getting her to wear pants is near impossible.  She will however wear these mini yoga style pants without much fuss so they are a win in my book!  They are super cute and she finds them very comfortable.  She is a small 4t and they fit her perfectly, they do not fall off at the waist like many stretch type pants in her size do so I would go up a size if there were any hesitation about fit.
B006IQW13O Good Buy I bought these for my daughter and she loved them.Would recommend them for sure, good colour and sound good too!!
B006IWD6HS Perfect fit, perfect fun Bought for soccer, my daughter has enjoyed wearing these boots. She mainly plays on turf but has had the odd festival on some very muddy grounds. Wash and dry well. Perfect for the season.
B006IY2Q2C 8 year old boy loves them. We got these for indoor soccer, and they're holding up fine (even through winter snow).  Serve their purpose just fine!
B006IYT2XI son My son loved these for soccer for multiple reasons. For once he did not complained about how they fit etc.
B006IYTB1Q True fit, comfortable out of the box, excellent grip and ball control Purchased for indoor soccer for my daughter.  The shoes are soft, light and flexible as slippers, but well reinforced at the toe with off-set laces for good ball control.  The soles do not mark and have an excellent 'herring bone' non-slip grip.  Since the shoes are so flexible and the sole is soft I am confident that they will not slip on the smooth indoor surfaces - this is very important as kids get those nasty grazes/burns when they fall indoors, far worse than falling on grass.My daughter tells me that they are very comfortable, and the fit seems true to size by feeling around the foot.I am very happy with these shoes, but have not given five stars as I am not certain of their durability.  My daughter will almost certainly out grow them before they wear out, as will yours, but I anticipate that she will use them to kick off summer soccer and training outdoors when the ground is still rock hard.They would be great for outdoor synthetic surfaces as well as indoor, but they may wear quickly.  We'll see how they do...
B006J7WSEY Very nice cleat I got The Puma Cleats for my son for soccer and baseball, he wears them 5 out of 7 days a week. The cleats have held up really well and he is still going to be able to use them this fall for fall baseball and soccer!!!
B006J7WSEY sin palabras simplemente lo mejor 10 definitivamente los recomiendo ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;; ; ;; ; ; ;; ; ; ; ;; ; ; ;; ; ;; ;; ; ;;; ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;)
B006J7WSEY He loves the cleats My nephew loves the cleats. They are the first thing he puts on in the morning and the last to come off.
B006J7WSEY Comfortable cleats My 6 yo says that these are the &#34;squishiest&#34; cleats that she has ever had.  She's been playing soccer for 3 years now, and these are by far her favorites.  Great price as well!
B006J7WSEY Really nice shoe - good value! This was exactly what I needed. My daughter needed cleats for baseball - and these fit the bill. I know they are advertised as soccer shoes - but the work fine for t-ball.
B006J7WSEY Too large refers to the price I ordered this item with the 1 day shipment option, since I needed them for a specific date.I was charged for the 1 day shipment. The item did not ship till three days later, and arrived several days afterwards, missing the time for which it was needed. I was still charged for the pricey 1 day shipment. Needless to say, I will return these and will be careful ordering items here in the future.
B006J7WSEY Average shoe that met expectations. The shoes fit well and have held up during the season.  The laces are very slick and I replaced them so they wouldn't keep coming untied.  I would buy these again.
B006J7WSEY Ouch I'm giving these cleats 2 stars instead of 1 just because they're cute colors and the price is decent compared to comparable cleats. Other than that, thumbs down.  My 9 year old daughter plays LOTS of soccer and she'd been wearing the basic $19.99 Adidas cleats that were so worn they had holes in the toes.  But she loved them. I thought it was time to upgrade, so I got her these.  She wore them for a short training one night to try to break them in. Then she had competitive tryouts for a few hours and she got blisters on her heels like you wouldn't believe.  They were the size of quarters and incredibly painful. We live in FL, she said the bottoms were so thin her toes were burning from the heat of the grass. My daughter is really tough and rarely complains so I knew it was bad when she couldn't go to the 2nd day of tryouts. This was with attempting to wear her old cleats, because the blisters were so bad even with the blister protection items (gel spray, heavy band aids, and anti friction cream) I put on to try to help. Now she won't wear them at all. The problem for her is the angle of the heel, it slants instead of going straight down, which is where they rubbed her. We're back to the basic cheapies and luckily she doesn't care that some of her teammates wear $150 fancy cleats. When her feet seem to stop growing we're going to invest in some Adidas Copa Mundials...
B006J7WSEY puma cleats for kids My daughter says its a very comfortable fit. The cleats were shipped promptly and arrived way before promised.we are happy
B006J7WSEY very cool Very nice shoes with cool colors . My son loves it ! He wants to show it on the playground!
B006J7WSEY Nice cleats, worked well. Our son used these for camp. We are not super-athletic, so cannot really compare them to anything, but they worked nicely and are well-priced.
B006J7WSEY Great buy! My son loves the look of them and says they fit well. Solid cleat for running around durning the early morning games on a damp field. Shoelaces were a little slippery at first and frequently untied, might want to wash those before wearing.
B006J7WSEY My 9 yrs old boy loves it Such a good shoe to play soccer with. My 9 yrs old sun play twice a week after school and after 3 months he and I can decently say it is perfect. And I will add that it is very stylish and very well made.
B006J7WSEY great kids cleat These are great for my soccer playing 7 yr old daughter. She loves the design too.They are light weight which is nice.
B006J7WSEY exactly what I needed This cleats are exactly what I was looking for.  They fit perfectly on my son. He is very happy with this cleats. Plus the color stands out among the others.
B006J7WSEY Toddlers don't need these I regret buying these shoes for my 5 year old soccer games.  They don't need the grip at that age -Shoe is somewhat difficult to put on.  I have to do it for him.
B006J7WSEY Great Product Purchased for my 6 yo son and he loves it. Fits and looks great. Sturdy and very light weight. Can wait to see him play his 1st game.
B006J7WSEY lower price How do you know the select options for the lower price? I clicked on every size and none where $6.99
B006J7WSEY excellent we got this for my niece who wanted to try out for soccer it was a great fit and a perfect price considering that they are brand name and the colors that she loves.
B006J7WSEY Runs Big These work alright for youth soccer leagues, but they do run big, My daughter has to wear two pair of socks to keep them on her feet while running.
B006J7WSEY Good starter cleats This is a very good starter set for young kidos. As soon as my 3 year old son opened the box he was.fried up!
B006J7WSEY Very good products and it looks very beautiful on my kid Every things about these shoes are great except the price. it was a bit sad knowing that the same shoes are available in the neighborhood for cheaper prices. other than that, everything was fine.
B006J7WSEY LOVE!!! Love these! Great cleats for my little girl's very first Upward soccer season! Puma contues to be a great brand!
B006J7WSEY puma firm ground soccer cleat they were what i spected, the size is just perfect and my daughter is very happy. the price was good too.
B006JCTRDO Bought for grandson! My grandson loves shoes! All of them in fact! He is only5, but always looks to see what new ones are out! Can't gowrong with this brand. They wear very well.
B006JCTRDO Classic love I love these on my son, he hates them because the laces come loose. But they are heavy duty and have lasted through his rough ways
B006JCTRDO Cool child's sneakers We love Puma sneakers for our children.  These are no exception.  They clean up well, are comfy, and a nice balance between cool but still child-appropriate.
B006JCUBK2 Good purchase! I love this booties, it fit well, and my toddler runs and play safely. It is comfortable and I can put on her fast.
B006JCUBK2 cute and easy! Product was super cute and came fast ! Me and my one year old take a swim class and I got these to just toss on rather than mess with socks and shoes. The price was right, shipped fast, just as I expected. Very happy.
B006JCUBK2 Hard to put on Very cute and cozy looking, but the 2 year old daughter won't bend her feet to go all the way in. After a few tries, she tells me to put it back in the box. Returning it.
B006JCUBK2 Perfect!! Exactly what i wanted for my little girl....a pair of boots that were stylish and fit well, and they are alot like sneakers so its easier to move in them i'm sure....great boots!
B006JCUBK2 cute Nice made shoes, just run half size smaller. Had to return mine. Another thing i wish they had a zip, its hard to put shoes on a toddler without it.
B006JCUBK2 Cute These shoe /boots are darling. I needed something Ugg like, but uggs are not allowed in our house (anti-hippy husband) Anyhoo. They appear to pinch at the toe a bit, though my 4yo is special needs and has a toe walking gate. They are difficult to get on at first (but somehow easy peasy to get off!) I generally don't  spend a ton on shoes because they grow out of them so quickly, but needed winter shoes for recess at school. All around they are good.
B006JCUBK2 I LIKE it These boots are really cute and they keep my daughter's feet nice and warm, but the only problem I have with them is that they are hard to clean. once there is a stain on them, thats it, forget trying to clean it out. besides that one thing, these boots are supper cute and cozy!
B006JTMEI2 Hot Sneakers was cute and funky my niece loved them and I liked that they wasn't bulky. A very smooth sneaker yet I don't have to worry about her getting them dirty!!!
B006JTMEI2 Even cuter than the pic! This looked absolutely adorable and my girl loved it! The colors were nice and bright just like a girl loves em!
B006K26TBG Great! My two year old loves these boots. Great product. Keeps his feet warm and dry. He gets compliments on them all the time which he loves. The laces are definitely helpful getting his feet in. The smaller puma Niveus boots don't have loose laces and we weren't able to cram his foot in.
B006K28VOO Very nice boot. Very nice boot. Looks same as on the picture. good quality, very light, soft & comfortable. My daughter likes puma.
B006K28VOO So different, and so cute! I got these in black for my 2 year old in 8M US Toddker size.  They fit perfectly!PROS- Great fit and she says they are comfy- Extremely easy to get on and off- Cute, they are very different from any other snow boots we see (they look fairly petite)- We haven't had an occasion yet where the inside of the boots is not dry even after heavy snow days- Easy to cinch the top to seal it- Good treads, she has good footing in the snow and iceCONS- The ankle strip only has velcro in one spot, which means you can't cinch it tighter. However, I didn 't have any problems with them coming off when she got into deep snow and had to pull her foot out.
B006L2WF2M Great pair of indoors I'm a girl and I play indoor soccer but the women's selection for indoor shoes is very limited so I ordered a 4.5 in men's, I normally wear a 6 in women's. They fit almost perfectly, just slightly big, probably because its a men's, but with thicker socks they are just fine. I also do weight lifting and they are good for that because they are flat footed. I love pumas!
B006L2WF2M Love it True to size... Comfortable and most of all looked really cool.... Nice combination of colors! My son loves it and says it's very comfortable!
B006L2WF2M You get what you pay for I bought these shoes to play one season of fustal. They've done the job thus far, but I probably won't wear them for much else. They're a bit flimsy, but overall they've done well.
B006MRMCGA ADORABLE My little man looks so adorable in this outfit from PUMA. The outfit is true to size, and looks exactly as pictured.
B006O6CVYC The best Its the best duffel bag,!!! I have the entire collection of puma ferrari bags, and this its the best! Ferrari!. ... Byo
B006O6CXMC ferrari hand bag Well I have not used it yet though the purse itself looks nice and has plenty of spaces to put all your items in.  Can't wait to use it.
B006OEGJO2 Super comfortable Man golf shoes have come a long way in 5 years.  These are night and day from the FootJoys I bought a few years back.  They're light, look nice, and oh are the nice on the feet.  The spikes look to have great grip also...haven't worn these on the course yet but when I do I'll update this review.
B006OEGJO2 Great Looking! These shoes are really sharp and appear to be well made. I have yet to have an opportunity to play in them but I will post a follow-up once I have.
B006OEGJO2 Comfortable Very comfortable. You wont be disapointed. They were perfect right out of the box didnt have to break them in. I always buy puma golf shoes and wont buy anything elsr.
B006OEGJO2 Wow Wow Wow! Love these.  Not only a great fit and stylish, but so functional.  These shoes rock!!!!  Keep you feet firmly planted and wow the crowds!
B006OEGJO2 Great shoes Was not sure as I have never been a big Puma fan, got these at a great price and they have been great.  Would recommend to a friend.
B006OEY2NC puma faas golf shoes i love the shoes, however i found the ad misleading. free shipping and free returns was listed in the ad. i found out after receiving the shoes that i had to be a prime member to receive this benefit.  not fair.
B006OEY2NC Spring Golf My boyfriend can't wait to try these out.  They fit perfectly and look slick!  I am sure they will make a better golfer of him! ;)
B006OEY2NC A+ Great fitting shoes very comfortable and they do not mark up the greens at all and provide just as much traction as soft spikes.
B006OEY2NC Comfort, Style From 1 Tee To 18 Green I bought these cool Pumas after a bad experience with thestiff-as-a-board Ashworth Cardiffs.  Wore these for thefirst time yesterday and had no issues the entire round.No blisters, no rubbing, and no break-in required.  Very happywith these stylish Pumas.  One tip:  I wear a 10 but the 10.5fit me better, so order a bit larger size.  Great shoe.
B006OEY2NC Well made The best golf shoe for the money I will be buying Puma golf shoes for a whileGreat comfort and Im a walker
B006OEY2NC Comfy but squeeky These were very comfortable right out of the box, especially for the price.  They also look great.I've only played 36 holes in them but they still make a squeaky sound at times while walking which is annoying.
B006OEY2NC Awesome golf shoe! These are super light and very comfortable from day one. Good traction on the course too. No slipping. Put them on at home and wear them to the course. All around awesome.
B006OEY2NC Excellent comfort and support First day,straight out of the box, I played (walked) 36 holes and the next day 18 holes and no barking dogs! Fit, comfort and performance were excellent. Light weight and flexible. No pinch-points or stiffness, unlike my FJ's, costing twice as much. Might not grip so well in winter or wet weather but under dry conditions, these shoes are great.
B006OEY2NC great shoe, great price got a great price, shipped quickly, feel so comfortable, I wish I had bought these years ago! Spikeless is the way to go for me.
B006OEY2NC Good buy Fit good, comfy, stylish, look good, and it adds yards to your drive! Also works for crushing cans on the 19th hole. Beer up!
B006OEY2NC great shoe ...very functional tee box to the clubhouse to dinner, you can't beat these shoes.breathable, waterproof and nice looking. I would buy them again.
B006OEY2NC golf shoes a bit small 10.5 was the size of my previous F J golf shoes, so i was a bit disapointed to finde that my new Puma golf shoes were a bit tighti hope they will stretch with a bit of use,
B006OEY2NC GREAT VALUE Great price, great looks, great on my feet.  An  average  golfer, I have  better traction getting  off the tee.  Highly recommended.
B006OEY2NC Great golf shoes! Stylish, do their job, keep your feet warm.  Only knock might be a little too warm on a really hot day, but I really like these shows, excellent grip but comfortable enough and allow just the rightt amount of movement.
B006OEY2NC Best golf shoe. Have worn them all and this is by far the most comfortable.Well built and I love the colors and waterproof.
B006OEY2NC had them for only three rounds These shoes are light, comfortable, easy to clean and we'll see if they hold up over time.  So far they are as advertized.
B006OEY2NC Its beautiful I like it and its very useful on the field. It is so comfortable and pretty. My friends also like it!
B006OEY2NC Above Par! I wore my new Puma's today for the first time on the course.  They actually fit like a glove, no issues what so ever.  I found them very comfortable, easy for walking not only on the course but two and from the car in the parking lot.  After the round there was virtually no grass on the bottoms.  I had read a review that suggested going up a half size and I did as suggested ... a perfect fit. I would not hesitate to recommend these fabulous golf shoes to a friend.
B006OEY2NC Sharp-looking! Really like these shoes!  They are so sharp-looking that my teenage son asked if he could have them.  Happy with purchase.
B006OEY2NC excelente producto rather this model, I hope to remain buyer of this marca.excelente product variadad colors, comfortable for walking and running, I liked
B006OEY2NC Very comfortable I usually wear 10 or 10.5, but found the 10 somewhat small, so I reordered an 11 and that was just right.  The upper is very comfortable and soft, yet gives good support.  The &#34;spikes&#34; are very grippy and I haven't noticed a difference in grip compared with my regular spike shoes
B006OEY2NC Prefect fit but slippery The shoes fits perfectly. And it looks amazing and comfortable. The only problem is the sole that are a bit slippery. First time wearing it and almost fell down on bathroom after golf.
B006OEY2NC Good so far I have worn the shoes several times and they have been great. I have walked 18 holes without any discomfort and most important, my feet are always dry.
B006OEY2NC Comfortable This shoe fits really well and is very comfortable. I wore them around the house for a few hours after receiving them and my feet didn't hurt.  The rubber teeth underneath are very grippy as well considering I almost tripped going up my carpeted stairs.  Haven't tried them on the course yet but if they do well on carpet i'm sure they'll be fine on the course.
B006OEY2NC Very comfortable for walking the golf course These shoes are very comfortable for walking the golf course.  They are also waterproof, low profile and look very good.
B006OEY2NC best golf show! My husband loves these shoes.  He golfs 3 times a week and says these are sooo comfortable.  Very important because he just got 2 new knee replacements in the last 2 years.
B006OEY2NC great golf shoes Received overseas package in exactly 3 days! Shoes are great. They look and fit just right.  I took the advice to go half size bigger and thank everyone for the advice.
B006OEY2NC Super light and very comfortable Lite spikes give decent grip, but if the grass is a bit wet your back foot may slip if you have decent clubhead speed (say driver).  Walked in 103* and didn't notice my feet all day!
B006OEY2NC PUMA Faas Grip I have played once since I got my new PUMA golf shoes and they were very comfortable and easy on the walking.  I really liked them and hope to enjoy them for the upcoming golf season in 2014.
B006OEY2NC Great shoe Fits well and doesn't need broken in. Truly a great value as they do not bind my feet like other golf shoes I have.
B006OEY2NC Puma Men's Faas grip golf shoe My husband tested the shoes on the golf course during a Florida rainstorm. The shoes were comfortable and dry inside. A good buy.
B006OEY2NC Very Comfortable - Would Recommend This is my first golf shoe and I'm really happy with it after two rounds of 18. There was no break-in period, comfortable out of the box! It fit true to size for me and grips well. I've not played in extremely wet situations yet so I don't know how well it will keep my feet dry in dew or rain and can't comment on traction in damp situations, but I've been really happy with the purchase.
B006OEY2NC Great Golf/Walking shoes Perfect Golf Shoes - Great for walking, very good grip, Very comfortable compared to regular Spikes ones.Size fits perfect.
B006OEY2NC Shoes Played a round the day I received them. Great shoe, nice n comfortable. No slipping on the course, felt good walking around
B006OEY2NC good pretty good stuff, good price, tooit is comfortable, soft, and really hwlp you to stand stable. make a better swing
B006OEY2NC Look sharp. Size 46 (European) works for me.  Good grip on tee box and fairways.  No more comfortable on my arthritic knees than soft spikes.
B006OEY2NC FANTASTIC!!! Best shoes ever. Very comfortable and well made. Perfect grip and never slip. Seven more words require and then three more.
B006OEY2NC Excellent Shoe It's tough to find comfortable wider shoes for anything let alone golfing.  Had them for a week now and have been out the range a few times.  Seem very comfortable.  The true test will come when I walk 18 holes.  So far, excellent!
B006OEY2NC I love these shoes!! I was unsure about switching to a spikeless shoe. I was concerned about my left foot not having enough grip and turning during follow through. First time out in these, it was raining and fairly slick, and I had no problems with grip. Super light and comfortable. Made for a great round!
B006OEY2NC Good buy Cheapest I could find these shoes ion the world so I bought two pairs!Very happy with everything from the site.
B006OEY2NC Great shoe Fits great and after a full season of wear the soles are holding up well.  I figure I can get 2 season of walking out of these before the soles/spike wear too much.
B006OEY2NC So Far.....So Good I have just worn the shoes twice and am still getting used to them.  They seem to grip the ground well with the possible exception that on wet grass they seem to slip a bit but wearing them is basically without problems
B006OEY2NC Comfortable, water-proof and stylish I played several rounds with these in wet and dry conditions and they worked well and kept my feet dry. Obviously it is more possible to &#34;slip&#34; with these in any conditions than a traditional shoe with cleats, but they are a bit more slippery in wet grass than I'd like. If you swing so hard that you &#34;come off the ground&#34;, these may not be ideal for you.  Wet grass seems to clump on the bottoms, but not nearly as much as with cleats. So they are considerably easier to clean after a round.The main advantage is the lack of hassle of changing spikes periodically, a task which I always hated.Like all white shoes, they eventually get some stains from grass which are difficult to remove. Using some regular detergent (like 409) and scrubbing with a brush helps, but it still doesn't restore them to new condition.
B006OEY4DK Comfortable right out of the box Comfortable right out of the box.  Light and yet very stable shoe. Cleans up great and has 2-year waterproof guarantee.
B006OEZTU2 Golf will never be the same The Puma's Faas Trac golf shoes are stylish, they go great with my lime green TaylorMade RBZ; however the key component is the comfort and spike placement.  So, I only hope I play as good as the shoes look and feel.Highly recommend -
B006OG0FA4 Should have sent these back The shoes are nice looking however they are not comfortable at all.  I played 18 in a cart and my feet were hurting after 7, by 18 I couldn't wait to take them off!  My feet hurt on the top of the toes and you could feel the cleats on the bottom.
B006OG0FA4 Love these PUMA'S!!! I couldn't believe how comfortable they were when I put them on. I thought I was walking on soft sand. They are excellent on or off the golf course. I highly recommend them. Amazon offered them at a great discounted price and as always, shipped quickly and securely.
B006OG0FA4 love them I love these, they are my favorite and very stylish and comfortable for long walks on the course. Highly recommend.
B006OG0FA4 nice colour soft and nice colour colour is pink neon  and logo puma silver so easy to mate my sport  love it
B006OZWNMI Love this sweatshirt This one is comfortable and cute to wear with sweats when I'm doing stuff around the house but don't want to look like a mess. It is comfortable yet looks great on with sweats.
B006OZWO1I The pockets make it big and bulky If you are not very very thin, the pockets on the side will make you look even larger. Also, the hem on the bottom does not stay smooth and does not look good.
B006PADOI4 Amazing puma jacket I have purchased the jacket a few weeks ago.The shipping service was good, the quality of the item is amazing.In real life the jacket looks much better than in the picture guys.Puma is doing a great job !!I would give them a 10/10 for product design and quality and 10/10 for the shipping servicewhich usually takes longer than it should for me.Thank You
B006PF0HKC Fantastic! :) I bought this one for my 6 month old girl since she's always been a little bigger for her age and it fits great (so moms of older kids might want to get a size bigger for their little ones) , it's very pretty well made, it even has some silver details on the printed logo.. she looks like a little big one with this :)
B006PF0KXG Puma Thank you very much, all excellent. Very nice dress. This is the dress I bought my granddaughter. Me the love that dress. I recommend
B006PF0MZC I like it I like it especially for a little girl! Love the puma stuff, also a very good Christmas present for a little one :)
B006PF0Q2Q Super Cute. This is a very cute outfit and was a good price for a complete outfit by Puma. I like the yellow color for summer and it has a nice fit for my daughter.
B006PF0S60 So Cute!! I was looking for some running clothes for my nieces and I looked and looked and when I found this I thought it was adorable!! I just got them in yesterday and I tried it on them and they loved them!! They are so ready to go for a run at the park with their aunt!!
B006PH7YN8 Great lightning deal. I purchased this hoodie on lightning deal for my fianc&eacute;, it was $26 if I remember correctly, and for that price it's a really good deal. It's lightweight, perfect for brisk early fall mornings, or for exercisizing but I wouldn't count on it to keep you warm when it's &lt;50 degrees.It's been washed a couple times and has held up fine.
B006QNQSV0 Puma ballerina flat Having never worn Puma's before (and not having access to try any on for sizing before I placed my order), I had to guess, and am pretty happy with my choice.  I wear either a 9 or 9.5 in most flats, and went with a 9.5 in this case just to be safe.  The width is good (fairly normal), but it's a bit bigger than I had hoped.  However, I'm glad I didn't go with the 9, solely because I think it would have been too small, and given me blisters.  These shoes are very comfortable, but they do take some time to break in, a day or 2...I wouldn't put them on and wear them all day the first day, is what I'm saying!  I'm on my feet 6+ hours at work, and these have a nice sturdy sole (similar to an actual tennis shoe) for better comfort.  They're not exactly supportive as far as the insole (though it's above and beyond the insole of my other flats) or the actual shoe itself, but it's a &#34;ballerina flat&#34;, what do you expect??  One of my favorite pairs of shoes, by far, I purchased them to wear while walking around Rome, and they were great!
B006QNQSV0 Comfortable & Attrative Puma rocks for attractive, super comfortable shoes.  I have purchased 3 different styles in the last month & love each of them.
B006QNQSV0 Slippery Sole Wearing these after a very light rain I slipped on a flat sidewalk and fell.  Another reviewer mentioned this, wish I'd given more thought to her comment.  They're cute but dangerous.
B006QNQSV0 Super sleek Easy comfort, good for casual days. The color is perfect to dress up some jeans and fit is just right, only needed a few days to break in.
B006QNQSV0 Really cute... ...but terrible blisters almost immediately.  This may be a size issue, although I'm usually an 8 no matter what, but I had hoped for a ballet flat with the comfort of a sneaker.  To be fair, it doesn't take much for me to get a blister, but I don't know that I'll be able to endure the time it may take to break them in.  Bummer.
B006QNQUH2 Most comfortable shoes everrrrrr!!!!! I ordered the Zandy Mesh Outsider in black/italian plum, and I must say. they are well worth the price. They came in less than five days and I wore them that weeked. They are also made of real sturdy flexible material and have really cute sued accents (which i love). The heels seem to have this comfortable air like cushion in them and the balls have a similar feel. This is perfect for those who stand up all day. Mardi Gras is coming up for me and I am so planing on wearing these to a few four hour parades!
B006QNQUH2 Look and feel great These are my answer to the common flip-flop.  I can wear these all day long walking and they never bother my feet.  They have the typical modern Puma style which I love.  They do run big so I had to return my original order.
B006QNQUH2 Comfortable I've read elsewhere that these shoes run small.  I wear a 7 1/2 to an 8, so I ordered an eight.  They are a little loose. Other than that, the shoes are comfortable and look nice. I've gotten lots of compliments.
B006QNQUH2 Very comfy! I am on my feet all day for work and these kept my feet comfy all day.They look dressy, but feel like sneakers.
B006QNQUH2 Comfortable, cute, and durable I have had these for about 6 months and love them.  I wear them all the time and they look great, even though I have abused them terribly (I don't think they were meant to be worn while doing landscaping or carpentry).  Also they make my feet look tiny.  That is not a major goal for me, but if you are looking for that in a shoe, there you go.
B006QNQUH2 Good deal These fashion sneakers are nice looking, but quite hard and stiff , especially on the toes.They were on sale, so I still think its a good deal.
B006QO3TCK Be ready for wet feet! These boots aren't waterproof, so don't purchase them if you live in a precipitous climate. They're cute and light but not useful for trekking through snow, puddles, rain, etc. I ended up with freezing, wet feet and soaking socks each day. I emailed Puma to complain about this and they said they never claimed their winter boots were waterproof. Oh, Californians...
B006QO3TCK I kept them but... I kept them but...They do not go on easy at all the way they are designed they make it difficult to slide your heel in easily.
B006QOI30I Purple & Black Sneakers Spent a whole day looking for purple and black sneakers on Amazon, and came across these. I usually order a 10 B because of my wide foot. My true size is 9.5 wide. There was plenty of room in the foot bed and they are very comfortable. Didn't even need to break them in.These sneakers are perfect in every way.
B006QOI4L6 Love them Lightweight, stylish and comfortable.  The size was right on and fit me like a glove.  I usually attempt to go to a store and try on footwear before ordering but this time I just ordered and I'm happy I did.  The toe box is a bit more pointy than I'm use to but I'm getting use to the sleek look.  The black accent lines give these shoes a nice clean look.  I would definitely recommend and would purchase again.
B006QOI4L6 Would recommended these These are very cute and comfortable shoes. Wanted something that was cute to wear with my shorts besides sandals and these are perfect.
B006QOI4L6 Puma I like a lot the colors and the design, style and how beautiful they are excellent for any gift or present who want to give
B006QOI4L6 they are so comfy! I use them for running and exercising they are very comfy to wear. when I use them I feel aerodynamic since they are very light. only bad part I got a blister because of the back but I haven't used them much so they're still a little stiff. I would recommend these to everyone!
B006QOI4L6 very pleased with the "classy-european" sneeker appearance. I ordered half size smaller based on comments in another customer's review.  They feel great without socks, but will be a tad snug with socks. I suggest sticking with your normal athletic style shoe size range.My husband even mentioned that the product was well made and very sporty and, just maybe a little &#34;sexy&#34;  with their jaguar side decal.
B006QOI4L6 Nice kicks I really like these shoes.  They are comfortable, nice looking and affordable.  I purchased these for crossfit training and they are working out well for that.
B006QOI4L6 Comfortable and Cute! I tried these shoes on at a local Puma store, but they didn't have the size I really needed. I ordered them and they were perfect and cheaper than in the store. They are super light weight and very comfortable. I wore them to walk around Disney World for several days!
B006QOI9G6 Puma Women's El Ace Ballet Dots Fashion Sneaker,Black I just love them, they are really comfortable. They will be great for the long hot summer we have here in Australia.
B006QOIEY8 Might have worked. I did not get the right size to see if they were really ok or not!I hope you have better luck!
B006QOIEY8 So pretty! Much more colorful than in the photos. A bit longer than expected but the width is just what I expect from puma. Brand new puma brand shoes in real puma packaging! Got them today will wear them to work tomorrow...I'll let you know how they feel after 9 hours on my feet. :)About 2 weeks now.. still love them! Thank you!
B006QOIEY8 Comfy sneakers at the right price I was in the market for sneakers and jumped when i saw these at such a great price. Really comfortable and with more support than what they look like. Not the super thin sole that many pumas have. These are definitely good sneakers for exercising, walking etc. Plus the colors are cute.
B006QOIGTG Fit well, look well, feel well I wore these shoes to work for the first three weeks. Never got tired of them. Stylish and comfortable. i even got praise from my boss.
B006QOIL8M Solid shoe Very stylish, but the leather inner might be a tad uncomfortable and hot at first. I suggest using the red laces instead of the white ones.
B006QOIP88 Puma Faas 400 Perfect fit, light weight and confortable sneakers. Just as described. Good buy for the money. I am very satisfied with this product, plus the colors is perfect match with my compression fix gear out fit.
B006QOIP88 Fabric upper not very durable Love the bright orange color sole, sleek profile and style but shows dirt immediately...especially the cracks in the orange plastic sole.
B006QOIQ4Q look better on the web look better on the web:Looks better in the picture than in reality. but, I highlight its comfort.I recommend it for anyone who is not very interested in the appearance.
B006QOIQ4Q Awesome shoe I bought these bad boys for Christmas. They are light and great to run in. Highly recommended. Can't wait to get another daily deal!
B006QOJ3HK puma voltaic 3 have 2 pairs of these and 2 pairs of the 4s. like both styles. fit is snug to start and streches out with use.
B006QOJ3HK good it was a buy for my dad he was pretty happy and they look pretty good i will buy this product.
B006QOJ3HK Light ,Sexy Comfortable, & Well Designed The PUMA Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe, Red/Yellow/Black/Silver, is a perfect sneaker , specially for running they are very comfortable and light, The color is very unique and attractive, I get many complements at the gym on a regular basis.
B006QOJ8PM PUMA Tazon 5 cross training shoes. Excellent Deal of the day purchase. Needed new casual but functional tennis shoes to replace my other Puma tennis shoes that I have worn out and the Tazon filled the need perfectly. Comfortable, light and durable with the distinctive PUMA style and logo to compliment the whole workout ensemble.
B006QOJ8PM Outstanding Looks and feels great.  It was ordered 2 days ago, and took exactly as long as indicated.  No complaints here.
B006QOJ8PM nice price and just for walking reasonable price and comfortable sneaks!  I traveled half way around the world with it and I do like it.  this is my first Puma.
B006QOJ8PM Was a gift My  brother is very happy with these sneakers, he's happy for him use to go to work every day. thanks
B006QOJ8PM I bought for my husband. My husband loves this shoe! He needs light weight and this soles for driving his sports car.  This fits his foot and the peddles very well!  He finds it very comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM bought these for my son He loves them. Thinks they both stylish and comfortable. His foot is a bit on the wider side and these have a bit more room in the toe area.
B006QOJ8PM comfortable Fits perfectly,  looks clean, comfortable. I can wear them with almost every outfit I have. Love the colors combined. Stylish
B006QOJ8PM Great Caught them for 40% off, great shoes for the price. Haven't worked out in them yet, but they look and feel great on my feet.
B006QOJ8PM I Love Puma Shoes Great for casual dress, walking or running. I receive lots of good ciompliments for the style. Nevertheless best price ever then home.
B006QOJ8PM brilliant because it is a good one and i love it very much and i will tell everyone about it in here.
B006QOJ8PM a bit pricy. a bit over priced. wish it was a 20% lower.  easy match with clothing especially with tight pants.  high maintenance.
B006QOJ8PM very comfortable and look good too I bought this shoes for work since I walk a lot, very comfortable and look good too!
B006QOJ8PM $40 well spent. Delivered on time and fits as advertised.
B006QOJ8PM Four Stars very comfortable shoe for working out and outdoor use
B006QOJ8PM Not bad, not great Fits OK but the material seems like it will crack and wear quite quickly. The sole is very hard and I would have preferred a softer sole
B006QOJ8PM Tread On! These pumas are rockin! Slipped these bad boys on and good night Irean! Awesome rides & cool looking
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars Excellent
B006QOJ8PM Great Product Was exsakly as listed. They are great. Very Light was not ready for that.Very highly recomended for any one. Thanks
B006QOJ8PM Good, solid shoes... ...for the price I paid (under $40). They do run small - I am somewhere between a 9 and a 9.5, and while these fit at 10, I probably could have gone to a 10.5 without an issue.Still, taking this into account, the shoes are definitely working for me on my treadmill running and walking.
B006QOJ8PM The shoes turned me into a Ninja Literally, I am now a ninja. I mean, I am not a "real" "ninja" in the "literal" sense, but "you" get the "point". They fit perfectly, snug but not so much that my feet sweat or swell up, and they are lightweight. Light like air, but a little heavier like a lightweight shoe. I feel like I could jump from building to building or onto rooftops if I wanted to. I have not, and I don't have any plans to do that sort of thing, but I imagine it would be effortless in these shoes.Not to mention that they are totally stylish. People might have mistaken me for Brad Pitt or LeBron James. That also has not happened, but they might if they just looked at my shoes. (Although I think LeBron wears a size larger than my 12, but who pays attention to that.)Bottom line, these Pumas are totally awesome and will change your life*.(*No guarantees, but again... they might.)
B006QOJ8PM perfect my first puma shoes and it's amazing. I love it, fits perfectly and it's lightweight. I recommend it to friends.
B006QOJ8PM Fit snug and feel great. They look and feel great. Although I haven't used but a few times, I feel they will do as great after wearing them few. months. I will post later should there be any issues.
B006QOJ8PM Recommend getting 1/2 size bigger Nice looking kicks! A little too snug for me, need a little more toe room, otherwise I am content with this purchase.
B006QOJ8PM Not the greatest Do not buy these if you are on your feet a lot, these are for just working out. If you look at the front sole you will see that there is zero cushion, and the back is very hard. These are great for lifting weights, working out, riding bikes, etc. But standing or walking a long time, then they suck.
B006QOJ8PM A tad bit tiny These shoes are very nice. They seem quite durable but unfortunately they are not true to size for my husband.
B006QOJ8PM I am very happy with this purchase I am very happy with this purchase.  It fits really well and is comfortable.  While I am not a jogger, I routinely go for 5 mile walks 3, 4 times a week and really glad I bought these.
B006QOJ8PM Three Stars RETURNED.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes I don't run, I box/cross train, but so far these shoes have held up nicely with all of the pivoting involved in boxing. (something Nike has failed to do. The bottoms of the soles will peel.) These shoes are light and well made. So far, so good.
B006QOJ8PM Three Stars No good cuality
B006QOJ8PM They are always comfortable. Got them in 2 business days. This is my forth pair of Pumas. They are always comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM Too large I have had many Puma shoes, and before I did the purchase of this item I checked the sizes of them. They were all 11 US. I got these and they were at least 2 sizes bigger. Gave them as a present to someone else.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes! Fantastic! Great traction and flexibility for my workouts (T25, Insanity). Great style too, I've always bought puma, And I always will.
B006QOJ8PM Puma sneakers I bought these for my husband.  He usually wears a 10.5 but I got him an 11. He says they are comfortable but next time I will get 11.5.  After he wore them all day his toes were hurting on one foot.  He really likes the style.
B006QOJ8PM Excellent Sneaks I don't usually post such great review but this sneaker is one of the best I've owned in a long time. Please order one size larger as I did I before ordering after reading reviews on this board.
B006QOJ8PM Sweet kicks These shoes are sweet. My husband saw them and wanted them. He's very happy with them and they got here the very next day!
B006QOJ8PM Great buy! I love Pumas.  I have many different pairs.  These run just a bit smaller then my others.  Love them & they look great!
B006QOJ8PM Good work PUMA Very good for the price (39$ amazon offer), no cheap materials and very comfortable, also they look nice and are easy to clean
B006QOJ8PM Product is as expected - Amazon's Pricing - Not! This product was on &#34;special&#34; for one day - and I was not at my PC that day. I tried to get the special pricing- but it was gone.I ordered the shoes anyway at a reasonable but not special price... and about 2 days later they were on sale again!!!  A really disgusting sales tactic - I got caught in a &#34;gotcha&#34;!!
B006QOJ8PM Good stability and cushioning I was used to wearing more &#34;mesh&#34; type shoes with much more breath-ability in the forefoot. These only have a few vent holes, however, it's not a problem. They don't feel too hot. Good stability and cushioning.220lb, I lift weights and do some moderate cardio with these shoes.
B006QOJ8PM i love the shoes are very nice, comfortable, size is accurate, I loved the colors.thank you very much for selling shoes as good
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars Very nice.
B006QOJ8PM Functional and Great Looking These are the sleekest looking footwear I've seen in a while. Really cool design. Not your standard cross trainer.
B006QOJ8PM A good buy. First time buying shoes on line. I was hesitant. Received item timely. I though at first I had made a mistake. They felt tight. Wore the at the gym's track for an hour and was comfortable. Have been using  for a few months now and  still glad I made the purchase.
B006QOJ8PM Good, Nice & Neat As expected size fits perfectly and comfortable, took the advantage of the deal. Looking forward for more such deals. THanks
B006QOJ8PM Wonderful I really like these shoes! I normally get new balance New Balance or Adidas.  But with the lightning deal, i went for it.  I took out the factory insoles (like I always do) and bought some Dr. Scholls inserts and made my shoes even more comfortable. I highly recommend these.
B006QOJ8PM Good Shooes fit really well it was a good purchase but they do make squeeky noise when you walk in them.
B006QOJ8PM great shoes bought as a Christmas gift for son and he was very pleased. would surely buy again.  great that they qualified for free shipping
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars Great buy was going to them at the mall for double the price
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars perfect arrived very fast
B006QOJ8PM I had to return them I normally wear a men's 7 but these shoes were tiny!  I was sad to see I couldn't exchange them, and was only able to return them.
B006QOJ8PM Hard on the feet Very attractive product but not suitable for persons with soft feet. It is a bit sturdy, so this makes waking more difficult than you would want. Difficult to recommend.
B006QOJ8PM Im happy with this purchased I'm happy with this shoes because they're fitted perfectly on me and are comfortable.Y really like the design and colors combination.
B006QOJ8PM Not exactly a Nike but worth the price It's lightweight, the silver strips are tacky and cheap looking; but the price compared to other brands is low. The question is whether or not it is a good sneaker? I have been using it for the last couple of weeks. I like it. It fits, albeit a mite loosely but that's all right, my Nike was a little smaller. My feet feel comfortable in it, and being lightweight has it's advantages while walking or running. Hope it will last for some appreciable time.Too many Pumas on it, aesthetically not that good. But we are talking of utilitarian value, right? Worth the money!
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars comfortable,stylish, & fast delivery
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars like it because it was as i expected, thank you.
B006QOJ8PM brilliant I usually wear an 11, but i ordered a 10 and it fits like a glove. materials are strong and well made. the shoe is extremely light and put together very well. perfect for everyday wear or whilst exercising (especially running)
B006QOJ8PM So comfortable! These are very comfortable, however the neon coloring is easily stained/discolored.  In the future I will avoid ordering in that color.
B006QOJ8PM Love them Fits perfectly and perfect for my workouts!  I would recommend these to anyone that like to look stylish at the gym :-)
B006QOJ8PM THESE DO MAKE YOU A NINJA! I bought these after reading a review saying these shoes made the buyer a ninja. I can vouch for that. My overall ninja abilities are way up. Very comfortable. Good Cushion and roomy toe box. NInja Approved. NInja. Ninja.
B006QOJ8PM Not For Serious Jogging ... I bought these to replace some jogging shoes that had worn out in the big toe area.  These are disappointingly thin.  They do not have sufficient padding, esp. for running on concrete or asphalt.  I am able to use them for brisk walking.  Another annoyance is that there is not tongue loop, so the tongue does not stay in place.  A nice shoe for general purposes, but not so much for exercise.
B006QOJ8PM You will get compliments! I love these shoes.  Comfortable and sizing is pretty accurate for me.  Well worth the price! Just go ahead and get them!
B006QOJ8PM Too good to wear & same as shown in the picture i like the design very much and very comfortable while wearing it. would recommend for others to buy this light weight one.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoes for Irish dance. I got these for Irish dancing with my wife.  They are not marketed as such, but they came up for some reason when I searched for dancing sneakers.Irish dancing, or Ceili, is like square dancing to Irish music, with a caller and everything.These seemed like a good alternative to real dancing sneakers since dancing sneakers have a split sole, which I'm not sure about, maybe I'll try them later, and it is not recommended you wear dancing shoes for anything other than the dance floor.Personally, I don't dance seriously enough to change shoes in the dance hall so I figured I'd give these a try.For my purposes, they turned out to be perfect. They are light, they don't have a lot of bulk, the soles are thin without a lot of grip. My usual cross training or running shoes that I buy on price alone because they're just for everyday use feel clumsy and clod-ish in comparison.Per the recommendation of other reviewers, I purchased size 11 when I usually take 10.5. This was nearly not enough of an increase, you may want to get 2 half sizes bigger. They fit like a snug glove for me though, with no hot-spots. I think they will feel even better as they break in.
B006QOJ8PM Buy them! Great shoe! My hubby loves them and he gets tons of compliments when he wears them. Wish they made bigger sizes too.
B006QOJ8PM Good Looking & Comfortable No break in needed. Very comfortable. Many good comments from others.Got them real dusty snd the dust just brushed off with ease.
B006QOJ8PM Good This is really a great product. All the previous review were helpful. I took one full size larger then I usually wear as I have broad feet and they fit really well... If you are too concern about comfort go for Nike..
B006QOJ8PM would be a good choice if with wide options. It is light weight and pretty. Too bad, it's too small for me to put them on,  so I can't say if it's comfortable while moving.
B006QOJ8PM as an older guy, this shoe  adds a youthful touch as advised by other reviewers, I ordered one size larger than what is customary and normal for me.  perfect.  as a confirmed sandal man, my feet get warm to hot on walks of several miles.  I like it-will order it or something from that Puma family again
B006QOJ8PM Pretty Good so far Fits great & feels pretty good. Could use a little more snug fit just below the ankle. I'll post more after longer use.
B006QOJ8PM gd it was perfect and like what i was waiting for.thank you very much for you're services and you're work
B006QOJ8PM very good very good. I like it very much. it fits me very well. puma is one of my favorite brands. thanks
B006QOJ91U Amazing fit! I work in a dental office, so I am on my feet all day. After reading some other reviews about the shoes being better for walking, I thought I would give them a try. I love them, they are very comfortable and at the end of a 10 hour day, my feet are not screaming for help. I would definitely recommend to someone looking for a good walking/standing shoe. I love them!
B006QOJDAW Great item but just above the big is snug I'll have to really work on them to wear for extended periods other than that, they are great and comfortable
B006QOJDAW comfortable I bought this sneakers a few weeks ago. I bought a size 8.5 and the length was perfect but across the instep was a bit tight, so I bought another pair, this time a size 9. Across the instep was still slightly tight but after wearing it a few times, it stretched and became very comfortable. Thanks Amazon, I would always purchase from you guys.
B006QOJDAW Five Stars Thanks for a good stuff
B006QOJDAW Nice but weird to wear This shoe is nice, well made, and very cute. It feels weird on my feet. May be just me but I put them on, walk around in them and feel ass if the sole is not made to walk in.
B006QOJDAW beautiful, but it hurts a little walk from my wife!tksNoquerocomentarmaisnadaporfavorisso&eacute;ridiculo
B006QOJSXE Puma Women's Winning Diva Ballerina Fashion Sneaker Great little casual shoe for wearing anywhere really, comfy and light while not making your feet to hot.Pleased with my purchase.
B006QOJSXE Mrs. I I love them!! They are very comfortable and good looking on, which says a lot because I have a high arch and instep.The best part is that I'm a purple fanatic & this shoe came in 2 different shades of purple.Please continue making them & you'll have a customer for life;-)Sincerely,Mrs. I
B006QOJSXE Love These are seriously so comfortable and they are cute whether your dressed up or casual. The perfect daily shoe. :) I have had many pumas and they are worth every red cent.  I have always got great compliments and they feel great.
B006QOK6TY webzom the worst seller i ordered the dark gray and blue puma, and they fit big, so i needed to exchange for a smaller size. i contacted the seller about the return label, they said that they do not provide returning labels. i returned them and i had to pay $18 for shipping just to return them. i have never had to return something and pay for it myself. do not buy from this seller unless you want to waste your money. i will never buy from this seller ever again. they do not know how to do business, and have customers come back.
B006QOK6TY great sneakers Love these they are so comfortable.Feels like you have nothing on your feet. love the colors they match anything you wear.
B006QOK6TY Nice Shoes Bought these for a gift, She loves Puma and has a hard time finding them around where we live in a style that she likes.  Loves these they fit well, are stylish and are exactly what she was looking for.
B006QOK6TY Great They are lovely. Some how i feel that the platform of the shoes on my right foot it was not well made. It feels no well cutted, my feet slides to the right. Nice design though. Thanks
B006QOK6TY Limestone grey... Purchased in the Limestone grey color.  From the photos, it looks like the wave/swish on the side is white.  It isn't.  The swish is metallic silver and very cheap looking.  I am always between a 9 or 9.5.  Bought these in the 9.5 and they are still a little tight (for reference, I have NEVER purchased a shoe in 10.)  Hope this review is helpful.
B006QOK6TY Bright and fun Had to return since they were to small.  I liked the look of them but chose not to reorder.  I hate returning things and didn't want to risk it again.
B006QOK6TY I love these..my sore feet do too! I'm glad that I ordered both 8 and 6.5...never know which I am.  These seem to run a little big and being leather will stretch.  When I put the 6 on it felt like butter.  That says a lot in that I have bad feet and they arre really sore now,  I would order these in any color I could get!
B006QOK6TY The swoosh was way too shiny These shoes were fairly comfortable, but that shiny swoosh was just too much.  I had to return them, but I may consider them in another color.
B006QOK6TY Cute Shoes I love how they look.  They go well with my Puma powder blue pants :) Good price, too.They are comfortable, but not meant for running.
B006QOK96Y puma Very comfortable. Bought these shoes for work and I love them. I wear them almost everyday. Definetly would recommend  to anyone that stands or walks for a long period of time.
B006QOK96Y Good shoes, but not my favorite shoes. Received these today and put them on right away for the gym. I have &#34;normal&#34; feet I guess, with rarely any fit issues. These fit just right. I wore them for a &#34;boot camp&#34; workout. Pistols, lunges, etc. were fine, felt stable, no slipping off or rubbing. Good traction. I haven't run in them but they feel good enough to do so comfortably. These would get 5 stars from me if they were as lightweight as my other, retired, shoes which were just about perfect (New Balance WE520 and W890).
B006QOKEJ6 puma all the way just comfortable there isnt much to debate if you are looking for good comfortable sneakers look no further pume had always delivered where comfort  and strenght is (puma all the way)
B006QOKESC Nice looking shoe My son loves his shoes and matching tee shirt.  We expected to receive a Puma box, becasue my son likes to store his shoes, but they came in a box without a lid.
B006QOL57G super cute but fitted I bought this shoes because I'm a big fan of Puma and needed some shoes for work. The color combo is super cute! but its a little fitted. After reading reviews, I purchased half a size up. When I received it in mail, tried it on and its still a little tight. I guess I'll just have to wear thin socks. Other than that, the shoe is super cute!
B006QOL57G my new fav I love Pumas. This is a great addition for the spring. I've gotten lots of compliments.They are very light and fit well.
B006QP1SCC Cute in photo In the photo these shoes look cute/questionable cute.  I wanted shoes that go over the ankle and these clearly do and they are made by Puma. They are alright. I thought that it would be made with leather which it is not. They come with white shoe laces as seen in the photo. and the box it comes in has a extra reusable bag to carry the shoe box. Over all i gave these shoes 2stars cause they arent as cute as the photo indeicates.
B006QP1URU What I expected Very good product
B006QP1V9W Choice Please teenagers is very difficult at times, when ordering this item, the decision was I like it I don't like it maybe, etc. Now that the item is here, quote &#34; I told you I made the right choice&#34; Kids,
B006QP1W0U Changed the Laces Other than that they were exactly what I wanted at a great price. I esp. like the purple sole, livingt in LA, if I wear yellow I represent the LA Lakers in a conservative way. I've gotten many compliments on my retro looking Pumas. I would and intend to buy more Pumas as they are very comfortable right out of the box. I'm wearing them right now
B006QP37LW Great Shoes !The shoes are comfy and stylish. They are a perfect, just as all Pumas normally are, they are soooooo cute
B006QP37LW Good I bought this item for my wife and she loved it, she says she loves PUMA, I'm very pleased, Thanks!!!!
B006QP37LW Love it! Just what I wanted! I can not complain! My sister saw mines and asked me to buy the exactly the same shoe for her!
B006QP3CCQ good i really liked these shoes they are just pretty messy and get dirty right away but if you take good care of them they are a perfect mathc.
B006QP3CCQ Stylish and supportive I have ankle issues, but I am not ready for an old lady shoe.  I love these purple beauties.  They are comfortable, supportive, and the 12 year old girl next door thinks they are cool.  They take a few minutes to put on, as high tops do.
B006QPGCAA Perfect! These were a gift for my boyfriend.  He has the black ones and decided to get him the grey ones as well.  He loves them and they fit perfectly.
B006QPLSZ4 Best Puma automaker series sneakers so far These Mercedes series sneakers really fits the contour of your feet, and both feel and look great. I own several puma and these have been good buy.
B006QPLVA6 awesome boots ware well I use them for work, witch occasionally requires standing on ladders for extended periods of time most shoes or boots Iv had end up uncomfortable in that situation, but the puma's ecosole hold up well
B006QPLVA6 perfect buy I stand all day on the highway and these are the best shoes that I have had in a long time, fyi they are hot in the sun so you need to ware thin socks but other than that its well worth the buy
B006QPLVA6 PERFECT !!! I BOUGHT THOSE FOR MY SON, THEY LOOKS CONFORTABLE AND PERFECT FOR OUR TRIP TO VANCOUVER IN DECEMBER. THEN I WILL TELL YOU HIS EXPERIENCE
B006QPLVA6 Nice boots Comfortable boots. The only thing I did not like is that the sole is very smooth when the floor is wet.
B006QPLVA6 Every step feels awkward These boots seem to be built pretty well, but after wearing them for a few days, the imperfections become obvious. The right boot feels as though the sole on the heel is uneven, and the left boot pushes up against the arch. That makes every step feel awkward. At least it's not painful, so I still wear them at work. I'm definitely not buying them again though. I wear sizes 10.5 to 11, the 10.5 is just the right length, albeit a little snug.Update: After a couple of weeks wearing them at work, theses boots have become quite comfortable. They no longer feel awkward and uneven footed, so I gave it an extra star on the rating.
B006QPM5GA Divine Ferrari Piece To Cherish!~ This shoes is an art piece! Pixs don't do any justice on these.Incredibly light!!!!! The details throughout from every angle of the shoes is nothing,but pure pleasure to everyone's eyes!~
B006QPN3ZW Wonderful product Wonderful service! When I needed to exchange for another size I couldn't believe how easy it was!  A truly satisfied first time buyer!
B006QPN3ZW Beautiful and comfortable! Could not be happier with this purchase! It's the first sneaker i have ever owned thats makes me wanna go out and buy one of those special shoe conditioning creams!
B006QPN3ZW Very comfortable and lightweight Very comfortable and lightweight. I wish the price was a little cheaper, but that's what to expect when they put a BMW logo on it.
B006QPN3ZW Classy Shoe I bought these shoes for my Husband for Father's Day, I was so excited when I saw how great they looked, I gave them to him early and he simply loved them!
B006QPN3ZW Puma Drift Cat 4 BMW Sneaker is everything I hoped! Was looking for something comfortable for both active lifestyle (dancing, walking long distances, or just relaxing). This shoe did everything it was supposed to, all the while keeping me looking stylish and fresh. Love the design. Quality is good (so far). Feet are comfortable. The only issue I had was that I am a girl and was hoping to get it in a size that would better fit me, but this was the smallest it came in. It said 23.5 cm, and it was a bit too big for me. I guess I'll just wear thicker socks! :)
B006QPN3ZW nice it's very good. nice to wear.it's my gift to my father, he said he like it.they are nice shoes.
B006QPN91K He loved them! Got them as gift for a BMW enthusiast and he loved them.  They look very good!  A def necessity for a BMW man!
B006QQ0WYG Georgeus! Excelent, I'm happy for your service, it is very good. The product is great, same as the picture.I highly recommended, I will tell my friends, thanks!
B006QQ0WYG Birthday Gift :) I got a pair for my bofriend as a birthday gift and he loved them! He says their super comfortable and dont way a thing.
B006QQ0WYG Puma Drift Cat 4 SF Carbon Fashion Sneaker very good product over all original.comfortable and light came on time and fast. I recommend it is a safe and reliable shopping.
B006QQ0WYG I Actually Impressed My Son I am not the most fashion forward person but I bought these as a gift for my son. He was and is still, very happy with the fit and styling of these shoes.
B006QQ0Y7G Christmas gift My son loved these. He keeps saying how comfortable they are and that they are both casual and dressy. He wears them every day.
B006QQ0Y7G Puma Future Cat M2 Weave Fashion Sneaker,Black/Dark Shadow/Red courts are very comfortable,and what I like most is the design that have......
B006QQ0Y7G confortable this shoes are very confortable, they feel like socks. The design is very nice and elegant. It arrived on time
B006QQ0Y7G Husband loves them! My husband bought these shoes and loves them.  They're casual, but still ok for him to wear to work. :)
B006QQ11IM Christmas saved! The shoes was a Christmas gift for my little cousin. His mom has said that he has not worn any other shoe except those. They fit perfectly on him and he loves them.
B006QQ11IM Perfect Perfect. No problems. Right size. Fit great. Feel great. Look really good. No complaints. Very good for the price for sure
B006QQ13DU awesome! this is just an awesome shoe overall! very lightweight and comfortable. plus this is probably the best puma sneaker I've ever seen.
B006QQ18MQ My son loves this shoe A gift for my son and he loves the look of the sneaker and the way it feels and fits.  He is very pleased.
B006QQ18MQ i return one puma mens what happenet wiht may money back what happennet  because i returnet a puma mens 11.5 so i need my money back in my account. i ordenig a new puma mens so what do you wan whit my money.
B006QQ18MQ Nice shoes This was an excellent purchase and I apply my 20 off percent so it cost me like 60 bucks the size 9.5 its a little tight on my toes
B006QQ18MQ love it it was a gift for my father and he absolutly love it ! nice colors and always fashion Puma never fails
B006QQ18QC puma el rey flexband a great style of puma for the non traditional look.  i love them.  rather flat...but stylish.  goes with khakis amazingly well without the athletic look.
B006QQ1B3W broke through the seam I rarely put the shoes to and disrupted by sewing,beautiful but lasted only one monthall time came fast but I doubt pitifully product quality.
B006QQ1B3W Great for go kart racing! :-) I bought these for my boyfriend to use as racing shoes for go kart racing.  They are much more affordable than actual race shoes made by some of the big name racing brands and work just as well.  If you are a racer, you know a thin sole is very important for pedal feel.  These have a nice thin, flexible sole that make them perfect for racing.  And they look nice, too! :-)
B006QQ1B3W NICE TYPE OF CLOTH! Very nice product just gets dirty very easily ! so if you want it for to play soccer or a sport better be one that is not that dirty!
B006QQ1B3W cool shoes Cool and comfortable but highly susceptible for stains.i have many paid for pumas but these I do like most of all.
B006QQ1B3W Pretty Comfortable but ripped with 2 days of regular use I am really disappointed with this shoes. I think that was an exception and I want to rely on Puma`s quality. I received the shoes on Friday and used Friday night and Saturday. Sunday I noticed that the shoes started ripped on the left side near of the lines details from the outside.It looks really fashion and it is comfortable. For that reasons I have decided to try change for the same model and give another chance.
B006QQ1C5E sneakers These sneakers were given as a gift I would not buy them they have no supports in them at all. You might as well walk barefoot.
B006QQ1C5E Mostly good... I bought these primarily as a biking shoe, for which they work pretty well.  Their main short-comings, in my experience, are that they're not warm enough for cold weather & the soles are very slick when wet
B006QQ1C5E LIGHT AS A FEATHER! I HAVE TROUBLE TYING SHOES WITH MY ARTHRITIS.  THE VELCRO FLAPS ARE NICE.  THESE SNEAKERS HAVE A SLEEK LOOK. I  WOULD BUY AGAIN.
B006QQ1C5E Too thin I was excited at the prospect of getting these shoes, as I don't care for the styles generally available in this type of shoe.  However, even though I tried to err on the large side of my size, I found that the closure wouldn't go all the way around my foot - apparently, the factory simply took the measurements of local people's small feet and then increased the length as necessary to meet the size specification without increasing the other dimensions proportionately.
B006QQ1C5E good price the shoes a kinda narrow kept them anyways the price was good they work got them pretty  quick was satisfied
B006QQ1C5E very stylish Love those shoes, fits perfect, goes with anything. My friends are starting to get on the PUMA wagan right now.
B006QQ1DAS time tested Street approved I love these shoes. They are very reliable.  I've had them for several months an use them constantly for dancing and battles.  Needless to say many things have happened to them and they look just fine.  The material really allows for easy cleaning.  It's a great shoe to have. I lOVE Puma lol
B006QQ1DKS Great! I loved! The minute I got it I started wearing it.. Confortable, looks good, matches all types of clods and its Ferrari!
B006QQ1DKS Decent but not great... It seems these are designed to appeal to children.  The quality of the uppers seems a bit cheesy in some respects tho overall quallity is decent.  I think these are more about style then function and I wanted DRIVING shoes, they are fine for driving just not my fave.  Only major gripe is the tung doesn't stay up but tends to slide sideways and down.  I like the Puma Drift Cat 4 Fashion Sneaker better despite the punk name, no one knows the name of your shoes.  (Keep in mind these are not comfortable for long walks as the sole is to thin and hard for that and running in them is poor, they are light wt. so that's good but the sole has near zero cush and still thin enough to allow a small rock to cause pain in your step.)
B006QQ1DKS Puma never disappoint me These pair of shoes are awesome. They feel so comfortable and are really well made.The best thing bout them is that they feel really good while driving. They support your ankle really well.They have kind of a wheel shaped detail all the way down from the lower back which looks really cool.
B006QQ1DUI Testastretta III Ducati Puma These shoes are by far the most stylish that I have ever worn and not too bad in the comfort arena either.
B006QQ1DUI Beautiful These are very comfortable...i know that they arent actually riding shoes but they were so comfortable and interfaced so well on the bike.I even had persons stop me while riding to comment on how great they looked.
B006QQ1HZ4 Cool Kicks Awesome deal on great shoes I like the whole Cat line and these are a must have addition. No better price anywhere
B006QQ1MAY inconsistent I ordered 10 for my son and it was too small. so I ordered 10.5 which and it was even tighter in width.the leather was much stiffer for 10.5 and narrower in width. very frustrating to have to return this back to Shoebacca.
B006QQ1NXU Ganster look Puma is classic look and affordable. when i wear them i always get a compliment. It is a very elagant brand
B006QQI3ZQ LOVE!!! Love this shoe! Well made and very comfy and I have received numerous compliments on them.  Overall I am very satisfied!
B006QQI76Q Very nice shoes My hubby loves his shoes. They are perfect for cold and hot weather. Best purchase ever, they arrive quickly. The colour looks exactly how it looks online.
B006QQI76Q Great shoes for a girl or a guy :) Great shoes for a girl or a guy :) I bought these for myself (I'm a girl) and I wear these everyday to class. They are great. I did buy some protective spray and I don't wear them when it's muddy out. I like them b/c I can wear them with dressier clothes and they look good but they are still sneakers and super comfortable! I did have to buy a 1/2 size bigger than what I would normally buy. I have big feet for a girl and these make my feet look smaller, which means they are the best shoes I have ever owned!! Couldn't ask for more :)
B006QQIYL4 ok ok very good satisfaced my spectatives  for this item ok all fine, this product the remomend for future  them person
B006QX9X80 Good Good Royal blue shirt Country cat tee Medium with three colors of the Italy flag of Puma.. I like it.
B006QX9X80 For my son ... and he likes it.Not much more to say, just filling the word quota.And I need six more words, this will do it.
B006QX9X80 great puma This item had great fast shippinand arrived -earlier than stated .It is a gift for my husband and he really likes it.
B006QX9X80 Excellent product!! I love the design, very original!!The materials are excellent as usual for Puma.It's ver comfortable and in my case not available in M&eacute;xico.
B006QXOWHC Very Comfortable This jacket is very comfortable and is great for the spring months. It's lightweight and doesn't restrict movement. The yellow lining of the hood, drawstrings, and logo on the left arm make you more visible in evening hours, but are not so garish as to look out of place during the day.
B006QXOWHC Perfect. I Got it as a gift and it came fast and in great shape just what i wanted. Thinking of getting one for my self
B006QXOWHC Puma what can I say I love Puma, The only thing, I wish they offer larger sizes for Tall and Big men. The tall sizes which I am would fit men with 38/39 sleeve length and I am sure they would hit an untapped market. If you go to their website they don't even offer the 2xt or higher as well as the XB sizes. Here's hoping someone at Puma reads this :)
B006QXPX9I A Nice Hoodie It looks exactly as presented, and it feels great. I have washed it once and it came out fine without tearing or fading.
B006QXPX9I Fancy! My fiance loved it!  He asked for hoodies for Christmas so he got tons of hoodies and this was his favorite.  It looks nicer than the usual black, blue, or grey hoodie.  Oh and its really soft.
B006QXPX9I Awesome Hoodie! This is a heavy fleece lined hoodie that not only looks really good, it washes well and is nice and warm.
B006QXPX9I Great deal and great product It was just as advertised. It's my husband's favorite sweatshirt. It was also at a very reasonable cost. Thank you.
B006QXPX9I Nice Nice thick pullover. As pictured and worth the money. My husband loved it. I would recommend the fleece and matching pants.
B006QXPYN8 Great sweatshirt! My husband wants another one but in another color. My husband is a coach and has to have all his sports clothing to match. He tells me that you can not weat Addidas with Puma so I have to buy him all matching brands. I bought him Puma because it is his favorite and he loves to wear it because it is thick.He did tell me that it runs small.
B006QXPZT6 Feels and fit great! It fits and feels great! The material is soft and looks good. I would definitely buy another one! It was great to ice skate on them.
B006QXPZT6 grabage when i open the packeg it does small like cigrate and the paint was dirty .it does have lot  of dirty spot on the paint.
B006QXPZT6 great with the matching jacket These pants run a touch long in the legs for my husband, although his legs are a little on the short side. Waist is fine and the width of the legs is good. He loves these, says they are very comfortable. Looks nice with the matching jacket.
B006QXPZT6 Nice pants. Your choices won't let me say that they were okay except that they were too long.  had to have them shortened.  won't buy them online again, will see them at the store.
B006QXPZT6 comfort and style just have to have them tailored a little bit. I'm 5'8'' and they are just a couple inches long. very nice though
B006QXPZT6 awesome just what my son wanted so thank you for having them for me to order all is great thanks sooooo much
B006QXPZT6 I like theese pants They are pretty thin but I still really like them they have a bright yellow draw string to match the strip you can't see that in the photo it's a nice touch.
B006QXPZT6 Thicker than I thought I was hoping for thin pants these are really nice. Just a little thicker than I wanted. Wouldn't buy if you want thin workout pants.
B006QXPZT6 Perfect very relaxing and perfect size. Puma it's my favorite brand .Thank you Amazon for making it easy for us to find what we need .
B006QXPZT6 Way too long I think I will stick with champion.  The legs were way too long.  I realize the American male is getting bigger and bigger, but this is a bit overdone.
B006QXPZT6 Just what I ordered.  Thanks! Nice PUMA pants for exercise or wearing around the house.  Price is very reasonable.  It is just what it appears so if you like it order it.
B006QXPZT6 Pants were WAY too long....bummer. Nice quality but they were way too long for my husband. I had to return them....oh well. Maybe they will fit someone who is 6 feet tall or more.
B006QXPZT6 Great for a lean, tall guy! After trying a couple of pairs by other makers that were too short for my son's 6'1&#34; frame, I tried these in small and finally found ones long enough for a thin 6'1&#34; teen.  Written by a grateful mom!
B006QXPZT6 Excellent Just perfect!$ very comfortable For exercise!! Is the perfect clothing !!! Planing to keep on buying more in different colors.
B006QXPZT6 Nice Pants I love these pants the fit perfectly, they are comfortable and as a matter of fact I'm wearing them right now! Great product.
B006QXPZT6 nice item These pants from puma are about what I expected. They look nice, and have held up pretty good. However, they were way too long, and I had to have them hemmed.Luckily, the logo was up far enough on the leg that it didn't look too weird after they were altered.So they are a little big,if I ordered them again i would go down a size.
B006QXPZT6 Great purchase This pants fitted as expected.  They look good and perfect for the gym or just to hang out anywhere. I bought more cuz I love them.
B006QXPZT6 excellent Fits perfect and snet on time! Great pants I bought 3 more in different colors ...I get complimeted on them all the time:)
B006QXPZT6 I liked I liked and comfortable in donning spam that was slightly larger aperture, but did not greatly affect the total very good
B006QXPZT6 Puma es Puma I like puma because it combines quality and good price, size according to what is shown, excellent material, as we say here &#34;puma es puma&#34;
B006QXPZT6 Good price good product It was a good deal for the price, it's wide for the legs but I like it I don't like skinny pants!! buy them
B006QXPZT6 We love Puma My husband loves Puma, very nice quality. He is 6' 1&#34;, so I had to hem them up approx 1.25&#34;.The all around fit is perfect, no saggy or bulky/puffy looking crotch like some of the other athletic wear fits.
B006QXPZT6 Fits big, good lenght I'm 6'1&#34;, 225lbs - length is perfect.The legs of the pants are straight so because the pants fit slightly big...the foot of the pants is also slightly wide. But i'm ok with the pants.If you are looking for a close fitting pants - this is not for you.
B006QXPZT6 Good material The fit overall is good, it is just that the length of the pants are very long. I would get a size shorter if I did it again
B006QY4AW8 Happy A Must have for Mercedes F1 fans!  Love it and is perfect for those 60 degree chilly days?  Go Hamilton!!!!
B006QYHHFU Five Stars Fit perfectly, washes and dries on high heat perfectly.
B006QYHHFU Great Hoodie Bought this as a gift for a teenager. He is touch on his clothes. It fits great & washes well. No complaints.
B006QYHHFU Great This hoodie is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B006QYHHFU Headline blah blah Puma I love Puma but for some reason I thought this hoodie was black and blue, not Navy Blue and blue. the wrist area are super tight and make impressions on my forearms when pulled up away from the wrist. Besides that they always are a favorite (PUMA)
B006QYHHFU I like it Ordered on a whim, but was pleased with this hoodie, I wear it once or twice a week now that it's winter
B006QYHHFU Fits amazing I have to say that I love this hoody. It fits amazingly perfect and its so soft. Great for those cold morning runs.
B006QYHHFU Disappointing This Fleece is not a slim fit like u see in the picture... It is fat and improper in shape when you wear it.
B006QYT5B4 Perfect for after workout, lounging and traveling. 5/21/13  UPDATE--I now have another one of these tops and this one is a little different than what I got before.The material is ever so much more lightweight, still nice though.  The cut of the sleeves is looser and the body is a little less fitted.  I still like it quite a bit, but now notice (on the new version) that the weight of the hoodie part is heavy enough that it pulls up the front part whenever I'm doing something active (ie jogging in the cooler weather).For wearing when out and about it's great (and is roomy enough to fit over snugger athletic wear) BUT for actual activity it is a tad annoying.  I'm not changing my star rating as I still like it okay, it's just more geared towards lounging and being a coverup (as the name implies).  Oh, and still holds up to a dryer without shrinkage.--------------------- Original Comments Below-----------------------This is one of the few civilian clothes items I brought with me on a recent trip (2 months) and turned out to be my favorite top.  Lightweight but long sleeves are great for mosquito-icky areas, a nice weight for cooler indoor climates when it's roasting out, and has the added benefit of being just fitted enough to look good, without being overly snug for 'out in public' places.Soft, comfortable and most importantly held up very well to industrial strength washers/dryers.  Despite my fears, no significant shrinkage noted on high heat dryer settings (someone helpfully moved my clothes from washer to dryer and this hit the dryer with no ill effect).  I love this thing and now am ordering a second color (I have blue and now want grey too).Highly Recommended!JTG
B006QYTFSC NIce Hoodie and Great Quaility In addition to my taste in Puma products, I have ordered my GF a few Puma products..(shoes, hoodies and other accessories.SHe was very please!
B006QYTFSC Warm and awesome I have these on three colors and they are warm and are perfect. Can wear alone in spring as a jacket.
B006QZ3CCG Good one Wonderful pant, i really like the texture, the colour and how it fits me!!! i am so happy for this
B006QZFFOY Love these capris anything puma pink is on my top 10 fashion. please feel free of suggest any other limited edition puma products at  got2balooker@yahoo.com
B006QZG40S Very attractive. My son love this tee; he looks very attractive in them. The material is great and washes well. I recommend this tee.
B006R07PUA Very nice I love this track Jacket, it is very stylish. It was exactly what I expected. I bought it for my son,and he also loves it.
B006R07Q3Q great item great little outfit for my son. It fits really well and is easy to clean up. My boy looks good in it!
B006R6TTVW Good My son loves Puma that why I bought it. I shouldn't have to say anymore. That's why I don't like to do these
B006R6YOSU love it My son was in soccer this last fall and loved it, he happened to be on the Spain team also. So when I found this online I knew he would want it and he did!
B006R6ZULU Ferrari shorts. My son loves these shorts.  They look great and he really likes the look of them as well.  He says they are very comfortable and always has a big grin when wearing them.
B006R7KECY Cute, but, too short. i bought for my 12 year old.  T-shirt is a little short.  My daughter likes them longer with a little pull.  We kept but should have sent them back because she won't wear it.
B006R865R6 Great and comfortable My daughter needed shorts for school sports (practices).  They are very comfortable without being too short (she has very long legs, but is skinny).  Not sure how they would fit on thicker waists.
B006SZ5F5G Cool! For the prize and the sporty look of it + it's PUMA.. Its worth it. I definitely keep wearing this all the time.
B006SZ5F7Y gift this was a gift for a friend who loves black accessories and he just absolutely loved it, thank you- perfect.
B006SZ5F7Y it's soooooo amazing!!!! i gave this to my roomie for his birthday and he loved it! it's perfect for his work and style
B006SZ5FA6 Love it! Exactly what I wanted/expected. It's a straight forward watch, simple, flat, light weight, tells time...period. The light at night is a lot like indaglow, which I love and didn't expect. My only downer was that it came with a dead battery. No biggie, just went to target and got the battery and replaced it myself (total of 4 screws for the back plate, and three screws for the battery). Battery cost me $5.All in all, love it!
B006SZ5FCE item as described item as described, its just amazing and the colors are so great, i just love it. Really nice and beautifull
B006SZ5FCE Could be better Great customer service by amazon. Had issue with package, but they sort it out and got my package on time.I think this product would have been better with adding component such as alarm. For about 30 bucks, I think it should include.Overall it's a great stylish watch.
B006SZ5MN6 nice! bought this item for my wife and she truly loves it. Lightweight and has a sporty feel. be reminded that the female watches are smaller than the men.
B006SZ5MN6 Three Stars Average
B006SZ5MN6 Like I like it, though not sure if it is durable especially I intend to wear it in the Gym while exercising.
B006SZ5MN6 great! My wife stopped using others watches (hard to believe), so I guess I have made a very good selection definitly
B006SZ5MY0 Five Stars peque&ntilde;o pero buenoooo , se mancho
B006SZ5NAI Love It! I loved the style, the shape and the colors and that it was light weight! It was a great buy for the money
B006SZ5QXM It looks really cool! I liked how it looks. It says it's water proof but according to the manuals it only resists water splashes like when you're washing your hands. I don't feel like testing though.I'd like it to have a light or something to help you see the time in the dark.
B006SZ5R1S Amazing, gorgeous!!!!!!! So cute!!! This I reccomend, for the price just amazing, the best ever. Has everything it says it supposed to have.
B006SZ5V3C Four Stars good and nice but looking more to women style
B006SZ5YBG I love it I am realy satisfied and  and this is wall  I want to say, so  i dont wanna write any more.
B006SZ5YNO Beautifully done, comfortable to wear. 
B006SZ610O nice.. use it to work, very nice and will buy again. highly recommended, it got scratches now but i don't mind still looks good.
B006SZ64BA Christmas gift I bought this as a present for the wife for a Christmas gift so I still do not have a great review base, however, this appears to be a great product.
B006SZ64BA however needed one for work - this fits the bill nicely. It is not too big I haven't worn a watch in a long time, however needed one for work - this fits the bill nicely.  It is not too big, has a light and I can read the numbers without my glasses - well worth the money!
B006SZ64BA I love it Perfect
B006SZ64BA it will be good in a rain storm Kinda cheap. Don't believe the product description as far as waterproofing. When you get the watch, the documentation in the box will say that you can't even take a shower with it. So in other words, it will be good in a rain storm, but as long as that rain storm doesn't last for too long. lol
B006SZ64BA No water resistent It doesn't say when purchase that it is not water resistant, i realized it when i opened the product box.
B006SZ6578 Soso I liked it for the color mostly, have had puma watches before. This one was not my favorite. Too big for a girls wrist (length wise) and just not as cute as I thought it would be
B006UJL8VU Good socks, but not what I was expecting. These socks are nice socks; I really like the feel of them. With that being said, they are NOT no show socks. I ordered them with the expectation that they would be no show, but they very much show. I can still use them, just not how I had hoped. That's why I'm rating the product three stars. The socks themselves are very nice, but they're not "no show."
B006ULQ06Q Nice Jacket I like the jacket but I thought the leather should have be a lot softer/supplethan it is... Especially for the price..Overall its a nice jacket for the fall and spring
B006VDQNHE Awesome cleats Bought these for my son.  I usually wait until the last minute to find cleats for my kids, and this year was I exception. Since we live out In the sticks it was so nice to be able to find name brand cleats online with free shipping that showed up at our door just in time for practice to start.  Love the looks if these shoes, too.
B006VDQTB4 Just as advertised Great product. Great fit. Have stood up well during season. Much easier than fighting the crowds at the store. My daughter really liked them
B006VE7EI0 Love them. I am so very very glad that I got these,for they have the one thing most pants today lack,pockets. I love going for long walks in them,for they are comfy!
B006VE8YSY Excellent boots for my son! These are so nice and attractive! Plus, the boots are of good quality, and my son wears these Powercats for his training and games as a young football player. Both of us liked Puma Powercat soccer boots a lot!
B006VE8YSY cool soccer cleats my son loves them and noodyelse had them.. he said they were really comfortable unlike other brands of cleats thank u
B006VEOXA2 Nice soccer cleat These were exactly what my daughter needed for her first year playing soccer. These do not have the removable cleats the cleat is built into to sole. Also I was wary of the white as it might get too dirty however the material lends itself very well to wiping clean so these shoes stayed looking very nice through the whole season...including sime rain games.
B006VEP4NM comfortable and stylish Very comfortable and stylish.  I wish I could get this in different colors because the fit is very good for me -- and I think kind of flattering because it's sort of fitted at the waist.  I feel sporty in it, and I think the weird mesh elbows are kind of cool.  (Even though I don't suffer from sweaty elbows.)
B006VEPFK4 Love this PUMA! My grandson's team colors are orange and blue - so I naturally navigated to this indoor shoe.  He loves the shoes!!!  We are very pleased!
B006VEQH42 This shoes are great I ordered these shoes for my son and the size was perfect and the shipping was fast, only if my post office would have gotten it to me on time I had to go to my post office and pick them up because they had them there and wouldn't ship them out yet but other then that my son loves these shoes he says they are comfortable and he runs great in them there not to tight which is the problem we have had in the past I would recommend these to any soccer player.
B006VEQH42 Great shoes! They fit well and look great! Can be used for young boys or girls as they are not gender specific! Would order again from this seller!
B006VEQH42 Great Cleats! These cleats are very light, fit well, and look good.  Being white, they get dirty easily, but the material is very easy to clean.
B006VEQH42 Puma Rocks! Absolutely beautiful, light weight and comfy, perfect for six year old boys to play soccer. Easy to clean and wear!
B006VEQH42 Solid Cleat that Lasts We just purchased the third pair of these specific cleats (different color) for our 10 year old daughter. She plays competitive soccer for a club and has for three years. These are the best cleats she's had over the years which is why we keep getting them. She loves them.We've purchased new pairs only because her feet keep growing. The outgrown cleats always have little wear, even though she is hard on them (lots of tackling, etc.). Cleats from other vendors have worn down quickly in the past. Also, her foot is sort of narrow and these fit her much better than others we have tried in the past.
B006VEQH42 Good reviews The cleats are working out good so far, my daughter actually thinks the cleats makes her a better soccer player
B006VEQH42 PUMA Magnificent boots and any child will be proud to wear these top of the line boots. Puma have done it again.
B006VESI5I Thumbs down Looks nice and easily gets scraped up the paint chips off and looks really tacky. Wouldn't buy this shoe again.
B006VESI5I Puma Evospeed 5 IT Junior Soccer Cleat My son just love these sneakers he's enjoying it to the MAX he's in the sunny Trinidad with them on his little Winter vacation
B006VWJSL8 Great Track Jacket Bought this track jacket to add to my already enormous collection of track jackets.  It really does look great.  I get question like &#34;where did you buy this?&#34; all the time.
B006VWJSL8 Nice Jacket for the price I guess the only real draw back about the coat is the zipper is a bit hard to get started otherwise it looks tight cheaper than what I would of spent at the mall.
B006VWJSL8 awesome style Love the style, just too big. Great buy! Its a cool cool jacket and I am an avid collector!  Buy one!
B006VWJSL8 my husband loves this Bought this as a Christmas gift and my husband loves it! The jacket is close fitting, but he says very comfortable and warm. Wish there were more colors so I could get him more!
B006VWJSL8 Nice jacket - like the look Nothing too outrageous.  Good jacket and comfortable.  A tiny bit on the big side, but not swimming in it by any means.  Fits and looks good.
B006VWJSL8 I know... track suits are so 80's What can I tell ya, I like comfortable and this (with it's matching pants) are just that!!  I needed an easy to pull on pair of pants when i broke my wrist, and I wanted something nicer than sweat pants.
B006VWJSL8 Dope Great fitt .. I give it 5 stars if i could give more i will. Buy it . You wont be unhappy
B006VWJSL8 as I expected I always wanted a puma track suit and this was one of the ones I wanted. I'm glad I was able to grab one from here.
B006VWJSL8 I liked Excellent and comfortable, Severity excellent Severity excellent feel comfortable to wear them when it is suitable for my need And beautiful appearance
B006VWJSL8 Jacket is perfect This was purchased as a tennis jacket.  The size is accurate; the material just right for a lightweight jacket.  He loves it.
B006VWJSL8 Good product It was a good stuff and I liked it very much. But I believe price was bit costly. Thanks you
B006VWJSL8 what can i see i just love it i like the puma jacket it's made by good quality sport lock i would like to recommended people to buy it
B006VWJURU Wonderful item! The jacket was a gift item and it fit perfectly. It was just what he requested and he wears it all the time.
B006VWLPLE Awesome Awesome fit and love how it is not just a print. It is embossed detail which will last longer and it is light weight which is great for the summer. Again I ordered a large bc it looked like it ran small and my hubby normally wears a med. But recommended for any guy as a gift or for whatever occasion.
B006VWLPLE Great buy! Husband liked but not a fan of all white so it is mostly hanged up in his closet! But material is good and looks nice! However I would list as a very delicate wash.
B006VWUX6M CUTEST sweats. these look really CUTE on me, especially with the button on the leg - i like to button just the outside buttons on both legs, and i think it looks dope.  waistband is nice and comfy but not loose at all, i like how wide it is, too.  wearing them much more than i expected.
B006VYGLHA In love My daughter fell in love, so much so that i had to keep them even though they were clearly too big. &#34;They will fit next year&#34; she saysShe even wanted to wear them to big. I was going to exchange them, but already showing unavailable. I'll keep them. She will grow into them. I didn't know they made noises untill we got them. BONUS
B006VYXJBQ Hot Golf Shoe Fit great and look awesome. I am very happy with my purchase. They came with a bag to keep them in too.  A little pricey, but with good care I will have them for a long time.
B006VYXLHI Most stylish Golf shoes ever made Talk about getting something in the mail.....only to find out it is MUCH BETTER than you had ever imagined. Pictures do not do these shoes justice. They are fantastic. Can't walk into a Pro Shop without someone having something to say about your shoes. Oh - added bonus - they are extremely comfortable and have great traction for wet days. Win win.
B006VYXUVU cute my cutie looks cute in theses they pick up dirt quickly though, true to size and she says they are comfortable
B006VYXUVU super cute! I got these for my 3 year old daughter and she loves them and gets complimented all the time.  As soon as she opened the box she put them on and ran around in them.  She has been wearing them for about a week and no complaints...they are comfortable and look great.
B006W1DT1I On the pic. look better than on reality I give this rate because its Puma my family and I love it and I would recommended but its little smaller size
B006W1DT1I Nice and affordable! My grandson Michael really loved them! He even wants to sleep with them. They look very sporty with jeans and shorts....
B006W1DT1I Velcro closure dosen't line up! My daughter saw these running shoes and had to have them for running club at school.  They fit her her nicely, though the position of the wide elastic behind the velcro closure makes them a bit awkward to put on, plus the closure flap doesn't line up!  She still wears them though...
B006W1DT1I Puma Jiyu2 Fashion sneaker, size 12. Stylish, comfortable and structured for little growing feet. Ideal for everyday wear. Judging from this being her third pair,  they should stand up to everyday roughing and abuse
B006W1DT1I cute sneakers! Arrived on time, look great.  I chose them on looks but also becuase they are relatively flat and not overly cushioned unlike lots of toddler sneakers/runners - i personal don't believe toddlers need it.  Lots of room for the toes.  Seem a bit stiff out of the box, but easily worked with my own hands and with my daughters wear.  Only challenge is getting them on - the little toe can get caught in the inner elastic.  She loves them and we got lots of compliments!
B006W1DT1I Narrow Fit with Inside Elastic We have always loved Puma for my daughter; however, this particular Puma is much more narrower than what we have come to expect.  The inside elastic is very restrictive and have a high arch causes discomfort.
B006W1DT1I should of went bigger I wish I would of knownm I would of bought a 1/2 size bigger.. but quality is great.. I had to cut the inside elastic for my granddaughter be able to get them on without help for gym class..
B006W1DWOW I would recommend this product to everyone I would recommend this product to everyone. Now my 5month old grandaughter and I match when we go out together.
B006W1DWOW love them Ordered these shoes for a fitness class I joined.  Shoes are lightweight and comfy.  Love the strap option.  Don't have to worry about laces.
B006W1DWOW Very comfortable We had to go a size & 1/2 bigger but my son loves these shoes.  They feel light and comfy while still protecting his very active feet
B006WABOZ2 Perfect. I had another one of this model and this one is the same. PERFECT. I recomend to other this sandal. The seller is good too. It arrived on time and in good conditions.
B006WBB4D8 Better than expected I have tried on many shoes that look similar to these ballerina slip ons; but none were as comfortable as these Puma shoes. I wanted them for a trip to Europe which will require lots of walking. I put them on as soon as I got them and walked around for 3-4 hrs. in them . They are very comfortable, true to size and cute.
B006WBB4D8 Best flats ever! I like how comfortable and durable they are. They are super cute with dresses or skinny jeans. I would buy again.
B006WBB4D8 fabulous love this shoe; actually have a penchant for Puma's especially the ballerina style. comfortable, stylish; goes with slacks, skirts, dresses; dress it up, dress it down. Quite versatile
B006WBB4D8 Stylish This shoe is very stylish and sporty for a flat. I bought them for being on my feet working retail. Compared to other flats I have they were not very breathable so it caused my feet to sweat. Other then the sweaty feet, they were comfortable.
B006WBB4D8 Cute but not comfortable! The title said says it... Cute but not comfortable at all. Purchase these shoes for Vegas but glad I tried them before I took them to Vegas. They were hurting my feet when I wore then at work.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and cute but terrible in rain These shoes are really cute and comfortable but after getting wet in the rain did not hold up well at all.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and cute I didn't expect these to be as cute as they were. It's hard to find quality shoes that are comfortable and cute. I wore these to work and they did me well. After a while they do start to break in too much and now they're slightly too big. But they were a good shoe.
B006WBB4D8 i love it PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design.
B006WBB4D8 Just Okay Bought these and they came quickly (thank you Amazon Prime).  They came in a brown box (not a Puma box), which I thought was strange.There was sticky glue around seam inside one of the shoes that took me some time to get out.  These are not comfy like I had hoped they would be.  Cute but I'm overall a little disappointed.
B006WBB4D8 Not my usual PUMA fit The thread that runs through the top of these caused a lot of pinching on my foot after the first half hour of wear.  I tend to use PUMA ballet flats as work shoes because my commute involves about three miles of walking each day, in 3/4 mile increments.  By the time I had finished my walk to work, I couldn't think of anything but taking these off.  I even took the spare Zandy's I had in my desk out for snow days and wore those for most of my work day. I hope that these will break in, but so far, I haven't been able to bring myself to wear them again...
B006WBUL1Y My fave I love these shoes for work. I own a couple pairs of them and they are great for being on your feet the majority of the day.
B006WBUL1Y Cute and light! I absolutely love it! It's light like a feather! Although, I don't know if it's gonna last much - Light tennis shoes always gimme this strange idea that such light thing it's not gonna last.The size fits me really well and allow use with or without socks.\
B006WBUL1Y loved iy its exactly as picture and the size is perfect very nice piece my all recomedation to order more in future
B006WBUL1Y So comfortable These are the most comfortable flats I have ever owned. I love wearing them around the office. They are very stylish - but I haven't tried cleaning them yet. The white has gotten a little dirty over time, which is expected.
B006WBWD6A Adorable, comfortable, stylish. So as soon as I got these, I put them on. Lets just say I stepped in something gross in the backyard that same day and needed to clean and wash them.I cleaned them and then threw them in the washer and dryer. Well they have held up and are still comfortable and cute. I did not have any problems with size or comfort and I wear them daily. I have had them for about a month & a 1/2 now :)
B006WCN4LC good It's what u expect from a baby shoe nothing more nothing less. I like them and baby didn't kick them off a plus:)
B006WCN6QK Fits like a glove. I bought these for my elderly husband.  He has hip and leg problems and drags his feet.  These very low heeled shoes solve that problem.
B006WDKSVA Nice Shoe These were a gift for my 12 year old daughter so I can't comment on the fit or feel. But she seems to really like them.
B006WDN6B4 Puma Femme Cross Trainer - Great choice for comfort and walking This is a great, lightweight shoe with cushy insole. It is very stylish in design also. It can be useful for safety purposes also as the panels are reflective and glow brightly in the night when light hits them. I noticed this when outside after dark wearing headlight, and walking dog.Another great deal presented by Amazon!!!
B006WDOIEI fits good but... I got a size 10 and they fit good, except for the back part by the ankle. I got blisters from it, so when I wear them with higher ankle socks. Otherwise they are light weight and I love going and working out in them besides the little ankle part.
B006WDOSUC Love them! I love these shoes so much! So comfy and so cute!
B006WDOZJG Love LOVE these shoes! I wasn't sure about these when I ordered them but when they came I was very excited! They looked even better than the photo online and they are COMFORTABLE. I walked around the house in them for hours because I forgot I had them on. They are very light and am looking forward to warmer weather so I can wear them everywhere!
B006WEGV60 S&uacute;per confortable I loved the style, need to be used with high socks, but they are very comfortable , the material is very light. In my personal opinion I like them
B006WEI3BQ lightweight when i bougth i am not very sure of the color......... but they are very confortable and lightweight. so i used  to go everyday to go to walk in the park
B006WEI3BQ Mom approved. I got these sneakers for my mom and she loves them. She said they are light and true to size. I'm glad she loves them.
B006WEI3BQ Super Light Weight, Curious About Durability I love how light weight these are, I will definitely include them in my luggage next time I travel.  I had read that they run a bit smaller than expected and ordered a 1/2 size up, and I am glad I did and at 1/2 size up they fit perfect.  The foot bed is comfortable and protective. I don't think it would stand up to running or impact sports.  They are great for chasing my son at the playground or using the cardio machines at the gym.  The light feel does make them seem a bit cheap, but with examination they seem to be well made.  I will be keeping an eye on their wear and post an update if they are not able to hold up to regular use.A feature that I find interesting is that there is elastic anchoring the tongue under the foot bed insert.  I appreciate the thought of keeping the tongue from getting wadded into the toe, but I am concerned it will prove to be a weakness and put extra stress on the mid foot, breaking down the liner.  Again, I will post updates with further use.
B006WEI3BQ Cute These sneakers are really cute. They're definitely a &#34;fashion&#34; sneaker, would not be comfortable for running, or even a lot of walking. there's not a lot of cushion at the bottom. Luckily, I have a strong aversion to exercise, so the cuteness factor of these earns them 5 stars
B006WO90Q8 Feel good when a. Using it. I've love it and I really feel good when am using it at the especially when I run at the thread mill. It so light and I feel comfortable every time I used it for sports and walking.
B006WTISAC Excelent soccer shoes It is an excelent shoe for sports. It is ideal for soccer but the childs can use for school too.
B006WTISAC Love this My son is always wearing this. Love the fact that there are no strings that comes undone every so often.
B006WTISAC My son loves them Very cute Puma sneakers. I love the brand ,love the way they are looking,light wait shoes,easy to put on and they are comfy according to my son.
B006Z3N96S Love the hat! The hat is stark white. It fits perfectly and it made a really nice gift. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B006Z66MTG Great shoes! To start, I have bought 25+ different pairs of Puma El Reys/El Aces in the past, and these seemed different enough to warrant a purchase.  The strap on these is not very elastic, and these require using your hands to put on correctly. (I'm lazy, ok).  Only reason they don't get 5 stars in my book is because the sole gets almost no traction on smooth surfaces like linoleum or poured floors, and the design of the sole acts like suction cups that make weird noises when you walk.  I'm hoping that issue will go away after a while.
B006Z66MTQ Dont Be Fooled!! I do parkour and martial arts, these shoes are great for both as they have a pretty good amount of grip and inner padding, the mesh holds up extremely well and makes the shoes breathable.
B006ZNNYPE Very good design At the beginning of using them me cost to tenderize them. Now right after 10 days they have remained better. Very good cords and are coquettish. I hope that appear a version 2.
B006ZNNYPE Pretty good My husband seemed pleased with them, though I think they looked a little &#34;cheaper&#34; or &#34;loud&#34; than he expected. The white bottom area, especially on the inside is pretty shiny. He says they fit and feel great though.
B006ZNNYPE like the runners world review says Not a lot of upper support, but lots of cushioning. I get good runs with these shoes, about 6 miles at a time. They are good shoes, but not exceptional in any area like the runners world review says.
B006ZO2ZJY Running shoes I got these as a gift for my sister. Don't know how she likes them yet but, I think they are nice . Put them on and they seemed comfortable. Seller was fast on delivery.
B006ZO2ZJY Sharp! Sharp! Sharp! And lighter than air? I am not sure how, but these shoes almost defy gravity, they are so light!Extremely comfortable and very sharp looking!Clever shoe bag included!
B006ZO2ZJY Realy good shoes for Realy good prie! Delivery fast:) Realy good product, recommanded for people who Walk a lot. Very confortable and Very lite. I lov&eacute; it :) thank you!
B006ZO35S4 Funky fresh Airy and cool.  And the Usain Bolt point is gangsta!  THE END  and here are the other required eight words
B006ZO3FMA Great Spike This shoe was exactly what I wanted.  Very comfortable for sprinting, keeps you on your forefoot and midfoot, extremely light, provides great traction.
B006ZO3U0C didn't get everything when i received this package everything seemed 2 be in order, but i did not receive an invoice for my order as well as i didn't get the nails order. I find this not up to standard cause you cannot expect persons to order something online and not give them what they expect. What does this mean now i have to spend more more money on nails for the shoes- this is madness. And i am very unpleased with the service i have received froom this site
B006ZO3U0C awesome My grandson loves them.  The colors were accurately pictured.  They are extremely comfortable when he is running track.  Would definitely buy another pair if foot continues to grow.
B006ZO3U0C You want these These shoes are nice and really help with sprinting and you look good doing it. But I have practice spikes and meet spikes so they don't rip up and stuff
B006ZO3U0C Beautiful I brought this for my nephew and he LOVED it! It is light & comfy & better looking in person and really meets his expectations. Get this
B00709BQFC Good Quality GK Pants This is a good, durable GK pants. I am 6ft, 214lbs. and this pants was a little baggy on me. I had to alter the width of the legs. The length was a little long also. I like have my GK pants just about 3 inches above my ankles, so I had to cut these pants to length.
B0070R9X2M Nice My son loves it. Fits the items he needed it for. I thought the puma emblem would be white, but I was OK with it since my son approved.
B0070R9X2M Highest quality carrysack ever Just needed a simple carrysack and pretty much got this one because I like the Puma brand.  But it exceeded expectations.  The material is heavy duty with a reinforced bottom, has red on the inside for some style, and has an outside zipper pocket along with two more on the inside.
B0070R9X2M Sturdy bag The outside is pretty water proof too, my paper bag on the inside survived a quick jog through the rain. There are 2 zipper pockets, one on the outside and one hidden inside, very useful for loose $ and cards.
B0070R9X2M Gym Smart I purchased this gym bag for the early morning, fast workout for the day.  All of the essential equipment (shoes, towel, etc.) fits nicely and the two zippered pouches help to keep everything organized and ready at hand.  The appearance is great and gives this old man a bit of dash at the fitness center.
B0070R9X2M ... loves it and it holds his football gear quite comfortably. My son loves it and it holds his football gear quite comfortably.
B0070R9X2M Great This product is very very nice. I like it. It's comfortable for sport. The size is ideal for carry any sport stuff
B0070R9X2M The material is good and it works I bring this bag whenever I go to theme parks or camping.  I am able to fit many water bottles and snacks to keep everyone happy.  Also, there are zipped pockets that are very handy to keep smaller items like keys, phones, etc. so they do not fall to the bottom or get squished.  The strings are thicker than bags I've used before, and I'm assuming it is so it is not as bothersome when carrying very heavy items.
B0070T0FP4 fresh I really enjoyed this jacket its fresh. I love puma period. Now I need some puma kicks to go with it. Also good for windy days since its a wind breaker.
B0070T0GNA Puma training pants My husband doesn't like the material and the netting inside. He wanted to send them back but it would have cost him over half the amount to return them. Very Unsatisfied.
B00712KP4G Like it alot! My son loves these shoes!...  I love how cute and comfy they seem - I just wish they had a bit more insole/cushion/arch - They'd be perfect!
B00712KP4G Love These shoes are not only so cute they are great for all beginner walkers! Looks cute with everything, huge perk!
B00712KP4G Great sneaker My 1 yr old son who just started walking...loves it!! Nice grip works very well for him on slippery surfaces.
B0071BUDRG Nice design sneakers! Love these sneakers! Very nice sporty look!If your feet are wide consider ordering 1 or 2 size bigger.Bmw fans, like myself, must have one of these!
B0071BUDRG Five Stars Excelente product
B0071BUDRG GREAT GREAT SHOES they are comfortable and look very nice they are good with aot of outfits and my dad loves them!!!
B0071BUDRG Very comfortable The shoes are very comfortable, especially for my long commute. However, I am worried about the longevity of the very thin soles.
B0071BUID0 Excellent I would recommend this product to anyone...it fits as expected and very stylish... The 5 star rating is justified ...
B0071BVJ10 these shoes are way too cool they are comfortable which is the most important for mefit well , in puma, im always a size up , which is a 10 1/2 regularly im a 9 1/2they are good in the when it rains and for the cold too . the price was great toothe only thing the shoes arent black , they are more like  a solid gray , which is till pretty nice
B0071BVJ10 Nice Shoes & Fast Delivery! Happy to find these in my size. The only concern was the posting showed the shoes as being black; however, when received, the shoes were gray (that's why rated 4 stars).
B0071BW1OY Tennis shoes My brother asked me to order this for him, so far he seems he really likes this product. 1233 323
B0071BW4FK Perfect! I wear these a lot.  I needed a shoe for the summer and fall that I could slip on quickly, no socks, but be more supportive than flip flops.  I get so many compliments on these.  They have started to squeak a bit from a spot on the bottom but I still love them.
B0071BW4FK Perfect! They take some breaking in but now, after a week of wearing them, they're amazing! Totally cute and great for work!
B0071BW9KK cute These are cute and worth the price. I like them because they work well in zumba class and most fitness classes
B0071BW9KK cute I like them for the most part. They are very cute, but they gave me a blister on my heal.
B0071BW9KK Very comfortable I purchased these to kick around in while wearing jeans.  They are really cute, comfortable and fit well.  I get lots of compliments on them!
B0071BW9KK Not too bad Got if for my gf. She gets compliments on the look, but the left side rubs oddly against her achilles tendon.
B0071BW9KK OK Fits great, but it has the tendency to tear up your pinky toes after walking in them.  Do not buy if you have a job on your feet all day.
B0071BW9KK PUMAS I have had these for over a year, still in great condition.  I love them as much now as the day I got them.
B0071BW9KK low in heel Thought the shoe was good looking but the heel bed felt lower than the foot bed hance, felt like I was falling backwards
B0071BW9KK good the product is exactly as pictured and a wonderful price for puma. I highly recommend this product if you are a puma fan
B0071BW9KK Wearing them right now! These are great for the price, and I've received lots of compliments. But, they aren't very comfy. They rub on the back of my heels (but this has gotten better with more use) and the tongue is annoying.
B0071BW9KK back tab hurts had to cut the back tabs off and have to be very careful to make sure shoe tongue in place when tying up
B0071BW9KK Cute but a little snug I liked these, but they are a bit narrow in the toe area. I bought the gray/orange and the gray/purple. The purple is dark and the gray even darker, so the distinction is not as pronounced as in the photo. They otherwise feel like they have good arch support.
B0071BW9KK Very Nice! These shoes are quite comfortable, and are also appealing to the eye. The tab on the back rubbed on one of my heels for a while, but after being broken-in are just find. Also, the colouring is lighter than shown in the picture.
B0071BW9KK loving IT!!! I'm loveing my shoes, they are so comfortable, i would say pick these however i saw the pink ones and now want them.
B0071BW9KK I loved it!! A little shinier than i expected but it fits great and looks great! Comes with a puma bag and box. def reccomend this to everyone!
B0071BW9KK heel rubs Shoe looks great, but as other reviewers said, it rubs a blister on the heels. I have tried stretching, padding, band aids, everything.  Too bad because it would be perfect otherwise.
B0071BW9KK Good Product The shoes are good fit and comfortable.  The toe and trim were a littler shinier and the pink (Rose) is brighter than the picture shows but that is not a problem for me.
B0071BW9KK Worth the Break-in Time I carefully read the other reviews before ordering, so I expected to have some breaking-in issues... and I did. They tore up my heels big time. Even when I wore band-aids and two pairs of socks, they were excruciating. But after about two weeks of wearing them every day (and dealing with the pain), they stretched out and I have no problems. I ordered them to wear to Zumba, for which they work perfectly. But, I love them so much I wear them with jeans too and get a lot of compliments on them. I have no regrets about buying them&#8230; they&#8217;re lightweight and I feel like I&#8217;m prancing :)
B0071BW9KK Love them! I absolutely LOVE theses shoe the only thing is if you have narrow heels, like I do, they may blister the back of your heels at first. I would recommend wearing them around the house to break them in before going out with them. However once they are broken in they are amazingly comfortable! I would defiantly buy theses again!
B0071BWI1U Best Pumas I've owned yet I've had speed cats and drift cats that have always been very comfortable but they seem to fall apart at the seams and on the sole but these ones are durable and so comfortable you forget you're wearing them the shoe is all one piece so there are less seams to rip out and they are shockingly light.
B0071BWI1U Puma Evospeed F1 Midtop Ordered these shoes due to a lack of a decent driving shoe, Previously had Piloti's which were fantastic, wasn't really sure if i would get anything nearly as good for what ended up being cheaper. I was proven slightly wrong, as far as fit goes they are excellent. Not a huge fan of the straps used to fasten it to your feet, they feel a little odd but really this is minor. They are extremely comfortable to wear and feel very light and well ventilated. Of course the main feature here is this: Are they a good driving shoe? Yes. Yes they are. The light weight and good ventilation make this excellent for any sort of quick movement with your feet and the rolled heel really makes it comfortable for throttling. Couldn't have really asked for a better BMW Themed product from Puma, it goes quite well with my E30 ;)
B0071BWI1U Evospeed BMW Sneakers I usually wear size 10.5 US and 11.5 was going to be a perfect fit. Since they are still new, they might stretch over time. or I will have to put on thinner stockings. Otherwise great gear, very fashionable as well as compliments my 5-5eries.
B0071BWVYY Sweet kicks These shoes came in as described and look great.  Can't wait to wear them for Valentine's Day on the Vegas Strip!
B0071BWVYY SUPER GOOD THE SNEAKERS ARE JUST AMAZING, EVERYONE LOVES THEM AND ASK ME WHERE THE HELL DID I GET THEM.  THE QUALITY IS PRETTY DECENT AND THE PRICE IS VERY HIGH I KNOW BUT WELL. WORK AND EFFORT IT.
B0071EAEFO LOVE THESE! Everyone loves these!  I get lots of compliments when I wear them!  They have silver and orange - two of my favorites
B0071EAEFO No complaints Pros:Sizing seems correct, good grip on floor, decent sweet spot.Cons:I'm not a huge fan of the tongue, but it's not a deal-breaker.I've had better indoor boots, but I've had worse ones, too. A solid shoe for the price.
B0071EBGNS Cheap plastic feel The seller shipped quickly and was fine.  The product itself leaves a lot to be desired.  The shoes are not comfortable, the tongue has a cheap, sharp plastic feel that bites into your ankle and foot at times.  I wanted a flash of color, which these have, but am disappointed otherwise.
B0071EBTCG Great shoes! Bought these cleats for ultimate frisbee, they do the job well and the break in period was minimal. Just what I needed.
B0071EBTCG Nice soccer cleats. Nice soccer cleats, fit as expected and improved control of the soccer ball. But the synthetic look a little cheap.
B0071EBTCG Good cleats They're a little snug, but my experience is that cleats are supposed to be.  There is room for my toes, which is more than I can say about my old cleats.  I expect that they'll be quite comfortable after they're broken in.The one downside is that I can't figure out what color of socks to wear with them.Also, it says that it comes with a cleat bag, and mine most definitely did not, so I'm a little disappointed there, but I do like the shoes.UPDATE 7-24: They rub on my achilles tendons and are leaving some minor blisters.  I think that'll go away once they're more broken in (and when I don't play for 2 hours straight in them the first time I wear them).
B0071F07VE Good price and performance Such a very good price for this shoes, they are very cormftable, perfect fit and sole grip even in synthetic field and rain, and even in rain you dont get your socks soaked.
B0071F07VE Awesome! I just never expected it would be as such! I was somehow pessimistic about it. But I found it extremely beautiful from all perspectives.
B0071F0IN6 Great, comfortable and light boots. These Puma shoes are styled beautifully. They also seem to run true to size. I vary between 10.5 and 11 depending on the brand and model, so I was nervous when ordering 10.5 online. But they fit me very well (maybe a problem for people with wider feet).The Pumas are also very light and comfortable. These are probably my first football boots not to cause me any blisters on first use. I've enjoyed playing with them.The only downside is that they synthetic, as I would have loved the leather version but cost was a key factor for me.
B0071F0IN6 Great, affordable shoes for league play I am a goalkeeper for a men's league team and I needed some decent outdoor shoes.  These fit the bill perfectly.  I don't feel them at all when I am wearing them.  I generally have a tough time finding cleats that fit as I wear between a size 13 and 14, but these cleats seemed to mold themselves to the shape of my feet.  My toes are well protected, but not cramped.  I can run freely and I have no pain after playing in a 90 minute match.  The surface color did scuff up a bit during the very first game, but I don't care about the appearance of the boot.  These appear durable, although I have only worn them in 5 games so far.  You can't beat the price!
B0071F0IN6 Great boots These boots have been performing very well for me. I am on average an 11 and these in 11 fit perfectly, they were a little snug at first but the loosen up with use. I love them.
B0071F0IN6 Comfortable Played with them on grass not turf, they are great soccer shoes, they feel great while kicking and passing  .
B0071F0IN6 Great cleats I ordered these cleats to play flag football. The reviews often said that the size runs small, so I order a half size larger than usual. At first, when I put them on, they felt very tight and I thought, &#34;uh oh.&#34; However, after walking around in them for just a few minutes, they seemed to conform to the shape of my foot. It was then that I checked and found that really they were a smidgen too big. However, that is not an issue, it's my fault, and I'd rather have them be a bit too big than a bit too small. Bottom line is know your correct shoe size and order accordingly; these are NOT off.On the field, I never felt them at all. It was 20 degrees and snowing, with several inches on the ground already, but my feet never complained in 3 hours. They really just become a part of you. If they didn't have cleats, I would walk around in them all day, just because they are that comfortable.They look very slick, just as in the pictures. I don't expect them to last a huge amount of time, as they are very light indeed, however for the price I think they are well worth whatever use I do get out of them. Highly recommend.
B0071F0IN6 puma men's soccer cleat Once again a uniquely design and colourful finish it fits very closely to my feet its so comfortable it feels like nothing is on your feet.
B0071F0IN6 great great shoes it's really good for free kick and long pass..and not heavy when u wear them..i loved them
B0071F0IN6 Nice soccer cleats Fitted perfectly! I like them, good quality and nice look. However, when you play more than 1 hour, you can feel the spikes when running. I hurt my foot once, when played for 1,5 hours, although it was not my first game. But they are really of a great design, and are comfortable for short games. Overall, good enough!
B0071F0K66 A little small but I just got these cleats and tried them for the first time. Overall they do the job. The fit is snug, maybe a little too snug as I've got a couple blisters from just an hour's wearing. But that is normal for first-time cleats and importantly my toes weren't pinched and I ran smoothly. They're thin on the toes, so when you get spiked you'll feel it.
B0071F0K66 awesome I bought these guys to use when I play paintball since I needed cleats and I wasn't looking for expensive one's since I knew they were going to get dirty and trashed easily but I will buy these guys again since the design is pretty cool too.
B0071F0K66 gets the job done This item was pretty good.  My only complaint would be that I did not realize how thing the shoe is.  It gives very little protection agains getting your toes stepped on.
B0071F0SJK Five Stars Great cleats.
B0071F1H9A Soccer Shoes Perfect in every way. Very comfortable. Great looking and compliments are always swormming in. I am very happy wit my purchase
B0071F1KYC Great value if not serious about the sport. I wanted cleats so I could practice with my son, I didnt want a huge investment so I purchased these. They are a great buy for the money. A little snug but worth it.
B0071F1KYC They are what they say Sizw was just what I wanted, very good looking very fast comingthe feel great whwiwle playing soccer mold to your foot easy
B0071F2DOS The puma it's ok. The shoes were comfortable. They are very cute. They allow the game to perfection and gives you amazing comfort when running on the court.I am grateful for the product because it was expected.On delivery, the same was correct and very good service.
B0071F2DOS Very Good Cleats They're light, which I love, and very durable, as I have been using them at least once a week and up to three times a week since they arrived, and they've held up very well.
B0071F2DOS EXCELLENT!! These PUMA soccer shoes are excellent and arrived very quick.I appreciate your fine services and will buy again.MT
B0071F2DOS Tight, nice quality, great ball control I have just played with these one hour, so I still have to test them for their resilience by using them more, but overall I am very happy.These soccer shoes look very well, are very tight (I bought a size 10) and build quality seems good. They still have to resist many more games, so that is still to be evaluated, but I used them a couple of days at home to get them used to my feet and then took them to the artificial grass.There I can say I am delighted. They are a bit tight, but thanks to the previous use they did not cause any issues with my feet. What I noticed is that they help ball control a whole lot, I noticed that by lobbing the ball a couple of times with precision, three or four long assists are proof.If these costed 35 bucks would be 5 stars without a doubt.
B0071F2DOS Good option Very good soccer shoes for synthetic grass ,very comfortable , the only thin is that you have to buy a half size more than what you used to use.
B0071F2DOS After return - great I'm usually a 10-10.5, but these were a tad small at 10.5, so I had to opt for the 11's.  After receiving the replacement pair, I can say that these are light, comfortable and well worth the money.
B0071F2DOS about the boot The shape is nice and the colour very beautifulAlso I mean the shape is strong when you play not damage
B0071F2DOS good the material is very comfortable indeed, l really like it so much. l can wear it to play the soccer, so happy!
B0071NUWD4 men's velcro wallet My husband could not find a new velcro wallet to replace his old, tattered one so I went on line to amazon.com & found a Puma one close to the one he has. I didn't give it 5 stars because it is a little smaller than his old one, but it does do the job - he's pleased.
B0071NXS12 Constant discounts Very good product. Size of the sector. I recommend to everyone and will buy again. The purchase price of the good.
B0071O0KI0 comfy for my little runner I got these for my daughter because she wanted to start running with me... she said they were very comfortable.
B0071O1ILS Great Pants Cute and comfy fitting pants. They work well over my gymnastics leotard and are not too warm. They are a low cut waist when rolled over. I love them.
B0071QJ2PK Big girl sneakers We wanted a pink sneaker and this certainly lives up to that description.  My daughte loves her snekers (she is 5) and now that she knows to tie, these are great.
B0071QJ2PK it hurts in the back of the ankle I don't know what to do because they are realy nice, great quality and colors are cool, but it hurts on the back of my daughter's ankle!
B0071QJ2PK Puma Benecio Glitzer Sneaker Granddaughter loved them.  Little roomy in the toe area. Use your own judgement when ordering.Otherwise perfect for the price.
B0071RGGYY Ferrari crib shoes This is a gift for my grandson. Which he is due to get here by Christmas. My son is an avid Ferrari collector. So I figured why not start his son with the same.
B0071RGGYY cute I purchased this shoe when my son was learning how to walk. It was easy to put on and stayed on and he had no problems walking in them. They are great for indoor use, but when he was at daycare and they went outside, the soles got messed up easily. But i do recommend them cause they worked great and looked very cute! I got several compliments from other parents asking where i got them.
B0071RGGYY So CUTE! My husband loves puma and I bought these shoes when I found out I was expecting.  It was the perfect way to tell him we are having a baby as they it is a gender neutral color!  I love the detail and can't wait to use it on our new baby in about a year!
B0071RGGYY puma I love those shoes but I order them twice and they were to small the second time so make sure you get them big but I don't like the fact that my son walking And to have a solf bottom
B0071RGWAM Fit as described, holds foot well - super cute! These are awesome! My whole family loves PUMA. I was a bit hesitant about the sizing because I know I need to go up for myself but these fit my daughter perfectly. The double velcro straps are super cute and hold the foot very well. She gets compliments on these everywhere she goes :) The bit of sparkle on the light purple is delicate and not overbearing. Awesome!
B0071RGWAM Adorable! These shoes were absolutely adorable! They shipped and arrived quickly, and have received so many compliments!! I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone and everyone.
B0071RGWAM Cute shoes The shoes were fairly easy to put on. Very cute athletic shoes, will have to see my child in them more to see if she finds them comfy, she's only 21 months.
B0071RGWAM Good Puma toddler shoes Love these little shoes.  I swore I would only buy used for my toddler but I saw these and caved.  They came on time and in good condition.  The straps are perfect for those toddlers that like to take their shoes off the second you put them on them because they can't take them off as they interlace.  Clever.  Good traction and comfort as well.Thanks.
B0071RGWAM Perfect! True to size and comfortable!  just as described! my god-daughter was in love with them and so was I.  Her smile made it all worth it!
B0071RGWAM My Daughter made me put them right on her!! they are so cute and look just like the picture shows. My 3yr old daughter made me take off her sandles and put these right on, she loves them.
B0071RGWAM Puma for Little Feet These sneakers are just beautiful!  What can you say about Puma? Quality, construction, beauty, wearability.  My only issue with ANY children's shoes/sneakers online, is that if you do not know the specific designer/manufacturer's size range, it will be hard for you to choose a perfect fit.  The Puma sneakers seem to run a bit smaller and more narrow in toddler size range.  The sneakers are beautiful, comfy and as usual, Amazon delivers on time or earlier than you expect and packaged beautifully.
B0071RGWAM Love the style The shoe is really great and she says comfortable and she can says she can run fast.As a parent my biggest complaint was the straps they are kind of hard for her to manage which means I'm helping more then not which defeats the purpose of me choosing Velcro.
B0071RGWAM Perfect My 6 year old daughter loves this shoe!  They have just the right amount of sparkle to suit the sporty princess!
B0071RGWAM Puma power! Very comfy and easy to put on and off. My girl loves the style and thinks she can run faster with these.
B0071RGWAM These sneakers are adorable. They run true to size, and look good with all kinds of outfits. Very girly.  Will be great for Spring and Summer here in NY.
B0071RGWAM disappointed I purchased these for my nephew not realizing because it was not advertised  that they were "sparkly"....more for a little girl.  kinda dissappointed.....
B0071RIY44 I love them Lovely and very beautiful shoes for the baby. Well made. Convenient to put on and take off. Supplied in a plastic blister pack with a zipper. Suitable for a gift. I recommend.
B0071V44LW Great looking It's a great looking, well made "wallet" although I would not call it a wallet.. it's more of a mini-purse, a little big for a wallet, bbut I like it anyways. Has enough space inside for all the cards, ids, cash, zipped pocked inside as well. Overall good stuff. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is, because it's too big for a wallet, especially that it has that stripe on the side for holding/caring on hand thingy.. Wallet woul not need it, little purse - yeah, why not.
B0071V44LW good great product and confortable I recomend it, very practical to be used with or without purse very elegant and casual
B0071V44LW Goes great with my new purse Got this along with the purse, and they go great together.  Wallet fits nicely into the purse and has room to hold everything.
B0071V44LW cute i bought this for my mom and she loves it i only wish it had more colors to choose from cause i loved it would mind one for my self
B00721FXXE Velcro does not stay As others on here have mentioned, this shoe &#34;looks&#34; very nice... however, looks is not enough! It needs to be able hold up. My son can not walk in them without the Velcro coming undone (if you can even get it to stick in the first place...). The result is that he ends up walking with too much pressure on the insides of his feet, causing his feet to go inward... So that there is no permanent damage to his feet or the way he walks, I had to purchase new shoes...
B00721FXXE Pumas These are so cute!  They look just like the ones for &#34;big kids&#34; and that is just what my niece wanted.
B00721FYAG Just as pictured...adorable! My grandson picked these out to be his school shoes for kindgergarten....can't say I was thrilled with his choice of colors, but he loves them!
B00721FYAG really a good one looks in real much better than it appears in the photo. I received it in a very good package. my son loved it.
B00721GPCW Excellent Narrower than usual shoes, very easy to clean and to match with other outfits. Will definitely stick to this one for a while.
B00721GPCW great look Sneakers look great and are very easy to put on. My toddler wants to wear them all the time!! great buy!
B00721ILF6 i bought it for my son. he likes very much. they are very confortable The shoes are beutiful, very confortable, good looking,  and fit it very well. It came in a perfectly well packaged.
B00721KB86 beautifull i bought this shoes for my son it look very nice and he love it not yet his size but still beautifull
B00727EJIS Cute Got these for my daughter for school and they are just as cute in person and you can't beat the price.  Much cheaper than dept stores.
B00727EVWM cute I purchased these for my daughter a few months back, she has just now been able to wear them.  They go great with Jeans or with shorts and look so cute on her.
B00727EVWM Fast Shipping I was very satisfied with this order. However my son had skater shoes which seem to run a little larger, so the shoes were a little smaller than expected.
B00727EVWM son Loves it. Best thing about the shoe is that the straps are solid . but I guess will wait for about a month for full assessment .On initial use , definitely sound like a 4 .
B00729PH1Y Great pack From its style to its seams, this backpack is fresh to death. Feels pretty well made, just be aware of its dimensions. This backpack will really only fit the younger crowd, you probably won't be able to make it work if you're looking for a college/high school backpack.
B0073FRPX0 Don't think Puma always right I rated after I use it for four months. I used to buy things after reviews but this faas 900 was new on market that time. I bought just for lifestyle and fashion so no hard work have been done. In the very first two days, cracks start to appear on the sole. Two months after, the sole starts losing color. I don't know how long it will take to surrender its &#34;sleek look&#34;. From now on, I will think twice before buying Puma products.
B0073FRPX0 Soft ride... I knew that the toe box would be narrow/tight so I added half a size to make them comfortable.  Because I'm rehabbing from bursitis I needed ultracushioning and the faas 900 are ideal for me.  I give these five stars for sole comfort and three stars for stability, so four is an average.  Recommended...
B0073FSNFO not the same shoe as the same model that has Bio Ride on sole. Quality is sub par to same model shoe that has Bio Ride on sole. This on has Foos on sole.
B0073G9NNO awesome.price Awesome price, awesome product. When the time comes, I intend on purchasing replacement(s) item when needed. Asnlong as pricing is consistent.
B0073G9Z4Q Puna Package was deliver very fast,very happy about that. As for the sneakers I got I can't  give a review I just only wore them once , they seem to be ok
B0073GAUC2 Beautiful This product is beautiful. Very comfortable and relaxing. The colors are nice, bright, and are perfect for the summer. Great!
B0073GAUC2 Much lighter than others in the Complete series. I like the light weight of this shoe and because of that there isn't as much cushion in the sole as I'm used to with others in the Complete series, and thus why I rated it with 4 stars instead of 5.
B0073IO2VK Not good for serious runners. I bought them for the price. They are generally attractive, but don't support my 3 mile run 5 times a week. I use them for no impact work at the gym now and they are fine for that.
B0073IO2VK Perfect for exercise classes Skeptical of the low price.  But after reading other reviews, decided to try them.  Turns out they are as everyone else stated.  Ordered my size, and they were a perfect fit.  Very comfortable right out of the box.  Wear them frequently to both Zumba and kick boxing.  Great shoes!
B0073IO2VK Great runners These shoes are comfortable, light and effective in controlling pronation, as well as being stylish kicks in their own right. Would highly recommend them to anyone!
B0073IO2VK Comfortable shoe! When I tried these Puma shoes on, I was shocked at how comfortable they were. I felt like with each step I took, I was walking in soft sand. Very comfortable footwear and I recommend them. The price was right, too and I paid under $50 for them on Amazon.
B0073IO2VK Great deal - good for all types of running I bought these shoes after reading a recommendation on runner's world. I am training for a half marathon so they get quite a bit of use on the road, but they are also comfortable on the cross country trails around my school. I am a size 7-7.5 with medium to wide feet and the 7 fits perfectly.
B0073IO2VK faas 350 Have only worn once, but liked the feel.  They wrap around my foot like a glove with plenty of room for foot strikes in the toes.  Have yet to experience the slipping others have mentionned when the shoe surface gets slippery.  Looking forward to running many more miles in these shoes.
B0073IO2VK My favorite work-out shoes ever!! I have slightly wide, medium to high arched feet. These shoes feel amazing. However, I am not a runner. I wear for walking and Zuma.However, when I did run after the ice cream truck, they got the job done!
B0073IR6PE These Pumas Rock! These Pumas are better than any  Nike's. I have  bought  great  for riding  mountain bikes crosstraining . etc  these  Pumas are  outstand ing  ,
B0073IR6PE It is everything everyone has said before It is everything everyone has said before. Light, comfortable, stylish. I do not regret buying this product. That is for sure
B0073IR6PE Loved wearing them, but in my opinion the design is flawed, EXTREMELY hard to put on, but amazing to wear. I loved how they feel, and are super light as well as stylish, but I returned them because quite simply they will frustrate you to no end the moment you are attempting to put them on. You will plan your day according to that frustration. You will put them on and go out of your house all day. Come back and once you take the shoes off, you will not leave the house again wearing those shoes. But if you do plan your schedule 10 minutes ahead just knowing you will be screaming at the shoes and squishing your finger trying to guide your shoe on. Either that or my feet are super fat I don't know.
B0073IR6PE Comfy & light Just what I was looking for! They fit well, are perfect for an evening jog, or for a run on the treadmill....and affordable too!
B0073IR6PE I love this shoe Sleek enough that it looks good on a woman and is not clunky. More comfortable than most sneakers/fashion shoes and goes with anything casual although I wouldn't buy it in other colors (I have Black/white). I'd buy it again but Puma seems to have stopped making this model.
B0073IR6PE Boom for your buck! Bought on sale! My husband is very pleased he paid less than $40 for these. They are esthetically pleasing &  comfortable. The yellow trim gives it that perfect suddle pop of color.  Couldn't be happier.
B0073IRJOW Not great near water. Looks great, feels great, I use them during the winter here and they get pretty soaked easily.  I'm looking into using beeswax to waterproof them.  Other than that, I've gotten many compliments on their looks.  Great shoes.
B0073IRJOW Notmally I use 10. In this shoes I took ... Notmally I use 10. In this shoes I took 10.5 and it stil too small for me. I am very disapointed.
B0073ITVP2 Very comfortable Very good shoes for running or walking long hours. Super light weight but still comfortable to wear 10-12 hours straight. I would suggest these shoes are for D or narrow width. true fit
B0073ITVP2 perfect shoes I order this shoes to walk, and to go to the gym, they're confortable shoes, the zise is perfect. i have nothing bad to say about those
B0073ITVP2 Love My Bolt Sneakers Love Love love....I'm a female and I love these male sneakers...fits great..very cute and extremely comfortable..Highly recommend these sneakers..for females order 2 sizes down in male sneakers
B0073ITVP2 Comfortable. These shoes are very comfortable and flexible.They're very good run for its great flexibility. They also allow a shift very smoothly.
B0073ITVP2 Bought it as gift As far as I know, the person who received the gift loved it and will wear it as part of their Summer work casual.
B0073ITVP2 Good but dirty easily Not the most durable pair of sneaks I've had, especially in terms of aesthetics. But overall they are very comfortable and solid for running. They look pretty cool as well.
B0073ITVP2 Light weight Bought these shoes for outdoor sport, cause I needed something light and comfortable. I will definitely recommend these shoes to others.
B0073ITVP2 comfortable So far i used this tennis shoes for a month they feel so lite and comfortable and they durable they still look like new
B0073ITVP2 HI QUALITY PUMAS LOTS OF REFLECTIVE MATERIAL, GREAT OVERALL LOOK WITH OLYMPIAN GOLD  USAIN BOLT FLAVOR,COMFORTABLE,CUSHY BUT STILLFIRM ENOUGH FOR LONG RUNS. YET, AFTER 20 PAIRS OF GREAT FIT  PUMAS @8.5  THESE ARE LITTLE LOOSE. SURE WOULD BE NICE IF THERE  WAS UNIVERSALLY CORRECT SIZING FOR ALL ATHLETIC GEAR ! OF COURSE THAT MAKES SO MUCH SENSE IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN.
B0073IUO62 Blisters The shoes give me blisters on my ankles that bleed all over my socks. I tried to wear thicker socks & they still make my ankles bleed
B0073IV9FM Totally love these These shoes are stylish. I changed the laces to green, you could too if you fancy. I am going to try gold/yellow next.
B0073IV9FM amazing fast This is so amazing my son loves it I wish there where more left cause it looks so amazing you guys r really am to please
B0073IVJFM PUMA H-Street i have 3 pairs of this brand but they are old and need replacingthey are the Best shoes i have ever had as they are very comfortableunfortunately PUMA do not make these any more (and that is a shame) but some stores around the country may have some inventory.
B0073J7FK4 great gymbag stylish and unique. Wife is very happy. Also affordable so i am very happy! Big enough for soccer gear or just going to the gym
B0073J7VFS Gift for nephew I picked this up as a gift for my nephew, who has a larger laptop without a carrying case for it.  Given the 17&#34; capacity and the fact that he can also use it as a travel bag for sleep-overs, it will get plenty of use and from initial appearances, it should be able to handle it well.
B0073J7VFS More bang for your bucks Looking for PUMA backpacks, I stumbled upon this one and I liked the design and the amount of space it has for my textbooks
B0073J7VFS Comfortable backback, multiple uses I'll start by saying that this is a solid backpack.  It is sewn together well, and I have not had any trouble with loose strings, or anything falling apart.  This backpack can be used for skaters who need a place to put their board, general use, or even a laptop backpack.Personally, I use this backpack for work so I constantly carry a laptop.  There is a good amount of padding in the laptop slot, although there is not a strap over the laptop slot, which shouldn't matter unless you plan on hanging upside down.  It securely holds your laptop in place.Pros:Place to keep board (for skaters)Solid stitching, not likely to tearSlot to keep Ipod/etc.Laptop slot with good paddingMultiple zip up pocketsZippers have extended rubber gribs to make it easier to grab and zipCons:Side pockets only have 1 zipper, so you cannot put a water bottle in or it will fall out.No padding on the strapsAll in all, it is a great backpack and well worth the money!
B0073J7VFS Love it really comfortable! At the beginning I had my doubts about this model but once I used it , they disappeared, it is really comfortable, It doesn't feel like you are carrying a big laptop and other stuff inside (seems really light).
B0073J7VFS Great Ridiculously sturdy.  When I fly, I only take one bag, and this backpack has yet to show any signs of stress&#8212;and trust me, it has seen plenty of reason to.
B0073J7VFS Lasted the whole year! This backpack is strong enough to have carried some very large and heavy nursing text books without anything breaking or digging into the carriers shoulders. If you want something that will last the year this is a great backpack.
B0073J7VFS Great backpack at a value price Pretty and sturdy backpack at a value price that I bought for work on short term projects in Washington DC to stow my stuff and it works great with several zippered compartments.
B0073J7VFS Good backpack Just received this backpack great value for the money I paid 20$. Overall nice mix of style and durability. Haven't worn it much yet but seems comfortable.
B0073J7VLC Cool laptop bag Purchased this for my 8 year old son not knowing it had a laptop compartment. So far it's holding up really well he loves it because it's different than the other kids backpacks. The brown hides the dirt really well.
B0073J7VLC Only three compartments I bought this pack and it is okay- nothing too great about it although the color is quite nice. I used to have a hurley skate pack which is about 2&#34; larger and had way more compartments but this one carries my books (college) and a water bottle just fine. I got this one on sale for $25.00, I would never had bought it for the full $60.00.
B0073J7VLC Backpack for the packer This was a great bag ( was stolen a few weeks after I got it) I loved the massive space inside. It had smart zippers, little loops to allow zipping and unzipping easy and quick. I did get it for a steal on Amazon but know the price is obscene or not available anymore. I do want another one.
B0073J7VLC Good buy I had a brown puma bag for about seven year previously to buying this one. So far, the new one has been excellent. It looks great, has a lot of space, and is comfortable to wear. Very stylish and functional.
B0073J7VLC I love my new backpack. Why?-It looks great, better then in real life (it's a bit boyish, and I'm a female, but I still love it); my boyfriend was jealous, I might have to buy him one when his backpack gets old.-Very sturdy material-Roomy. I fit my 19&#34; laptop + other school materials in here, no problem. No bulky look either-Comfy; granted my shoulders still hurt from carrying heavy weight, but it doesn't hurt as bad as the other backpacks I've hadI adore this backpack and would buy more, if they had it in different color.
B0073J7VLC Not fashion this is a nice backpack,and it can also hold the laptop there,but it is not fashion. So it depend on you.
B0073J87QU Very stylish! My son loved the colors and the mesh on this back pack.  It is very stylish for my son in high school.
B0073J87QU Nice product It is a average backpack very light And well made I got the blue one, the shipment went without problems
B0073J8SG4 It arrived before estimated shipping it is a massive and great product it fits and  it is cosy.i get it in a perfect condition before estimated arrival.I am satisfied with this shoe.
B0073J8SG4 good product great
B0073JM59K Great shoes. I'm only saying that they're somewhat small is because I have wide feet, thanks to my Doc Martens. They'll stretch out after about  a month. Goes well with EVERYTHING. Yes, even suits... but try to go simple on the suit.
B0073JMIMO Bigger than it looks bought this and it was big but, I'm able to take it on my frequent travel trips and put my laptop, and I Pad and Purse in it :) and thats my carry on.
B0073JOH7I LOVE it It is everything I wanted this product to be through its pictures.  Can't wait to explore Europe with it :)Thank u
B0073JOKRA Nice! Bought this for my S/O for Christmas-she absolutely loved it. Scored major points wiht her, and her gal pals. Treat the leather with a protectant to make sure rain doesn't spot it or wears it down. Seller was prmpt and courteous. Bag arrived well wrapped and protected.
B0073JOVS8 excellent product! I bought this product for my mom, she loves it. Easy to carry, the strap is adjustable and have enough space for keeping her stuffs. Fully recommended.
B0073JOVS8 super amplio me fascina es super amplio y comodo, siempre lo utilizo, es amoldable, tienes varios compartimientos... i like so much !
B0073JP1H8 In love love this bag got it in black but I really wanted the purple one. I honestly love the black one even though I settled for it. It goes with everything and is perfect for my small laptop (macbook 13') and it fits my books and notebooks. I recommend it to everyone and everyone loves it.
B0073XDY6Y Good value I bought this for my mom and girlfriend some months ago and by all accounts they have no complaints. They often comment on how comfortable it is. So I guess 5 stars for comfort, style and well durability since they shoes are still going strong after frequent use after a few months.
B0073XDY6Y Super Cute & Comfy How did I find these adorable shoes?  My husband has the men's version of these shoes for everyday and he kept telling me how comfortable and supportive they were.  I saw these in the Blue Turkish Dots and decided to give them a shot!ProsVery cute and trendyTrue to size and widthBrillant Blue colorThe polka dots are a good sizeComfortable for a long wearDon't slide or slip offConsA bit pricey for a pair of slipper sandalsPuma is known to run narrow, these didn't seem to be that wayOverall, definitely a fabulous buy!  Love these and can't take them off!
B0073XIITC Good workout sneakers Good fit, and comfortable for the gym. Very happy with my purchase for the price. I wouldn't have paid over $40 for them though.
B0073XIITC Loved them! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and soft for being on my feet all day long. The only thing I would say is I thought the color was a little more coral and it came a litte reddish orange to me, but other then that I have no complaints.
B0073XIITC Will get them over and over I will be buying these shoes in bulk. I work on my feet sometimes 12 hours a day PLUS have 5 kids and a house to take care of. These shoes are so comfortable and easy to wear all day. I have bad feet and bunions and these shoes made them feel much better! Easy to clean and no mesh for my toes to break through! Love em!
B0073XIITC As I read from previous reviews, order a 1/2 size bigger than normal These shoes fit great and I am glad I read from other people this tip.  These shoes are comfortable for walking, I don't run unless I am being chased!
B0073XIITC So Many Choices I was interested in replacing my old light blue Pumas. I decided I wanted white. Then started seeing all the neon sneakers out on the streets, so began to think I was being too conservative. As u can see, I ended up going conservative with a splash of red. I love these sneakers, they fit great and look terrific. They're not bulky and heavy looking!. The feel light and flexible, and don't make my feet look twice their size. These Pumas were the right choice for me.
B0073XIITC Readily accepted Fits well.  comfortable.  Little more white than I wanted but price right.  Would also like to see a wide width version as well.
B0073XIITC I love them and plan to buy more! It's hard to shop on line and wonder if it fits.  I deffinately fits for size stated. I am very satisfied!
B0073XIITC CJ's opinion... These Puma's are lightweight and very comfortable. I believe anyone that wants a comfortable and lightweight shoe will be very pleased..............
B0073XIITC Ordered as a gift for mom These were some pretty nice shoes and my mom loves them alot. I would order these again for her if she wanted
B0073XIITC Cool and Comfy Get lots of compliments on these shoes, they're good looking, and comfortable.
B0073XIITC Comfortable and cute! I never order shoes on line.  The reviews said to order a 1/2 size up, which I did, and I was glad.  Good looking shoe and comfortable .  I kick box and do yoga.  Looks great with Yoga pants and works well in Kick Boxing!
B0073XIITC Not very happy I was a little disappointed when I got them,  I was so excited just to see them,  they were not what I expected,  there are marks on them,  and the logo on the side is fading,  and they are a foam like material,  impossible to clean,  wouldn't have purchased if I knew all this
B0073XIITC Fantastic I needed new comfortable shoes to wear around as my pregnancy goes on......hopefully these will help with any swelling that may occur.
B0073XIITC great shoes and comfortable pleased with these. thank you
B0073XIITC Light and Looks Great These shoes are breathable and light weight. They look great with black yoga pants. I have worked out in them at the gym for 3 months and no problems.
B0073XIITC Happy!! I was worried about buying shoes online but I love them!!! They are comfortable and seem to be well made!
B0073XIITC Puma These are great looking shoes, the price was great and they are very comfortable to boot! A definite good buy.
B0073XIITC My wife loves them They look pretty flimsy to me, but A. I'm not a little woman. B. My wife is a pumaholic. C. She loves them and the sizes are correct.
B0073XIITC Super cute and comfortable These are super cute and very comfortable. I like sneakers that are nice looking, a little different, and not going to be mistaken as guy sneakers...this is good for all those. I wear them to the gym and get lots of compliments.
B0073XIITC Support I think they are adorable, that being said I don't think there is enough cushion in them for me. I am an X-tech and on my feet all day long with lots of walking after wearing this for a day or two I had shin splints. I am not sure if it's because I am a heel walker or what. I tried walking on the balls of my feets and it seemed to help. I wore them to zumba and they were ok.  I put arch supports in them today and trying them to see if this helps.  I am just not for sure that they were the ones for me.KarolynKansas City Mo
B0073XIITC Love them Very nice profile and colors.  They look great with casual pants or jeans.  They are a little stiff, but stretch with wear
B0073XIITC Order larger than normal I had to return my order because the shoes, while nice in color, run small to size. So if you're a 8 or a 9 order an 8.5 or a 9.5, maybe even a 10. They're really really close fitting. I understand they're cross-training shoes but when you can't get your foot in w/nylons on what's going to happen when you put sport socks on that are bulkier?Loved the purple and black. Could've done without the silver. Keep it simple Puma.
B0073XIITC So sad I loved this shoe and it seemed like it fit when walking around my house, but realized it didn't when I wore it for a half day.  I had the worst toe pain and swore to never wear them again!  I guess I needed a full size bigger?
B0073XIITC It awesome They are perfect we love them have been puma fans for a long time they have great stuff I hope they keep it up
B0073XIITC Great Cushion It's a nice shoe. It fits a little snug at first, but breaks in well. The cushion in it is amazing. I can't wait to start running in these.
B0073XIITC Excellent Love these puma sneakers just started up again at the gym and so far so good very comfortable  no blisters  very cushiony  would definately purchase again. Very true to size
B0073XIITC It is not for long distance race I run 3-4 hours in a mountain area. It hurt my foot. I am a marathon runner which means I need special kind of shoes. It is ok for walking. It is pretty nice.
B0073XIITC Cute, like them, but small I'm definitely an 8, but these don't fit perfect. I want very much to like them, but after wearing them to work all day (thankfully I sit for 90%) of it, my toes feel like they're ready for flip flops. They are most likely just a little narrower than I'm used to at the toe.
B0073XIITC Surprisingly comfortable and supportive I was very impressed with these shoes and for the price a great find.  I did go a half size larger because of the reviews I read and I also wear orthotics.  I would buy these shoes again for sure!!!!
B0073XIITC Love it!!! Squeezed my toes only on the first day. Adjusted quickly though. Looks really well with wide leg jeans. I wear it for the snow mostly.
B0073XIITC very beautiful the shoes The package was correct and just shipped, safe and perfect, the package arrived in good condition and in perfect condition. Filled my expectations, the very beautiful shoes, comfortable and soft.
B0073XIITC Didn't fit me well Love the look and color of these, but they just didn't fit right.  Rubbed kind of funny on the outside of my foot.  Had never tried Pumas before, and was expecting good things, but it didn't work out.  Only docking one star, because it might just be the shape of my foot (though I haven't had this problem before) and they were comfortable otherwise.  And it was free to return them
B0073XIITC Five Stars Nice price
B0073XIITC i love them!! fit well love the style and look! goes very well with gym outfit and feels good comfortable when working out at the gym!
B0073XIITC me and my new puma's Love them very comfortable and love the colors and vsfy comfortable to take a walk in the park couldn't find a better deal
B0073XIITC Love Deals of the Day! I got these on the deal of the day and couldn't be happier!  They fit great, they are comfortable, so no complains here.
B0073XIITC Perfect gym shoes Fit was perfect for my size six foot, I was able to put them on and go right to the gym.
B0073XIITC Love I'm a RN and bought these for work... They are sleek and match my scrubs. Comfortable and worth the price. Would purchase again!
B0073XIITC Great shoe! Loved the look and they are extremely comfortable, almost like pillows on my feet!!  I bought them because I am an avid runner, however I broke them in by going on a walking tour in Jordan (lots of uneven ground) - and they were great!  Great buy!!
B0073XIM5W not what was pictured... I wanted these exact shoes... I got grey and teal canvas shoes... I am so mad right now I cant stand it! will be returning tomorrow! EPIC FAIL AMAZON!!!!!
B00754HMH8 Puma Men's Cell Oliz Running Shoe,Black/Steel Grey/Golden Poppy,7 D US Hello, thanks very much for this productthe model shoes is very nicethe Price is good for me thanks
B00754JOJ2 sleek, stylish and comfy Nicest looking casual shoe I've owned. Exceptionally light weight and surprisingly comfortable despite the thin sole. If you have not owned Puma I would encourage you to get a size larger as they run small or even try one on at a store before ordering.
B0076B8MFG Great for indoor turf. Great style and very comfortable shoe.  Great traction for indoor turf type surfaces. At $49 the price was very reasonable.
B0076D2OVW great This is a very good sunglasses. I lovedvit on site and also my friends.very good puma. My friends also like it.
B0076D2PWA Good looking glasses Comes with a really nice puma case and cloth and the glasses are nice. Feel sturdy, but are comfortable. They are a little bigger than I anticipated, but that's a small complaint. For the quality and price, you really can't beat them. I have other more expensive brands of glasses and these puma ones are on par with them. Happy with the purchase.
B00772NHWW These cheats are great fits perfectly u can notice a difference when it ... These cheats are great fits perfectly u can notice a difference when it gets what since the outside is made of plastic
B00772NHWW The lightest and most comfortable cleat I've ever worn I googled the lightest cleats on the market and these evospeeds came up in the top 3 so I started shopping for them. I wanted all whites and was happy to fin d these for $80. When I received them they were a little big (I usually wear an 11.5 but I had to order an 11). They fit great and are superlight. No breaking in necessary so they are game ready. I still think Puma cleats are highly underrated. Don't always bite on the Predator and Mercurial hoop-la. Buy some Puma cleats.
B00772NHWW Great fit My son is using these to kick for high school football and he loves them!  Says he has a great touch with them...  thanks!
B00772O5E6 Awesome Soocer cleats!!! These are very attractive and well made.  They also run true to size.  My daughter loves them and all the girls on her soccer team have asked her where she got them.
B00772O5E6 Cute shoes! When I wore these shoes to my soccer game, I got compliments every single time... Love the colors, too! Awesome!
B00772O5E6 Lite.......... A very lite, comfortable, kool, cute, sweet and pretty shoes. Fantastic when starting play soccer. Most beautiful than expected for my daughter.
B00772O5E6 Good cleats This is my first pair of cleats and they worked out well. They were comfortable enough for me to play ultimate frisbee for an hour and I did not get any blisters (famous last words).
B0077BWNFA comfortable well advertised, comfortable and as in picture, no problems nor complaints, look sturdy and easy to clean, well vented all around
B0077BXRKK a1++ a super bargain ; it makes me feel like a young man once more ; this type is a pip
B0077BXRKK Great shoes Ive been eyeing the disc blazes for a while but couldnt decide on a colorway. This is easily one of the best ones and had to add it to my collection.
B0077BXRKK One word... comfy This shoe is soft and light, and i will be buying other colors. No down side I can comment on at this point.
B0077BZLB8 I love Puma Sky Always loved the brand wish they could bring back so colors from years ago especially the all red and white .
B0077C0KYA Candy for the Feet Puma is one of the only major brands I support. If they only made BJJ gear. Call me CEO of Puma, I will take you to the promise land, or something like that. Super shoes.MOPOP
B0077C0KYA Trying to ruin them Got these because they were close out.  Pinkish shoe only was in my size.  So I took them on a forty mile hike, off and on trail.  They still look new, they even hold the water out surprisingly well.  I will continue to kick rocks while I hunt for quartz crystals.  Hope to wear them out, but it looks like it may take a couple of years.
B0077C0KYA Great! I would love these sneakers at regular price however for $26 and change is a dream!!! I primarily wear them casually with jeans or shorts but they are comfortable and light enough to run in if you wanted to!
B0077C1BN4 BBOY SHOES! I bought the blaze red/grey&black.; The shoe fit perfect and it came with 2 laces (fat&skinny;). Good qaulity suede, I did notice a few loose stitches but I easily cut them off. Packaged and ship by amazon directly. Came very well protectect and new. Super comfortable and light shoes. Perfect for casual walking, looks, and of course, BBOYING! Haha. Will look foward to order again!Note: I would recommend buying shoe water/stain resistant spray protection, because suede shoes are pretty hard to clean and you want them to look good and last as long as possible. PEACE!-Bboy kob
B0077C1BN4 Came quickly and correctly My order came quickly and was the correct size and no problems at all.  Awesome.  And they were cheaper than Puma and had these shoes when Puma no longer did.
B0077C1BN4 Old School Cool updated White on blue was the standard in the 70's. Two years ago mulberry on purple floated my boat. Black/Quiet Shade/Blazing Yellow, more discreet. Oh...comfortable.
B0077C1BN4 Look good and they feel good I have become a big fan of puma. They fit well, last along time and most important look good. Everyone has a few shoe companies that work for them and puma is one that's at the top of my list.
B0077CKYK0 Bad I always buy puma's from stores when they have a sale..and usually during sale you get a good dealThought I would get beer deals on net as it cuts store expense ..it was the reverse.The prices listed..never show up when you select the size..Make sure you got to stores than on their site
B0077CKYK0 Comfy Comfy, great street shoes.  Definitely like the look and feel.  Have gotten a few compliments already as well (which is always nice :)Also, for folks with bigger feet - I am a 14, and they don't look clunky or massive, which is often a problem I find.  They fit well for day-to-day use.
B0077CKYK0 LOVE THEM Just got these in the mail for my hubby (his Xmas present). They were sold out on Nordstroms website, and I was so happy to find them on here. The picture doesn't do these shoes justice, look them up on another site!
B0077CLH3I Very comfortable and sleek Being leather uppers, they tend to feel very tight when you first wear them. I actually developed blisters because they didn't stretch as fast as I am used to, but I chalk that up to me not breaking them in first. Afterwards, they are incredibly comfortable and they hold up quite well. They are easy to take care of and clean, and the stiching is solid all around. And you definitely can't beat the price!
B0077CLM2E Good shoes All and all, its a shoe. Not quite as dark brown as it looks in the picture, but not a problem to me. Its more milk-chocolate/light brown. Fits well for the size I got, right on.
B0077CLOK4 Good sneaker Very light, stylish sneaker.  Feels a little on the thin side but have been wearing them for a few months now and still look and feel great
B0077CM29Q I actually love it Price was right. Fits as expected. Arrived ahead of time. Very comfortable. No complaint so far. I cant speak to the durability but just hoping that it will last a long time.
B0077CZI6K Birthday gift for my father and loves it! He was so excited for these and loved it with a passion. Will get the red and black ones soon for him as well as a x-mas gift.
B0077CZI6K Comfortable Solid construction and comfortable shoe. Quickly slip them on and your off in style. The price is also much lower than at any of the chain or specialty stores.
B0077CZI6K I LOVEEEEEEEEE it is very cute is excellent, the materials are top quality, everyone say when they see how cute are waoo
B0077PJDSG Nice This sneaker is very nice.. Its even nicer in person, its neat and the colors are well coordinated, i would recommend.
B0078NLMS6 Puma Suede CVO Cycle Sneaker The shoe has a nice design and is comfortable to walk in. I already got compliments from the ladies. When I took them out of the box I had to clean the white puma stripe along the side cause it was dirty. Spray them with a suede protector before wearing them. I definitely suggest getting half size above the normal size cause these run a little small.
B0078SEE2M Great sunglasses The glasses fit me perfectly, i have a slim face and they fit exactly as I wanted the lenses themselves aren't too big just the perfect size. The color is great not too dark with just a hint of green and the carrying case is really nice...it is puma after all. The glasses are unisex so if you're a guy with a big face i wouldn't recommend it....i have a pretty slim face so it fits me well.
B00795KALS Inaccurate descriptions I purchased these socks because the description said they were 80% cotton.  They arrived quickly and were the correct socks I ordered....but they were only 28 or 29% cotton.  I contacted the seller immediately and he was very pleasant, apologized and I was refunded quickly and completely (for merchandise and return postage).  I notice now the cotton content has been changed in the description for the product and for that...I thank you.  I rated a three because the customer service was absolutely excellent - even though the product was not what it was said to be.
B0079ODROG Nice and smooth ... great for work out great for work outs, in the gym, biking or running.Feels nice, the size as advertised.I recommend this socks for any kind of workout
B0079XE3UY Good deal I got a good deal on this outfit but I wouldn't recommend it since it has glitter all over the outfit and I'm sure it won't last long until it all washes off.
B0079XE7NM Baby outfit The package came on time that they said.  Also, the outfit was really cute. Looked just like the picture. LOVED IT!!
B007A7TFF2 perfect light summer cap I've been going through chemo, and hate the ridiculous looking wraps and &#34;hats&#34; for that issue. I prefer looking my age, not like a crypt keeper thank you very much.  This cap is cute, light for warm weather, and I will still wear it when my hair grows back!
B007A7TX0O Nice I love monoline! I returned this because I did not notice this was a youth monoline flat brim cap. But this product its great
B007A7TX0O Present for 10 yr old son Like many young kids, my son's favorite golfer is Ricky Fowler.  I bought this hat for his birthday and LOVES IT!  exactly as pictured and a perfect fit!
B007A7TX0O Perfect for young child Perfect size for my 5 year old nephew. He is a big fan of Rickie Fowler.The path to success is paved with pavement.
B007CTSALS could have held up better Cute dress, but I don't like how beat up it looked after only a couple washes. Could have been a little longer as well to accommodate for shrinkage.
B007CTSE4Q Super Cute Awesome quality, true to size and looks great. Im giving this as a Christmas gift and can't wait for my niece to open it.
B007CTSE4Q Love iy We love this looks so cute on my little girl, we bought the black and pink one too and matching pants!
B007CTSGNK LOVE IT I LOVE IT! IT IS THE PERFECT SHIRT FOR THE PERFECT LITTLE GIRL! VERY CUTE! I FELL IN LOVE AS SOON AS I SEEN IT AND MORE SO WHEN I SEEN IT IN FRONT OF ME! :) THANK YOU AMAZON!
B007CTSHLG Great Gift I originally wanted to purchase this shirt from a major department store to match a track suit from the same brand. When they sold out I was very disapointed but turned to trusty AMAZON they always have everything you desire and I even found it at a much better price. My neighbors daughter was very pleased with this gift and looks cute as a button in her new outfit!
B007D1YPVO Great shades These look great and are very comfortable.  Nice and lightweight; great to be worn during all seasons. The ladies will LOVE you in these sunglasses.  For real.
B007D2BN9K Nice Glasses I am a fan of puma apperal, these sunglasses were really cool for casual look or playing sports. When I put these on when i am behind the plate, it does not really interfer with fly balls when the mask comes off. The only this about these glasses is the material. Feels kinda cheap and doesn't really protect the sun from your eyes that well.
B007D2BN9K great its a great product for a super nice price, I would recommend it to everyone that likes good stuff, yeah
B007D2BN9K INCREDIBLE lightweight and great design on these sunglasses. great for a day on the golf course or out on the beach.
B007D42MP2 Great looking glasses Excellent product.  The only reason for the 4 stars instead of five is that the color is more of a goldish in person.  Looks more yellow in the pic, still great looking pair of sunglasses though.  I wear them all the time, I work on top of rail cars and they work wonders for me.  Would even like to get the other colors!
B007EVJLEO Puma shorts Shorts do not include inner lining.  That was not considered in the description of the puma shorts and it is important, at least for me.
B007FDVIDI Fit well, stay up I read another review which said they last a very long time. I hope that will be true!They fit very well, and the elastic varies across the foot of the sock. They're a little bit hard to pull on, but they seem to fit really well.I got tired of the WallMart socks wearing out so fast, so I thought I'd give these a try. So far, I'm happy!
B007FDVIDI These wear nicely I had bought some Hanes and they wore out quickly, it might be the way I use them but I needed something that would last longer. I have yet to wear a hole in any of these Puma socks.
B007FDVIDI great socks and comfortable I wear this socks daily. They are very very comfortable. I used other brands before, but these are my favorite brand. They are great for exercise or working out in as well as daily wear. I highly recommend them.
B007FDVIDI airflow socks are very important in everyday life! these ones are nice and light, they also provide excellent Airflow so your feet dont overheat! i bought 3 packs so far and might get one more because there just so great!
B007FOSIJE Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 Ferrari Logo Tee, Black, Medium right size, right color and excellent quality. Excelent shipping time, I loved it , Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 Ferrari Logo Tee, Black, Medium
B007H91YUW Good product with good cost My wife bought one to use it in her tennis clases (after received never used for tennis classes) he prefer to use it when uses jeans or sport clothes.  very nice puma watch.
B007H91YW0 Its modern. I love it. Bcoz its make me comfort and cool.There's blue colour, feels like on the sky.Cool.Awesome.
B007IJ7N88 Excellent Five stars for fit and comfort. The material feels great. I've already ordered more. I dont give 5 stars often. These briefs are great!
B007IJQ6P4 Stylish sneaker Great hi-top sneaker. Stylish and comfortable . I bought a second one to have for the future!This one is a winner!
B007IVNI26 Puma women shoes Soft, very light, good finished, good combination of colors, little straits in the instep of the foot. My mother recomments them for every day use.
B007IW7LLE Great walkers!! These Pumas are exactly as described, fit well and comfortable on first walk!Always prefer leather for comfort - very light weight as well.Amazon purchases continue to amaze with satisfaction of purchase, expedientshipping and quality products.I always read the reviews prior to purchase.
B007IW8NJS Looks Great, fits great, don't wear outside. Fits great! Looks great.. Gets dirty VERY quickly. Hard to clean.
B007IW8NJS Stylish It's comfortable and stylish. I like the color and the designed. It feels a little small at the beginning but after awhile it fits perfect. They should have more colors.
B007IW8NJS Comfy Stylish Everyday Shoes I get a lot of compliments on these! I got them for work, which I stand all day, general retail job, and they're prefect.  I also do a lot of walking in them.  Comfy, cute and light!
B007IW8NJS Comfortable and Great Look Have been VERY happy with these shoes, and I'm kinda picky because I have flat feet. I can insert my custom arches and wear these w/o my heel slipping out. I took them on a trip to Europe and wore them all over the place with comfort. Totally worth the buy!
B007IW951S just what i needed these shoes are comfy and cute! i have a summer job where im chasing down kids all day so i wanted sneakers that had support and a bit of style. they are comfy and don't cause any pain than any other regular shoe or standing for long periods of time causes on my feet.  side note:the fabric has dye that runs off for a bit but the company warns you of that and it only occurred twice  so if you're gonna wash em make sure its by hand or nothing is in the washer with it.
B007IW951S Nice shoes. It took a couple days to break them in. Otherwise it's a good, comfortable fit. The soles are lightly padded, which is nice.
B007IWIH1W Great hoes These (like all Pumas, in my opinion) run a little long. That being said, I love them, and wear them to work often. I've gotten many compliments on them, and am very glad for this impulse purchase.
B007IWKBK2 Nice texture They are really leather, beautiful colour and so comfortable.Shoelaces are too long.I like the bag they come in.
B007IWKBK2 Review These are the cutest shoes ever!  Don't know yet how they'll hold up to real use (running, walking, everyday wear) - they don't look as sturdy as most &#34;sneakers&#34; - but I'm happy with them.  Will wear them all fall and winter.
B007IWKBK2 It's okay It nice and simple. A great fashion piece if you want to wear a summer dress with simply yet classy sneakers. The fit is ok as well however you have to choose a half a size larger. I'm an 8 and I bought an 8.5. Puma is funny that way. Their sizes are very inconsistent.
B007IWKBK2 cute and unique If your feet are wide these are not for you. You can dress them up or down. They are so unique.
B007IX3572 great sneakr I bought these sneakers to work in and am very pleased with them.... The colors are true to see and they have great traction...
B007IXCZZU Thank you! Shoe looks just as pictured and arrived promptly, thank you for the positive amazon experience!  I wear anywhere from a ladies 8 to a 9, and the size 8 fits perfectly.
B007IXCZZU Cute but no cigar!!! These shoes are the strangest fitting shoes I have ever come across! The heel is weird!! And, your foot, while inside the shoe is unlevel. UGH... returned immediately. I read the reviews and wished I had listened. I just loved the way they looked. : (
B007IXCZZU Puma Women's Talulla Fashion Sneaker My wife loves them. She can't wait to use them with black tights. They look great and it came with a cool carry bag.
B007IXCZZU Love Pumas! These are the most comfortable sneakers to wear and they last forever! Bought them in 3 colors so far and hope they still keep coming out with more!
B007IXCZZU Disappointing Love the look of these shoes.  Not built for heavy walking.  Have only been wearing them a few hours and haven't walked much but they are already starting to rub blisters on my feet even with the protection of thick socks.
B007IY4MWI Great Socks... no driving, no sales tax and no worries! Great socks and I didn't have to drive around town to find them!  With amazon pricing and service, they arrived at my door vs. me having to go get 'em!  No tax, no hassles and they're great socks!
B007J39P2U awesome jacket great puma quality! love that the jacket is styles exactly like the away jersey that italy wears. lightweight and comfortable!
B007J3GCR6 If the shoe fits... Sneakers are comfortable, stylish, and lightweight. The only complaint I have is that the soles are extremely slippery when they are wet, on virtually any floor surface.
B007J4B1QM Pretty damn sweet The jersey knit on these breathes well and looks great. I wasn't sure how I'd like the little nubbins on the sole, but they work like a stress mat. That's really helpful when you're on a concrete floor all day like me. They're really comfortable and light. I would highly recommend the Black/Dark Shadow colorway. I got compliments the first day I wore them. Great buy at a great price.
B007J4B1QM stylin Package arrived on time. Very pleased with the shoes- super comfortable and stylish!  Packaging was good- even had both black and white laces included: black looks better.
B007J4J2G8 Nice look! These sneakers have a really nice look, they are comfortable and stylish. They have a retro look and dress up any pair of jeans or shorts. True to size and nice addition to my sneaker collection.
B007J4J2G8 OMG These looked even more dope when i got them. it got here on time and they fit so well. gotta get the white ones next!
B007J58WA4 Tiny loves it too My son Tiny usually wears a 14, or 15. This fits him really comfortably. The perforated leather upgrades this from previous canvas design, and looks both polished and casual. And blue shade is his fave. Perfect for those who are not cognizant of finer points of sartorial elegance. There is no tongue to look askew, the band actually provides some additional support as well as providing structure. Mom did good. Price was very welcome too.
B007J58WA4 Puma El Rey L. I had these in fabric for years and loved them. I was excited to see the leather option. They fit perfect and Amazon offers fast no hassle shipping.
B007J58WA4 This is Puma? The sizing was so far off that I couldn't believe it passed a manufacturer's inspection. Back to the drawing board!
B007J599HY "WOW" Great fitting Boot! just what I needed well order two more pairs for my father and son. Must have feel good on my feet.
B007J599HY Water resistant It was a fantastic climbing shoe and good ankle support but need to be more water resistant for those rainy days
B007J599HY Nice looking boot This style of boot exceeded my expectations...appears well made and looks good in the olive green.  The green was my third choice because my shoe size was unavailable.
B007J599HY cool boots been looking for a comfortable and stylish boot the can be worn casually or dressy. and alsoto match my olive green leather coat.  hit a home run with this purchase
B007J5A6OE 4x4 I love this boots somuch that I buy my self anotherone because they are so constable to where. I was worry for a minute..I though that puma did not meke them any more
B007J5A6OE Style and Fit They feel as good as they look. I own lots of Puma sneakers, but these boots are comfy and stylish. Wow
B007J5AFKO Puma lovers Great buy if you want style in your profile, smooth in your walk and talk as you leave the scene.
B007J5AFKO cool sneakers with that pop factor love these fly sneaker brogues I wear them often very comfortable. good heel traction as well for walking  in the wet conditions.
B007J5ANLU Amazing Kicks!!!! I needed some shoes/boots for work.  I wanted a boot, but wanted something light.  I was going to go with some Nike Air Max, and sooo glad I got the Puma's!!  These are featherlight, and they are definitely wider than Nike's and Reebok's. The sewed in &#34;bootie&#34; stretches easily to get them on, then they combined with the elastic lock laces snuggly support the foot.  I'm getting another pair!
B007J5B2QU Nice Looks good, feels good. Perfect for indoors and outside on smooth pavement. It does pick up pebbles on the sole. Watch out wooden floors
B007J5BC9C Five Stars Look unique and feel great.
B007J5K734 Great artistic, funky design. Not as comfortable as I had hoped. This is an attractive shoe that is not as comfortable as one would hope. Despite how funky the design is, I had to return it. It was slightly loose. And the sides cut into my feet.
B007J5L1H0 AMAZINGY LIGHT! They are super light! They look fairly heavy duty.  I love them!ProsCostLooks greatDurabilityWeightConsMesh
B007JAN1I2 gift was given as a gift for grandson and he wears them everywhere - loves these and everyone is impressed  great
B007JAN1I2 sneakers is comfortable weird material, nice fit. good for walking. weird color. a little loose around the ankles.  I recommend it to friends.
B007JAN1I2 Good look, if you have a foot like an elf. INCREDIBLY tight.  I usually wear a D width 10.5/11, and when I tried to put this on, it was a joke.  I think my foot would have to be half the width.  So, be careful.
B007JASSKI Perfect pected time is arrived at, the product which is described as. I have used it and are very comfortable, recommend
B007JASSKI great product I like it this is a good shoe!Cheap and comfortable wearing.I offer it to young people who want to feel cosy !
B007JASSKI Great Just Great Puma Sneaker looking fore more shoes from Puma great cuality until next time  see you soon  later bye
B007JASSKI perfect great look great shoe but it does not breath makes my foot sweaty they need breather wholes but vary comfortable.
B007JASSKI all I ware are Puma's they fit, and look great. The Puma wave on the side is made of cloth and dirty's easily and is difficult to keep clean other than that there  awesome.
B007JASSKI He loves them! I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas & he LOVES them! Says they're very comfortable as well. Ordered his normal shoe size. AND they came earlier than expected. This was my first buy on Amazon & I'm very pleased!
B007JASSKI I liked them I liked these but they didn't look very good on me, so I gave them to my husband, they looked very nice on him.
B007JASSYO Absolutely Perfect! This was a Father's Day gift for my husband and he loves them.  After reading the reviews, I ordered a 1/2 size larger and I'm glad I did. Perfect fit!
B007JASSYO Puma Men's Future Cat Sneaker Just in time, great service and fast, I hope to continue doing business with this company.They are comfortable and pretty
B007JAT2EY Great for Tai Chi Chuan practice Nice shoes, look like good materials, they felt a bit tight at the begining, but after wearing them for a few trainings they feel very good. I would recomend when ordering to order half size up
B007JAT2EY size is small by compariso to an European product Choose beause of the name..I associate Puma with quality.  Less well made than usual and would wear out very quickly.Nevertheless still an attractive looking product.
B007M6AH2Q Son's ecstatic over these cleats My son tried several types of soccer cleats for wear during his senior year.  After settling on this model, he was very pleased with Amazon's quick delivery, allowing him to receive that cleats prior to his team's next practice and has bee very pleased with the fit and how the work for him on the field.  The plastic molding has several key design points where the molding allows the shoe to break naturally - this means less stress on the toe and more accuracy in ball-handling.  He was very happy with his purchase.Unfortunately, two weeks after purchase, the right cleat separated from the boot - from the toe to the ball of the foot.  I was less than satisfied with the approach taken by Puma, by Amazon continued to meet my expectations in handling returns.  Completely satisfied with Amazon's response to the situation.
B007M6AH2Q Puma Evospeed K Leather Have not played with it as yet but feels great..lovely material.. just as described by the seller. great packaging..i would recommend..i bought it because in comparison to other thugs i have bought.. the model has a stronger base to me.. kina hard tho.. but the inner sole of this boots if u were to take it out ull see it has extra padding a the bottom of the inner sole..extra comfort.. so im already satisfied by seeing it.. :)..
B007M6AH2Q Great cleats!! I have a wide foot and have trouble finding comfortable cleats.These fit like a glove, soft upper, very light. All around great pair of boots.
B007M6B9A0 AAA I bought them for my daughter and she's very happy with them, comfortable and everything is as described in ad
B007M6BCZW it was ok, I had what I wanted it was ok, I had what I wanted at the time that I required..I loved it..it is perfect productWJ
B007M6BKT0 GREAT THANSK FOR THE DELIVERY TIME, IT S FITS PERFECT, THE PRODUCT WORKS AND SEEMS LIKE THE ADVICE, THANKS AGAIN ,MARIANO
B007M6BQXK Puma Men's Evospeed 4 FG These cleats are great, they are lightweight easy to work the ball with.  I like the material they used around the heel.
B007M6BQXK Comment I really like it. It is my desire and order. Thanks and always make people to be happy like you have made me.
B007M6BQXK Great Cleat I bought these cleats to play both Soccer and Softball. They have exceeded my expectations! Very light and stable shoe. Shipping was fast and easy!
B007M6CB3E Puma is back Puma is back after the disappointing line of v1.10(in my opinion) and an improved v1.12, the new evospeed line fulfills the promise of a light responsive shoe,I am no stranger to Puma since v1.06 turf , v1.08 trainers and Puma King Diego trainers. It fits to size, the leather touch gives u a very good feel to the ball, plus it looks very good.
B007MAYD2C Love! My 3 year old LOVES her new shoes!  We have had a hard time finding sneakers that have long enough velcro straps so that they stay on all day long, and these are perfect.  They are comfortable for her and really cute too!  They do run small, so definitely order up by a size or 2.
B007MAYD2C Cute and Functional My daughter loves them.  She can play in them, but they also are sparkly and work with lots of outfits.
B007MAYD2C Would buy again My daughter loves these shoes. She is 3 and adores them. They are very nice and sparkly and no the sparkles don't come off. She says they are very comfy.
B007MAYD2C Great bargain and cute! Adorable. The photos do not do the shoes justice. They are super sparkly under the right light. They are made well.
B007MAYD2C My girls love the sparkle shoes!! I ordered these shoes in the black & hot pink for my 2 girls who are 5 & 2. I was looking for something comfortable, but cute & neutral. These are perfect! They are very cute!! I wish they had them in my size! The sparkle in the shoe is really fun & adds that extra girly touch which my girls love! My 5 year old where hers to school a lot & says they are very comfortable:) I think any little girl would love them!
B007MAYD2C Glitter and pink Perfect shoes for my daughter look is very girly,  but they are athletic, she has them in both colors, they go with everything and she says they are comfortable.
B007MAYD2C Fun and stylish! These shoes are even cuter in person. The sparkly threading add fun to any outfit. I get so many compliments on them. They are so unique and stylish!
B007MAYD2C PUMA does it again My granddaughter had these Puma's, but with the laces.  We took her to view cherry blossoms in the park and one of the restroom buildings had recently had construction/updates done.  We did not know we walked her through TAR! So I re-ordered these with the velcro straps.  They are so comfy and well constructed for the little growing feet. The way they sparkle in the sun is just precious. Not a tacky looking glitter, they look like they are sprinkled with diamond dust!  A real winner that matches most little girl outfits and keeps their little feet comfy on long day trips!  Thanks Puma, and Amazon for the sale price!
B007MAYD2C Puma Steeple Glitter V Sneaker These shoes were perfect! They looked exactly like the pic and as described. My daughter loves them and she says that they are very comfortable to go on "walks" with mom & dad.
B007MAYD2C Very cute sneakers Very very sparkly. Picture does not show how sparkly these sneakers actual are. Cute sneakers.  Bought them for my two year old daughter.  Saved a few dollars though amazon.
B007MAYD2C Very shiny my daugther loved it. Canot comment on durability, but in the case of smal kids they will outgrow the shoe anyway before it is weared off.Main focus for this age is the looks, in this ground the purchase was exact the right one...
B007MAYD2C Awesome I bought these for my 3 yr old daughter and SHE LOVES them , they fit well and she loves the way they feel on her feet , she wears them to preschool so she wears them about 5-6 hours a day , I will be buying another pair my other girls :)
B007MAYD2C puma glitter fashion sneakers my daughter loves them, I will order her some more pumas, just have to wait for the weather to warm up;)
B007MAYD2C Even Cuter in Person They are even cuter in person, they are very sparkly!We have washed them, and the sparkles don't come off!
B007MAYD2C I cannot get them off her feet! My daughter instantly fell in love with theses shoes.  I have not been able to get them off her feet since they arrived.  She says they feel like wearing slippers, and they are so cute!  Love them!
B007MAYD2C CUTE Shoes! These are super cute! My daughter gets so many compliments on them. The pictures do not do them justice! They are so glittery and shiny! Very pretty and they fit perfectly! Will purchase again when she outgrows them!
B007MB0V8G super cute These shoes are awesome and super cute. My daughter loves them and we are both very satisfied. I had to exchange them for a slightly bigger size but the process was very easy.
B007MB1QVM Stunning Sparkly Silver Pumas for little girls Okay, these Pumas are GORGEOUS.  The glitter is superb, they absolutely sparkle like diamonds in the sun!  My granddaughters adored these sneakers!  I say that in the past tense because this weekend we went to see the cherry blossoms in the park, construction had been done on a rest room building, and they got covered in TAR!  Bummer!  Came on here to order the exact same pair for her, cause she'll accept no others!  They really are beautiful, super comfy, fit like a glove and please God, let there be another 11.5!
B007MB1QVM Cute and comfortable. Is cute and comfortable. If you are looking for something breathable and soft sole. This is a great pick. There's a little sparkle, but not over done. Just good enough. Cute with almost any outfit.
B007MBU5VE Trendy My son loved the sneakers and , as usual, has run them into the ground like all his other pairs - boys !Next time I would set them aside for more special occasions rather than everyday use.
B007MC1CHE Great for new walkers The picture look purple but they are definetly blue.  I love these because the sole had a little give and it was perfect for my 1 year old.  He had no trouble walking in them and they were not bulky.  Very happy!
B007MC1CHE It is very nice My small daughter use this sneaker for make sports in his school, the soft colors and the texture are very nice
B007MC1CHE 4yr old loves them Really cute, and daughter loves them. Seem comfortable and fit well, nice and slim fitting which is good for little feet. Velcro fastening makes it easy to put on and off, although tongue tends to bunch up a bit.
B007MC1CHE Happy daughter Our daughter is well pleased with these sneakers. She likes the look of them, they are comfortable and she particularly likes the reinforced toe so she can kick things.
B007MC1DGE Cute and well-made! Very stylish, well-made sneaks for my boys.  I don't like that there is some fabric on these shoes though because I worry about them getting dirty.  Otherwise, they are great!
B007MCNL6O Great shoes They lasted this rambunctious little girl all throughout the crazy summer and they're just now needing to be replaced.  They're great for the price I paid.
B007MCOO24 Buy a little bigger Extremely comfy and light, but the slip on area is not as generous as I would have liked so just round up when buying. It's been three weeks if wearing and they are perfect for my three year old. She gets compliments wherever we go. These would be great for all ages and I hope they make them in my size!
B007NIIFCC These are "No Show" Socks I have been looking for Puma running socks for my son and was excited to find these.  Unfortunately, the description did not say &#34;No Show&#34; socks, and the photo looked like they were 3 quarter socks.  I am disappointed, and the return policy states that i would only get a refund less the cost of free shipping + the cost of the shipping back the socks makes it not worth returning.They are great Puma socks, just not what I was expecting.
B007NQ658A Good Value I was delighted with these sneakers, they are extremely lightweight and very supportive of the arch.  Good value for the money.
B007NQ658A Confortable as well as stylish These are one of the most comfortable puma sneakers I own. I walk a lot and these are perfect for walking a lot in the mall or at an amusement park. They fit comfortably and do not scrape my heel like other shoes do. They look great with jeans as they do with shorts. The price is perfect, have seen them in stores for $20 more!
B007NQC2OQ i like it it fit very well the model is nice really what i spected confortable nice to use out door the price a little hight thats all...
B007NQC2OQ Love the shoes Awesome shoes! Very comfortable and feminine which is what I've been looking for. Thank You very much. OK. I'm done.
B007NQC2OQ awesome! super comfortable, easy to put on and wear, true to picture and size. I wear these to work, and 8-15 hours later and my feet are still on clouds. Love them!
B007NQC2OQ i like are as we expected but the size was not, we were a little big so it was replaced by otherI just hope that if they do send promotions with sealed box or report they sent some kind of discount or promotion because during the course gets lost
B007NQC2OQ Excellent! I bought this as a gift to my mother in law, and she loves it. Very comfortable, and fit exactly to her feets.
B007NQC2OQ lovely shoes Puma has been my favorite brand for many years. The shoes are light-weight, and flexible sole makes my walking comfortable.
B007NQC2OQ she loves them bought these for my daughter....she loves them..they fit great and look soo soo good...the price was GREAT.....other places wanted triple....
B007OX25SQ I DONT NO VERY GOOD PRODUCT, FITS AND LOOKS REAL WELL. RECIEVED IT ON TIME AND IM HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE. PLUS THE PRICE WAS RIGHT
B007OX25SQ Atheletic asset Great track jacket, great fabric ,two great textures nice weight and different from the average track jacket. Glad I got it.
B007OX4Y12 new favorite sweats what more is to be said these are my new favorite sweats they fit loosely around the legs, not hot.
B007OX4Y12 SO COMFY Bought these as a present for my husband, but I steal them occasionally because they're like wearing something knitted from cloud nine, mother's love, and kitten tummy fuzz. Very cozy, nice length. They've stayed soft through lots of washing. Their only drawback is a tendency to shed fuzz all over the wearer's legs.
B007OX5YDO Primary red puffy Puma jacket Comfortable & warm. I love the white stripe & zipper detail. The internal pocket is a bit chintzy, but that is the only failing. I want to order another one just in case anything ever happens to the one I'm wearing.
B007OX5ZJM good quality i travel a lot..i used this jacket during winter..no problem..its a classic jacket..no need to worried about old fashion..this jacket always maintain..RECOMMENDED
B007P0Q3WC great Its cute. Got it as gift for a friends daughter with some other clothes at a great price while on sale. Her daughter loved it.
B007P0Q516 Puma's always #1 in our book A great looking track suit and fit perfectly. Pumas always wear & wash well and perfect color combination for little girl.
B007P0Q64M &iexcl;execelent product! The product fit my daughter very well and without problem super comfortable, the fabric is super fresh for days even caloroso not mind my daughter being Flannel Shirt
B007P0Q72I Cute Got this for my daughter and she loves it! It came as pictured. I would get this in other colors as well. My daughter is a tall 4 1/2 year old and I got size 6, to leave some room to grow into.
B007P1CGWM They are Ok but Thes shorts are ok, but be carefoul, they are fare more longer that in the picture, im about 1,75 mts and they look like basketball shorts to me. Besides that, the shorts are nice looking and confortable.
B007P3O1OG Wide Foot Hurt my feet after working about six hours into my 12 hour shift. Not a comfortable full-time WORK shoe. Great for cutting grass, very small lawns of course. Waste of money.
B007P3OLOQ i love it Deliver fast, good product, accurate description, I love it, good wood, they r so confortable, love it, Deliver fast, good product, accurate description, I love it, good wood, they r so confortable, love it
B007P3OLOQ Finally a boot that fits Amazing fit. So happy to find a larger sized boot ie size 9 which fits skinny legs and doesn't look like a gumboot.
B007P3OLOQ Great Boot Wears like a comfortable sneak. My wife loves them!Wear them to VT, but also fun and stylish.Great purchase
B007P3OLOQ Loved them! My 17 year old daughter loved these and has received many compliments on them. Very comfortable and good on the ice.
B007P3PWUS Perfect and confortable Super soft, light and confortable. and they fit perfectly. I really really love them. Gonna wear them a lot from now on :D
B007P3PWUS Nice Very nice sneakers. They look very well made and fit comfortable. They might be the only reason i look forward to winter! They come with another pair of reddish shoelaces, which I think is very thoughtful!
B007P4L4L8 Nice and thick This model of Puma velour is just what I wanted. The velour is soft and of a good quality. Not thin like the other variations made by Puma. Husband wears a 2-3x, this 2x fits fine in both length and waist. Highly recommend this model.
B007P4L4L8 Sooo comfortable These pants are so soft and comfortable, its too bad I can't wear them to work. The workmanship is first class and the rubber waist is thick and sturdy. They do run true to size in the waist, but they also run very long as well. If you're over 6 feet it will be perfect, otherwise you may have to have them shortened.
B007P4L4L8 Sold out SOld out before i could order like 4 more pairs. Great fit and soo.. comfortable. If they become available I would order more for sure
B007P4L4L8 we love these pants my husband is 6'8&#34; and these pants are the perfect length.  I ordered a different pair at the same time and we are sending the other one back.  Puma velour is much heavier and comfortable.  The dark blue color is beautiful and the same as the image on the computer screen.  The pockets are great to have, and the zipper at the bottom of legs are handy.  I would buy these for anyone who wants a quality pair of velour pants.
B007P4L4L8 Warm and Fuzzy I enjoy wearing these pants.  They are nicer looking than average sweat pants.  They keep me somewhat warm.  The only issue is they're larger than expected.
B007P4L4L8 Not enough velour in our lives! man, I love this velour tracksuit, it's wicked comfy, and I feel like a 90's rapper, lol! buy one now!
B007P4L4L8 Fun to touch You might need to have these hemmed because they come with a lot of extra length to accommodate all sizes of people, but this is a good thing. That means everybody is covered. Good thing I have your mother to do this for me. The excellent, wide waistband is a sign of quality. The extra large is a perfect fit for a waistband of 38 to 42 inches, but they can accommodate a little bigger or a little smaller if needed. Extremely comfortable and soft, these could become your favorite pair.
B007P4L4L8 Too loose Material is very comfy, but the cut is voluminous.  It's not about the waist size, it's more that you could use these pants as a tent.
B007P4L4L8 Too long They are several inches too long.  If I pull them up to just under my nipples, they are the correct length, though.Bob
B007P4L4L8 Great gift!! I bought them as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them! Very warm and the back zipper pocket was an added bonus that he liked!
B007P4L4L8 Sweet The waist is true to size but the thighs could use a little more room.  But other than that these pants are super comfy!
B007P4L4L8 Boyfriend loves them. He has these in two colors.  He is 6'3&#34; and the length is perfect, almost a bit too long, but he's happy.
B007P4L4L8 great pants very happy with this purchase.. these are very soft and comfortable.. Puma makes a great product and I will buy these in the future.. happy with the purchase
B007P4L4L8 comfortable enough for a cat to wear... great lounging pants.  VERY comfortable and well made.  NOTE:  they run very long.  if you are not well over 6 feet you will need them shortened...  (size medium)
B007P4O2LM Totally worth it For the price I got it, it totally meets my expectations.The materials feels comfortable, very soft.More of a casual wear, not for any activities.
B007P4O2LM very soft!! The most soft and comfortable jacket I have ever had. High quality made, also 4 pockets, (2 inside).  Highly recommend!
B007P4O2LM The softest, most comfortable jacket you will ever wear The material is creamy soft, nice and thick, and the workmanship is first class. The rubber around the bottom and sleeves is thick and very well sewn. The zipper is heavy and sturdy. This jacket runs true to size around the chest, however the sleeves are very long and so is the jacket. It is best to read the &#34;size information&#34; chart before you buy because the sleeves cannot be shortened very easily with their rubberized cuffs. (I imagine a good seamstress could shorten the sleeves, but it may not be worth the expense). If you're tall with long arms, this will fit fine.
B007P4O2LM Great jacket Jacket came on time and was very nice. The jacket is soft and comfortable. Large size is a little bigger than normal.
B007P4O2LM soft and stylish I love Puma in general and this product worked perfectly - it is very comfortable and fits snugly on the body.
B007P4O2LM Very Nice Jacket overall This jacket fits great. True to size. Nice and soft. Nice jacket for fall and/or early winter. I would have bought some more colors if they were in stock.
B007P4O2LM Great for relaxing....very comfortable  and cozy I purchased this Puma Velour Jacket and the Pants for my husband for Christmas.  Both items fit perfectly and are so soft to the touch.  Received both items quickly and on time.  We are older seniors and, at this stage of our lives, we value comfortable clothing.I'm sure I''ll be ordering from this vendor again.
B007P4O2LM good for the value bought it at a pretty reasonable price. good jacket. soft and warm. size fits pretty well. happy i got a good buy
B007P4O2LM Perfect When i bought this jacket i did not expect it to be so warm and soft when i put it on i felt so comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comfort.
B007P4O2LM Very nice When i bought this jacket i did not expect it to be so warm and soft when i put it on i felt so comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comfort
B007P4OF5A Why did I wait so long to get this Wow so comfortable and warm.  I would buy it all over again, in fact I rarely wear anything else and really only need a ski jacket other than this awesome hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Want one for myself! This was a gift for an 85 yr old gentleman who is always cold.  I honestly couldn't tell you how it fits because he didn't try it on.  But when he opened the present everyone there oohed and aahed over its appearance.  It's gorgeous!  And such high quality in material!  A lot of us made a pledge to go online to find the same hoodie and order one for ourselves!
B007P4OF5A Great Jacket It's super warm on the inside, and awesome PUMA style on the outside. It's one of my favorite winter picks
B007P4OF5A It's for colder weather, but very nice I bought this hoodie for summer nights in California when it is in the 60's, but the Sherpa lining(like sheepskin) makes it much too heavy for that purpose.  But, it will be great for those colder winter nights.  I need one that is unlined.  Met all my other expectations and is quality made
B007P4OF5A Bad A$$ for the Price! Fits like a dream, feels amazing & is quite warm.I think I got this on sale for $49.99, so for that price plus free shipping: this thing was a winner!100% satisfied
B007P4OF5A Great Hoodie I gave this Hoodie 5 stars for the design and price. I liked how the arms of the Hoodie is not lined with Sherpa, it doesn't give that bulky feeling around the arms and shoulders. I would definitely recommend this Hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Warm and Comfy Really like the lining- the arms are a satiny smooth material and the chest, back and hood are lined with the warm sherpa fuzzy stuff. Great in the winters after the gym or just for walks outside. 6&#34;, 170lbs and medium fit perfectly, as usual with Puma gear.
B007P4OF5A Awesome! Love it! It's super soft on the inside and it's warm and comfy. I LOVE it! It's a great alternative to a fleece, it's actually warmer than my Columbia fleece jacket. I am using it as my "in-between," before I pull out the winter jacket.
B007P4OF5A excelentt My husband enjoys this hoddie, he never expect this gift so thats was great he really surprise and he now loves it
B007P4OF5A Super Soft Loved this hoodie! Very soft and right on size. Bought it super cheap, so Yay for me!  Would def buy again!
B007P4OF5A I like it The cotton has a good quality, the interior is softly and confortable, and with a cotton touch, I mean, not synthetic.
B007P4OF5A great and comfortable for $14 This hoodie is great, soft and comfortable.  The sherpa lining is pretty awesome, although it does not line the sleeves, just the hood and body.  Too bad that only the 2XL was on sale for the cheap price since I usually wear a xl, but $14 for a Puma hoodie, even if it is a little baggy, is a great deal.  I like the full zipper for easy-on/easy-off.  I've been lounging around the house in it since I got it and it's been perfectly comfy and I've loved it.
B007P4OF5A Excellent Product Very good for sporting,keep warm and secure against bad whether, this clothing is elastic and confortable for walking around.I recommend it!
B007P4OF5A Soft, comfy and Warm! Soft, comfy. warm, and stylish!!  The fit and finish are perfect and the sherpa lining is extremely sofy just like the out shell.
B007P4OF5A Average looking in person The fit is okay and the material is not as good as my J.Crew sherpa. I'm 6' ft tall and slim and the medium is loose. It is okay on the shoulders but loose around the hips. So not the best cut design. Perhaps a S (small) would have ben better for me.But for the price I got it, it serves the purpose of doing work around the house and lounging around on a cold day. I wouldn't wear it for anything else.
B007P4OF5A Cant like it more Most of my clothes are L in US size but I choose a XL for the super cheap price. The jacket also fits me well. It is perfect.
B007P52ZHY Chic AND comfy The shirt fits great, and is super stylish. Even has a unique cut that you can see close up. Great product, my husband was very happy with it!
B007P52ZHY favorite This has become my husband's favorite tee shirt. Nice logo and fabrication. A tee guy will be happy with this one.
B007P5BBWY smart sweatshirt Very pleased with the sweatshirt, good fit, warm and dressy . Love wearing it. Would very likely buy more things from this manufacturer.
B007P5QIUE Snug but comfy This is a great quality product. The material is soft, and it does feel great against the skin. The fit is a little tight. I'd definitely order a size up next time, since I prefer athletic jackets to sit a bit looser than regular clothing. Overall, I'm happy with the purchase.
B007P5QIUE LOVED IT Great fit :). The jacket was exactly as described. Perfect for a jog and everyday wear! I would recommend :)
B007P5QIUE I like it Such beautiful blue sports wear . Touches so soft and wears comfortable. I like it very much. the size is just ok
B007P5QU9S Great buy! Super comfortable and amazing material.  Very flattering fit and texture.  I also purchased the jacket and together a great purchase.
B007P5QU9S Very comfortable! They are very soft and fit great!  LOVE them - only wished they had pockets.  Would def buy again though.
B007P5QU9S Too thick for me! I was looking for thinner material but ordered these because of the price.  These are better for winter wear because they are so thick (think thick sweatshirts and you will get the picture).  They were way too long for me.  I'm 4'11" and these were about 6 inches too long.  I ended up returning them.
B007P5QU9S Comfortable and well fitting The sweatpants are comfortable and they fit me well.  The material is sturdy and heavier weight.  And they look nice- not too baggy or droopy.
B007P5REYI Sleek Got this for a friend at Christmas time. She wore it as soon as she opened the present.Looks great on her.
B007P5S2JY Puma pants I would have chose the higher rating, but, this pants did not specify the length. However, this is a minor problem, and, I love the fit. Yes, it came before the estimated date of delivery, and in good condition.
B007P5S2JY Rocking velour trackie pant This are fabulously comfortable, warm and soft. the fit is good I normally wear a 5 and the small is perfect. Aside from being a little long in the leg but then again pants always are on me, I'm 5.5ft. As per the top, I  purchased at the right price on sale, yeh!
B007P5UKR6 real comfort receive this product quickly and they're comfortable they look awesome I definitely would recommend someone or anyone to buy these socks I will definitely purchase another set from this company again
B007P5UKR6 We love Puma Thes socks are made extremely well. the thickness is not too thick, just perfect. My husband wears all Puma now.
B007P5Y5WW Pretty This is a pretty hoodie, but too form fitting. Super soft and durable. Prefer it to be bigger, I bought a men's one too which is perfect fit.
B007P5YXOC Its too big on me Its okay for the gym,..the colors are  bright.. but its not meant for a size 0-1, 5'3&#34; girl with a tiny waist
B007P5ZFZS Arms not as long as pictured. I love this jacket.  It feels like i am wrapped in a nice comforting blanket.My only complaint is, in the photo it looks like the arms are extra long, but they are actually too short.  By my own admission i have unusually long arms, but i was still surprised at how the arms didn't fit.  I am 68&#34; tall and my wing span is 71&#34;.Everything else is wonderful, the material is soft and warm.  The color is spot on to the photo.  The pockets are extra big (this should make up for the shorter sleeves.), and the body length fits nicely.I can't wait for it to be cold in 2 days i can wear it to work!!
B007P5ZFZS Nice jacket. Nice fit.  Warm in-between jacket.  I wish it came in more colors though.  It does the trick when a winter coat is too much.
B007P7ZPWO Great product Husband loves this style of sock but they are hard to find.  They've been washed a lot and the elastic has held up, they are comfortable and they fit well.
B007PK5T0Y they look nice but they kind of too small They look alright but they are definetely too narrowI am not a runner nor a soccer player so I am not going those metal nail on them. They look a little ackward but he!
B007PK5T0Y Don't Tread on me! Not a good experience from initial order to having to retrieve them from a driveway in the rain(Not Mine).  The redeeming factor was after a delay being credited back my money.  Oh did I mention they were 3 sizes to big!
B007PK5T0Y Not what I expected I ordered 1/2 size bigger based on reviews and I should have ordered a full size larger. I was going to return them but the cost of postage plus their restocking fees (Which are not explicitly stated when you buy them), added to the postage cost I spent to get them, would add up to more than the cost of the shoe, so I'll give them to charity. Besides being smallish, I tried doing my morning walk in them one day (without the spikes) and ended up with a horrible backache since they are balanced different than a normal sneaker - through me out of alignment or something. I guess they must be only for running - maybe they are balanced right for a runner. I'd wanted the spikes for walking on ice when the weather's bad, but I don't intend to wear these sneakers ever again. (I'm not a runner, just a fast walker)
B007PK5T0Y my wife love it my wife love it ,it is comfortable and she said that it feel go to be a walking shoe.the prize is great.
B007PK68MW super comfortable you can feel the air in your toes really breathable really comfortable!! they were a little smaller than i thought they'd be i usually wear a 5.5 so ordered them a 6 and they were still a little snug they have stretched out a bit now that I've worn them awhile.
B007PYJMEO Satisfied I love the look and durability of this bag but it gets awfully heavy when you actually put things in it (haha). Overall, I'm satisfied.
B007Q36ALC Great Product Good product, ease to put in especially for toddles and very simple to clear it up. I really recommend it.
B007Q36ALC Very fashionable Puma really design shoes that does not go out of style, I bought this for my son and I like the way it looks.  It fits just right, never hear any complaints about it.
B007Q36ALC Excellent Received on time for Christmas. Size perfect. But quality is so and so . They get scratched very easily by active kids. They are not heavy duty
B007Q36ALC Great product We got exactly what we were hopping for.This is the third one my son has got of this brand.
B007Q36ALC Perfectly fine The shoes are lovely, i was a bit concerned from the reviews i read about it but when i received it i loved it and it fits perfectly. Many thanks for Amazon.
B007Q36ALC NEVER TAKES THEM OFF MY SON LOVE THEMEasy to put the onLeatherThe red inside you can see it a little outside and they look really nice
B007Q36ALC Excellent This puma covers all the expectation we have of it. The colors and quality are perfect. And we receive it on time
B007Q36ALC Nice shoe for Toddler! They look great, and so small. Getting these at twenty bucks made it worth as a gift for friends. They will not wear these out as they grow out of them in a few months, but boy ... they are fantastic.Looking for a gift to make somebody happy and appreciate the Ferrari brand - buy this!
B007Q36ALC excelent very good, beutiful, soft and cuality excelent. recomended all people for you baby. the price is very good, easy shopping
B007Q36ALC i love it excellent product, very good finish and brand, my son is happy to use it, I recommend this product, it is very beautiful
B007Q36U4Y my son  sneaker my son love this sneaker it fit well and certainly he will travelling to canada with a it really feel comfortable
B007Q36U4Y My Grandson loves his new puma's These shoes fit well and has a little growing rum. He finds them very comfortable and he really likes the colors. Thanks for a good product.Eric
B007Q36U4Y Really nice ATHANIEL loved them! I had never bought the brand Puma before for my grandbabies but, I was really surprised of how well their made.
B007Q36U4Y my son loved it Nd he is happy to get it on time nd the product arrived perfect.I totally recommand it, they do send it on time that wat I really love that it is on time
B007Q36U4Y awesome This was a great deal.  My kid is very happy with.  A very good price.Definitely buying again with the seller.
B007Q36U4Y Favorite shoe Puma makes a good product!  M grandson will not wear anything else.  They last and are very comfortable!  I will purchase more Puma products!
B007Q36U4Y Very comfortable & cute My six year old hates tennis shoes in general, but he put these on and no complaints.  Soon he'll be asking for a Ferrari too!
B007Q47Z9M Made for thin feet They are beautiful and extremely well finish, we got the same shoe for my eldest (7yr old) and they look great and apparently is super comfortable but the toddler sizes come in the smaller side, I recommend ordering 1 1/2 to 2 extra sizes, we are bummed that he couldn't use it right away and are in the process of returning it for a larger size.
B007Q48118 Sport shoes It fix perfectly well for my son and he is using for schooll. The only thing that I would change is the BMW logo because is only painted
B007RFLJL0 Well shipped and great looking as described well packaged and very strong with a great case as well. Compared tom ore expensive glasses these are a deal
B007RUV686 Adorable The concept of this outfit cracks me up. 12 mos size is still to big for my 4 month old little girl but it was too cute and a great deal so I ordered early. It is exactly like an adult track suit in quality and I assume comfort. I can't wait to dress her in this outfit!
B007RUV686 Puma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, Pink Puma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, PinkPuma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, Pink
B007SI1WWW slim and comfortable I like the look of the face, very sleek.  I have small wrists and it fits well.  trying to figure out the timer and the chime options is confusing.
B007SI1WXQ Okay for the price The face is slightly smaller than what I expect but it's okay. Would have wanted it bigger for my wrist type
B007SI1WXQ black on white looks good like the big dial with the big alpha-numerics.good functions but I wish the timer (good additional feature) had an alarm indicating the end of the count so I didnt need to keep checking the dial.the timer repeats automatically but if you stop it you should be able to reset it to the beginning which you cant do even if you go out of the timer mode and back into it.other people seem to admire to look of the watch (maybe because it looks distinctive on an old guy) and that makes me feel like the sport I was back in high school.great value for the price (on sale).
B007SJK51K Light weighted Beautiful and light my girls loved them. i thought at first it was going to fir my youngest but it didnt so i just gave it to my oldest
B007SJKEYS Does not stay on the feet These sneakers are super cute but the elastic is not strong enough to keep my daughter's foot in the shoe...she can't really wear them because they keep coming off.
B007SLGLX4 are some shoes that are well suited to the child's feet I recommend them with closed eyes they loved my daughter. are some shoes that are well suited to the child's feet I recommend them with closed eyes they loved my daughter.
B007SLGLX4 Great kids sneaker Cute sneaker that is comfortable. Best part is that my son who is almost 3 can put them on by him self.
B007SLGLX4 great for toddle these are great for toddler, as they can put them on and off themselves. These must be very comfortable as my daughter (who is picky with shoes) asks to wear them quite frequently.
B007SLGLX4 Excellent choice It was as expected and my son loves it very much.Would purchase again in a different colour and style.Thanks
B007SLGLX4 Perfect shoes for my daughter I purchased these for my daughter as I was so over all the pink shoes out there for little girls with sparkles and princesses. These are AWESOME. The black and yellow is so stylish and I love the way the straps adhere in opposite directions. They are thick and solid, these will withstand toddler play. I will be ordering these in bigger sizes and other colors :) But I have to say the black and yellow is boss :)
B007SLGLX4 my son loves it very comfortable I will keep purchasing puma sneaker in the near future recommends it highly to mothers who had picky kids great buy
B007SLGLX4 love it............. my daughter loves this shoe she is two so not having laces is a plus i dont even have to help her she puts it on herself......shipping time i was especially pleased with not even a week went by and i got the shoes in trinidad .........
B007SLGLX4 Really I want more big than this I think that It was number 5 for kid, and really seem to be like a little baby.. it is very bad
B007SLGLX4 great buy my nephew loves to put htese babies on everyday. easy to get on  and off for a 4 year old
B007SLGLX4 My kid loves it I bought this for my 5 yo kid, and i'm very satisfied. My kid usually destroys his shoes, but with this ones, he can't.
B007SLGLX4 Nice sneaker It was a gift for my nephew and he loved it. He looks great with it. Item arrived as scheduled, everything is ok, i recommend.
B007SLGLX4 Beautiful shoe nothing more to add. My 2 year old kid loves them.Just love Puma and especially those kid ones. Nice
B007SLGLX4 Cute My daughter loves it. I am giving it four stars for now been that she just started wearing it. Overall the colors are cute and  and my daughter says it is comfortable
B007SLGLX4 LOVE these shoes for a new walker I adore these shoes--everything about them, that cool gray color, the hot pink stripe...we've gotten lots of compliments on them.  They don't seem to get a speck of dirt on them.  That material really repels dirt.  The best part is they're comfy and she is really good at walking in them.  They have a low profile and great flex for early walkers.  The double sided velcro is great because she can't figure out how to get them off and chew on them, unlike her stride rites!
B007SM2L3M Nice sneaker My daughter loves them. I am not a fan of this style. But, they are well made. Run 1 size small. We had to exchange them. Colors are pretty. Suede gets dirty easy. But I don't expect anything else from a10 yrs old. Overall  5 stars! Great price on amazon.
B007SM2M2W sparkles anyone My daughter LOVES anything that has sparkles on it. So when she saw these we had to get them. the price was great and the shoes are awesome as well
B007SM2M2W Wooooow Awesome shoes.The Perfect one for my active daughterI really like itSo comfortableShe is so happy with it
B007SM2M2W Very cute This sneaker is very cute and perfect for my preschooler.. My daughter loves them.  The material waterproof and easily cleaned also.
B007SM2M2W puma glitz review I got these for my daughter, she walks great in them and I love the grips on the bottom. They arrived in a timely manner. I like them a lot but more than likely the last time I pay 40 dollars on shoes for a growing toddler
B007SM6GFG super cute and easy to clean i brought this shoes for my 2 yr old son. as soon as he saw them he put it on his foot and wore it for hours. everytime he sees it he wants to wear it so i have to hide it from him. its lightweight, strong and surprisingly easy to clean ( i just wipe them with a damp cloth). everyone who have seen it wants a pair for their child.
B007SM6OE4 Cute, comfortable and appear to be durable My daughter loves Puma's and finally wore out the last pair.  She was super excited about this glittery style!  I am impressed with the coating that is over the glitter, which will likely hold up better than other glittery shoes we have had.
B007TH1UYC Comfortable, but not for everyone First off, I do not run in these. I bought these shoes purely for casual wear, since I wanted a laceless sneaker to slip on. Therefore, take this review with a grain of salt as I have no idea how these shoes perform when used for their intended purpose.As casual shoes, these have several strengths:1. They're extremely light and comfortable.2. They breathe very well; they're perfect for hot weather.3. For laceless shoes, they fit quite securely.However, there are definitely some negatives that you should be aware of if you're considering buying these:1. If the weather is cold and/or wet, do not wear these. The same ability to breathe that makes them so comfortable in the summer will absolutely soak your feet within minutes in the rain. These are not water resistant in any way whatsoever.2. They are not incredibly sturdy. I've worn mine for about nine months now and there is quite a bit of wear. They're about halfway between a solid, sturdy shoe and a disposable paper slipper.3. The colors are just ridiculously loud. I opted for the blue ones, thinking they'd be a more solid blue, however they're very light grey and baby blue. I can't wear these with jeans without feeling utterly ridiculous. Actually, I can't wear them with shorts either, unless I pretend that I've just come from a run. Then I don't just feel ridiculous, I am ridiculous.I do like them, overall. I just don't find them to be very practical for day to day wear.
B007TJLLDU Looks great! This shoes looks even better then advertized. It fits well and the gray looks really nice with jeans. Overall great shoes. Just wish the white tip would have been black so it doesnt get dirty so fast
B007TJLSBU AMAZING These fit true to size.  They are Kelly Green on Puma mark, berry on bottom, Italian square on back tag (red/white/green striped), and shiny metallic gold on inside...come with both green and white shoe strings, both with gold string-ends.  SUPER cute and comfy.  Got them outta the box, and wore them all day Christmas shopping in the mall.  Barefoot.  And not ONE ounce of discomfort.  I LOVE PUMA!
B007UM8E1S excellent product excellent product, filled my expectations, recommended and tailored to my needs, when I received that I thought would be great, unlike orm are small and take the foresight to buy a size bigger
B007UM8E1S nice This sneaker is worth the price, I bought them for my husband and he loves them as wellthey look just the same as in the photo and they look neat on his foot.
B007USEG6E inexpensive and nice nice looking sneakers very  comfortable,all in all a very good purcahse. The color is very rich and nice.Can be used for every day casual wear.Satisfied indeed
B007USEG6E Cool Shoes arrived on time and in perfect condition. Haven't worn them much yet though because I broke my toe the day before the shoes came in... Murphy's Law.
B007USEG6E Pumaflage! Bought this a little on a whim because I am a Puma fan and wanted something different.  Very pleased, especially for the price.  Lightweight, comfy, and stylish!  If you are like me, your feet can run a bit hot in them and there isn't much venting, but that's my only complaint.
B007USEG6E Great looking and feeling "special purpose" footwear. These shoes are light, comfortable, good fitting, and good looking.  But be aware that they have virtually no support and no heel.  The sole is thin and offers little protection.  They are not for long walks or running.  They are great for relaxing and around the house and yard and anything else you do that doesn't involve lots of walking or standing for long periods of time.  So I consider them great "special purpose" footwear.  I wear them often.
B007USEG6E nice sneaker it's a good deal.so comfortable and nice appearance.perfect for a beach day or a summer long walk day.
B007UTW59S Goodbye Nike Hello Puma These shoes are so comfortable, True to size. Looking forward to spring comming soon so I can really put these to the test!
B007UXFK2S very comfortable and light weight This is a good looking pair of sneakers and very comfortable and light weight.don't like the thick heavy type of sneakers so these are real nice . There also very stylish too.
B007UZ3LC2 :) my baby loves this suit and everyone loves how she looks in it, the material is soft and i used this suit many times :)
B007VL3IBE Hapy about it Not what IO expected, but still happy about it. Thei'r quite beautyfull and stylish, thanks God I don't run, because they don't offer the propper suport for that practices, but for trainning they are very much okay.
B007W1CBKC Grandbaby approved Bought this for Christmas for my Grand son, and it fits him perfectly.  Adorable!!  Very good comfy set for a traveling baby !
B007W1CBLQ BOYS OUTFIT I think the outfit is really cute. I haven't given it to him yet because its a Christmas present. Thanks
B007W1CBLQ adorable Bought this outfit for my great grandson forChristmas. I love it and i know he will look great in it. Nice material and well made.
B007W1CBLQ Nice and warm This outfit is great for my lil man. Keeps him warm and clean. Cleans pretty easily whenever he has a diaper blowout as well
B007W1CBLQ Well made... This set is perfect for fall/spring layering, when going between home to car to store and back mean baby's comfort requires adding a sweatshirt or taking it off frequently.
B007WQDYQM xo I changed out the laces in these case the green was not as flexible but i get complements on them all the time.
B007WQDYQM Looks Cool and Hip Just got my sneakers, LOVE!!!! Considering i got it for under 20. No complains for now, will see how it wears and lasts.
B007WQGKQI Beautiful and light. Boots are beautiful and feel well made. They fit as expected, though do require a bit of &#34;wearing in&#34; in the wider part of the foot.
B007WQGKQI Boots of a lifetime. I bought these boots as a replacement for another pair so i could stop borrowing boots to play football. They fit nice. I get exceptional touch when receiving the ball and even juggling and freestyling.
B007WQGKQI good cleats Great cleats for the price. Fits a foot that is on the verge of being a wide but isn't. Solid traction for quick cuts and doesn't slip. Would buy again
B007WQGKQI Great cleat for the $ I ordered these as a cheap firm ground rugby cleat. They work well and are comfortable. Fits true to size keep in mind most Americans prefer a slightly bigger shoe. These fit snug on me and keep my foot from sliding around in the boot. Made not with leather butwith a durable synthetic upper they are more comfortable and flexible than many comparable Adidas cleats (I own two pair) and Nike cleats. All around a solid boot for the price.
B007WQGKQI My husband loved the shoes they fit him perfectly :) I rate it t 5 because they arrived at a good condition and they came as shown on the picture we love them :)
B007WQGKQI close fit but otherwise excellent I bought these cleats to play ultimate frisbee and they work great. They needed some break-in time though. After I played in them for the first time, my feet were very sore afterwards. This led me to write a bad review at first, but the second time around I had no problems. I think the issue with the first time was that I wore very thick wool socks, which cramped my toes. The fit is very snug, so I would suggest going a half size up if you plan to wear thick socks very often. That said, these are great shoes overall. They are relatively light and provide good traction on astroturf. Definitely recommend.
B007WQGKQI those are a little soft or something like that.... it has to be stronger to kick harder i like it but could be better if it was not too soft.i think it is confortable but i havent used yet
B007WQGY96 Love them Playing football in them for several weeks now.  Comfortable but great performance for my game (long passes, corners, free kicks and precision power shooting).
B007WQGZRW Great but... These ripped the 3rd time I wore them. Come on, PUMA!! I expect more, even from the middle line of boots that Puma offers. Shouldn't have to spend $150-200 to expect cleats to last a full season.
B007WQH3GE puma shoes The shoes is very good also comfortable for foot.I thank you for your service it is very fast also you are cooperator with the costumer.
B007WQH3GE PUMA lovers It took some getting use to with the bright yellow but once you break these puppies in they are on POINT. Awesome shoes that show awesome flare on the indoor turf if you got that skill sOn.
B007WQHQKW This is great! At first you may think its kinda fit, but later its going to turn less fitted, making them wearable, they just need time. After all, this is confortable to have on, and great for sport.
B007X0C5MQ Perfect and So Adorable! -No issues with delivery and product. The material is better than expected and I anticipate my daughter growing out of it before I see any wear. Little sister will sure to be wearing it in a couple years too.
B007X1BCBU Great thin sweatshirt This sweatshirt has been great for my active daughter.  Often times sweatshirts are too bulky.  For when you need a light cover-up jacket, especially for PE or gymnastics on cooler days, this fits the bill perfectly. Colors are unusually almost neutral in grey/chartreuse and match many things.
B007X1BCBU Very Comfortable I bought this jacket for my daughter, she wears it everywhere.  It is nice and warm withough being too bulky.  She is very persnickety about her clothing, especially her jackets and it was a hit.  In fact, I am having a hard time getting her to put it away for the winter and transition to her winter coat.
B007X2BZ0M Comfortable and fashionable cleats I bought these for my 13 year old who loves soccer, We recieved them the next day and were very happy with them, my daughter wears them often and says that they are comfortable and she gets alot of compliments on how cool they are, any how we are happy with them thanks.
B007X2OPC2 super cute! Super cute! Looks great with the matching sweatsuit I got for my daughter too. We always get compliments on the out fit.
B007X2ORIO So Cute!! I bought these for my niece for christmas.  They fit her really well and the bedazzled logo on the back is super cute.  She loved them!
B0081Q1WFW Comfortable My picky son liked them, that says a lot right there!
B0081Q1WFW Teen son likes these for wrestling My son likes these better than regular boxers to wear under his wrestling singlet for competition. Seem to be sturdy and well-made, so they'll hold up through the season.
B00822FCP6 can't change the time It looked ok, but the knob to change the time was broken straight out of the box.  I returned it.
B00829AQQ4 great product this is I was looking for this back in  the fall of 2012 in October at Macy's but I couldn't find it anywhere.
B0084CXJ72 Thin Nice product, but way thinner than led to believe from the write up.  its not going to keep anyone very warm except on a fall day.
B0084CXQO8 LENGTH ISSUE THIS SHIRT LOOKS LIKE IT SHOULD BE FOR A BABY AS THE LENGTH IS SUPER SHORT. LENGTH IN PICTURE IS DECEIVING.  THE DESIGN IS CUTE, BUT OVERALL POOR QUALITY !
B0084CXRA6 Nice Fit My 10yr old daughter wears these for dance class and really likes them.We have washed them once and they seemed to hold up well.
B0084D5AWS Perfect for the dead of winter in Abu Dhabi! On par with the quality that one would expect from Puma. Light weight for cool not cold days.This with a windbreaker, would be great down to 50F no problem.Keep in mind we're from WY, so our &#34;cool&#34; might not be your cool.
B0084D5BQI Nice outfit Fits my daughter really well.  (She is tall but very thin).  It has held up nicely through several washings.  I wish it had a matching shirt sold with the set.
B0085V0N80 Cool Very comfortable, the black is a rich color & it has a nice soft material. Perfect gift for some one. Fits perfect. You would not regret buying this tee.
B0085V3HPQ nice colors i bought his for my bro in law and he loved it , he says it fits perfectly ..the colors couldn't be better..the colors of his fav soccer team, the wind jacket he needed to go to to the stadium to see his fav team
B0086FN9MW very nice Puma hoodie Bought this jacket for christmas gift for a grandson he loves anything that has Puma on it he will just love this jacket. Quality of jacket excellent.
B0086FN9MW Perfect Gift for my son. He is an 8 yr old boy. this fits him nicely and looks great.  Actual hoodie looks better in person than it does in the pictures.
B0086FN9MW Happy Hoodie My 8 1/2 year old grandson loves the Puma Hoodie.  He would wear it to bed if he could.  The hoodie is very soft and warm a perfect jacket for the rainy Pacific Northwest.
B0086FN9MW VERY HAPPY MY TWO BOYS 10 AND 5 ARE VERY HAPPY WITH IT! THEY SAY IT'S VERY COMFORTABLE AND WARM ! WILL BUY AGAIN.
B0086FNBQ6 Very nice Very nice set of pants.. My child really likes them. He actually wants more but in different colors. Again very nice!!!
B0086FNBQ6 A bit short in length I bought these for a 12 years old boy and they are a bit short in length.  These should have been made another 1 to 2 inch longer.  If the pants are too long, they can be cut short but nothing much you can do if they are too short.
B0086FNBQ6 Good sweatpants My son wears these around the house or as pajama bottoms.  They are a good fit and comfortable, but heavy so not the best for sport activities, but perfect for getting cozy after a chilly day outside.
B0086FNBQ6 Very Happy Very Fast and just as described. I am going to order more as soon as I can. Today even! Very Happy
B0086FNBQ6 True to Size My son is 5 feet and 85 lbs. These are perfect with a little room to grow. Arrived on time and in great condition.
B0086FNFL2 Well made and sized. I purchased these for my growing son.  He was very happy with them.  They fit well and appear to be well made. I was confident that they would fit because I had purchased a similar Puma pant for him in a store.
B0086FYO0I Great Christmas Gift We got this for our son for christmas! He loves hoodies! It fits true to size and is great to keep him warm on cooler days! Very happy!
B0086FYO0I PUMA Full-Zip Originals Hoodie Very nice for branch and price. I offered to my two grandsons to use during those more warm days. They look lovely.
B0086FYRD2 jacket display i found that the seller who displayed this jacket should in the future give customers front an back view .. even side view because i bought this not knowing the back has a USA print on it.
B0087E3YCC My hair gets caught in the soft plastic on the sides of the temple tips! I would give the glasses frames 5 stars but every time I take them off, my hair gets caught by the soft plastic that is on either side of the temple tips. Extremely annoying! I bought the glasses frames at Costco and I tried to look up Puma to contact them directly about the poor design but it will take more time to follow through. I think I will take them back to Costco to see if they can help. I would not buy these frames if you have hair that will get caught in them.
B0088B6G3I Very nice This puma infant fleece hoodie and pant set is true to size andreally really cute. Highly recommend. Would love to buy again
B0088B75E2 Super cute! Love this outfit on my little one!  I bought this outfit in 24 months and my daughter is pretty long and lean at 2 years, 2 months.  Fits great with a little room to grow and is adorable.  I would recommend to friends.  Wish they had a matching mommy one!
B0089GNAUE Gift for nephew I bought this as a gift for my nephew and he loved it. He wanted to wear it right away and the size was just right. It's a very cute jacket!
B0089GNAUE Disappointed.... I purchased the jacket and the pants for my 7 yr old son and ordered a kids 7 using the sizing guide. What was delivered was a massive Puma Boys Jacket and Pants, that I was able to fit into (5'3 and 105lbs).
B0089GNKQ8 The pants look great.... So I love it.  My boys love the pants, but they do not like the pockets.  Since I'm writing this review, I'm sticking with the 5 stars -- they wash well, fit great, and have a cleaner look than most pants of this type.
B0089TIUA6 Es re lindo!! My wife said that, and she loves it, specially because it measures heart rate, she will never use it but it feels great to have it, ha ha!!
B0089TIVXC Obvious manufacturer's shills posting positive reviews Puma's watches draw my interest as they are unique in looks and design, but their penchant for having shills making positive posts on behalf of them sucks.  Most of them look like they came straight out of their marketing department.  Further it makes one hesitate to seriously consider the product.  Puma, do yourself a favor, and cease the overwrought propaganda efforts.
B0089TIZBA I love it Very light, very attractive, but I would prefere if you can see the month and the day at the same time with the time. The only thing that I didn't like that they charge over 5$ for tax and they charged me 7$ for shipping even that I choose the free shipping :(
B0089TIZDS Meh... The face is much bigger than it looks in the picture. I was hoping it would be sleek and athletic, but it's a bit bulky for my taste.
B0089TIZDS It is big It is good for big hand .. Good looking , i bought gift for my brouther he love it :)
B0089TIZDS It's OK For The Price If you like big watches this is a fairly big one.  Only problem is the arms are black and the background is black.  It makes it very hard to read.  Looks cool, just very hard to read the time.
B0089TIZDS This Is A Great Watch Very eye catching design with the black/gray colors. Nice diameter and thickness. Comfortable. I like the stem location as it does not dig into your hand when you move it back.
B0089TJ12C Not recommended Work to day tommorrow who knows! it work sometimes it tend to lose time, not sure if it is the battery or what but I called the vendor the will not let me return it after is open.
B0089TJ190 pedrobbarreto25@hotmail.com Traducci&oacute;nvery good product hope to buy from you are very diligent LIABLE and prices are excellent but if it were cheaper was better much better thanks
B0089TJ2M6 very comfortable This watch is supremely comfortable, but too big to wear with long sleeve dress shirts.  Perfect for what I bought it for, and UNLV Rebel colors to boot!  If reliability lives up, I would rate it 5 stars.
B0089TJ2QM nice style at a decent price i like it; looks good and fits my wrist just right; i have a small wrist so I need bands that can adjust quite a bit to not be lose in my wrist.
B0089TJ2QM sweet my wife really loves her birthday present!...it is sleek and elegant but kinda sporty like she is so it really fits her well...thumbs up
B008A6488Q LOVE THEM As part of the line of my new signature shoes, I can't say enough good about these.  They are absolutely awesome, comfortable & a dream on a swollen, pregnant foot.  Think of these as the yoga pants of your feet!
B008A64J6M I wanted them so bad but they hurt all the time because of the elastic I saw them @ one of my Cruises for 3 times what I got them for. When I was able to get them on Amazon.com, I was so amazed that I could get them so cheap that I bought them in 2 colors, but when I finally got them, I can't get to fit them right, they hurt and feel so tight, that I can't get over it...I am so sad...but I will continue wearing them to break them in. The top elastic is what makes them to be uncomfortable. So sad. :(
B008A64X0Y great work shoe I bought this for a comfortable work shoe. I need to wear dress clothes at work but am on my feet all day long.  This was perfect.  It's really comfortable yet stylish.
B008A64X0Y Great Work Ballet Flat I would like just a tad more cushion, but for the money, these are a fantastic little work flat.  I highly recommend them.
B008A6BA64 Cute! Super cute, great with a casual summer dress.  They will take a little while to break in - be prepared for some heel blisters and have a couple band aids ready the first couple time you wear them.
B008A6BA64 Man, These Are the Best These shoes are so comfortable and they look great on!  I'm going on a trip and these will be perfect... for the plane ride... I needed shoes that could handle a lot of expected walking... AND look cute at the music festival... AND look great with a dress... and these ballerina style pumas are perfect.  I even wore them to work on Jean-Friday and got compliments ALL DAY from BOTH sexes... That's what I'M TALKING about!  I'm buying them in every color :-)
B008A6BA64 Looking forward to giving them a real workout in Italy next month. I was looking for a good comfortable walking show for my trip to Italy next month and these really seem to fit the bill. Comfortable, supportive, cool, lightweight, and stylish.
B008A6BB9U Great sneakers It was a gift for my daughter, she loved them. She doesn't take them off. She uses them everyday. Thanks
B008A6BB9U Very comfy shoe Very comfortable shoe for a woman with wide feet like myself, however they are extremely slippery if they get even slightly wet so proceed with caution otherwise you will take a nasty spill. I wore them for a very long day site seeing around NYC without any pain or discomfort . If you need to clean them you can hose them down and they dry fairly quickly. I would definitely recommend these shoes, however as I stated before beware any wet or slick surfaces or you will be sliding.
B008A6BB9U Affordable stylish shoe! These shoes are super comfortable and very stylish. I received a lot of compliments when I wore them out for a hike with my friends. Highly recommended!
B008A6BB9U comfortable Puma is going to be one of my favorite shoes to wear this summer....these shoes made me feel like I was walking on clouds....but after several hours in them, my foot started to hurt....they only need a little more support...but other than that....I would recommend this shoe to family and friends....plus the price was excellent....im going to keep ordering PUMA's different styles and colors.....Amazon.com keep prices right...I will be ordering until I cant order no more.....thanks again...N...Watson.
B008A6BLMW PUMA Woman's Madeira Fashion Sneaker I love the fit and comfort of this sneaker and the platform is a perfect size. I gave it a four star rating due to my preferences - the hot pink and black is nice but it doesn't go with everything. I would buy more of them if they came in solid colors, I.e., all black, all white, all bone, all red, etc. I bought the black and hot pink ones and I will be changing the hot pink shoe laces to black.
B008A6BLMW Love these sneakers! First day I wore these I walked a lot and had them on for about six hours, and they were super comfy. I had been looking for open toe sneakers for quite some time - I hate having my feet all closed up. A big plus: the little platform lifts me up a bit as I am only 5'3&#34;, but the heel is not too exaggerated. And I got compliments too! I usually wear a size 7-1/2 and that is what I ordered.The quality is great! These are perfect!
B008A6BPJQ Wowowow greattttt look!!! My wife was crazy when she opened the box!! great surprise!!Pretty cool colours and fantastic look!! Pure fashion!! I thinkI`ll have to order another ones!!!!!
B008A6BPJQ style & comfort I ordered them for an upcoming trip to Europe to pack light- to reduce the amount of shoes I take (I wanted comfortable and cute). These shoes are even cuter or at least just as cute as in the photos, as well as amazingly comfortable. I got them in yellow, since this goes well with the colors I wear, but it is tempting to get multiple pairs in different colors. My feet are not wide, for someone with wider feet they could be tight in the front...
B008A6BPJQ Comfy It's really comfy to walk in. I even bring these to my trip to the jungle. Received compliments from friends too.
B008A6C4RS BEAUTIFUL SNEAKER IF YOU COULD CALL A SNEAKER &#34;BEAUTIFUL&#34; THEN THIS IS THE ONE.  RICH NAVY BLUE/PART PATENT LEATHER MAKE IT SNAZZY!!
B008A6C4RS Truth Because they slide off my feet a little and they requires me to wear thick socks and they should haft to be thick
B008A6C4RS Five Stars Perfect
B008A6CBUI PUMA!!! What can i say i like PUMA!!! Now what else to type to fill the area up hmm i am done!!
B008A6CIL0 Christmas day They are comfortable and lite weight a Christmas gift for my daughter the right colors and they were affordable thank you
B008A6CIL0 Perfect battle red! These shoes are exactly what I was looking for! They look super cute with my Texans jersey and they even match my old school Oilers gear!  They're lightweight and very comfy!
B008A6CIL0 This is a gift for My friend This is for my friend's child, she liked the color, size is also very suitable to wear very comfortable, she was very pleased.
B008A6COO6 Comfortable & Cute I bought these sneakers for walking in the city from the train to the office. I was looking for black, cute, and comfortable and that is what I got. And it was super affordable. I usually look to PUMA first when buying non-running sneakers and once again i am satisfied.
B008A6COO6 Great shoes Buy it half size larger. I will not use them for running if you are a serious runner, but it's great casual outfit.It's very easy to put on and take off.
B008A6COO6 Very impressed Puma is very popular in Europe. I bought it as present for my family member. She absolutly loves it. Fits perfect. I bought half size up, just for any case. She said it is good, because her feet are wide.
B008A6COO6 Very satasfied I got these in a hurry, but they were a great purchase, I wear them everyday for jogging and exercise, they're light and elegant
B008A6JOWQ Perfect I have just received them and i found them very comfortable, i will start using them the next time i go to the gim
B008A6JOWQ Great sneaker for the gym! I am very pleased with this sneaker.  Very comfortable and great for workouts at the gym.  Lightweight, too!  Its fun to look at, also, when you're on the floor doing ab work.
B008A6JSFE Great summer sneakers!! I am not a fan of wearing sneakers without socks but I tried these on at DSW, loved them AND amazon had them for $15 cheaper! I was going to save them for our Disney trip in a couple weeks but decided to wear them mini golfing / go carting with the kids yesterday and they were still Incredibly comfortable and the mesh keeps your feet as cool as a sandal would - great sneakers!
B008A6JWU0 Excellent article overall I bought this shoes to my girfriend and she it's in love with it. She want to buy other in different colors.She says that are so comfortable, resistances, and cute, etc.
B008A6JWU0 cute shoes! These shoes are very cute and stylish! I love how they look. I would give it five stars if it was a little more durable. They are very light and thin and would not preform well for working out or any physical activity but if you are looking for a cute shoe to run errands in then this is perfect. They are a little snug so you may want to go a little bigger like others have mentioned on here.
B008A6JWU0 Love them! They are light weight, hug the feet and comfortable! I am glad I made the purchase! I will be wearing them to the Breast Cancer Walk!
B008A6JWU0 these shoes are amaze balls Money talks, but it can't sing and dance and out don't walk...and I would rather have you here with me. I'd like to be.-Reverend BlueJeans
B008A6JWU0 Red ! I ordered red one 7.5They are pretty lightweight but.the medial arch support is missing and the bottom is very narrow (especially towards the inner side)5 stars for appearance and design3 stars for comfort
B008A6JZG6 HIt with the Kid! My daughter loves her new running show.  It fits like a glove, air vents are fantastic and light weight for a faster run.  She would wear them to the pool if she could.
B008A6JZG6 SOoo happy i am in love with my puma shose i always wear puma shose and every time better than befor BUT this one is really really GOOD it's SO light and comfey.i recomend it to every one.
B008A6KHRC Great! I just have a minor issue with the left heel. It digs into the back. Ouch. Working on stretching that out though, and what else can you do with internet shoes? :) Otherwise they are great. super light. small, good grip on the slippery gym floor. All is well.
B008A6KHRC Sat high around the ankles Great looking lightweight running shoe (they do run about 1/2 size small) but they sat very high around my ankles and I experienced some rubbing and redness on the back of my ankles just from walking around the house. I haven't exp. this before with any other pumas (all I wear). They would have killed me after a run. Had to return.
B008A6KHRC Love them I bought these for a exercise class and they have been great, not slippery on the wood floor, comfortable and would recommend them to others.
B008A6KTKC So glad I picked these I've been needing new shoes for work but I'm pretty picky about it.  After being disappointed with local stores I decided to check out what amazon had to offer.  I compared a couple choices but a review I read on these shoes helped me narrow down my choices.  Someone said that they also work on hard concrete floors all day and that they liked these shoes.  Great recommendation!  I'm so glad I decided to give them a try.  They are even more comfortable than the last pair of work shoes I got.
B008A6KTKC Cute I ordered a 81/2 but I could of went with a 8. I have a little room but nothing that hinders me from wearing them. I guess I have to get use to them, my feet did feel a little hot after I worked out in them. But it could of been my socks because I went thicker due to the little extra space I had in.. Overall they are cute and comfy. Will proabably wear them as an everyday sneaker instaed of crossfit.
B008A6KTKC Fits amazing It's perfect fit. They were a little expensive but well worth the price. I also like the blue. its pretty.
B008A6KTKC LOVE these. These shoes are SO comfortable. They really do &#34;breathe&#34; as advertised. My feet don't get sore at ALL and I do all kinds of work outs. Cardio, aerobics, lifting, and more. I want more pairs just for more colors. ;)
B008A6KTKC Painful I bought these for work as I walk about 12 miles a day just from 7 to 4. I loved the looks, and the initial feel. However, after 2 days of wear my feet hurt like crazy. I had to wear my old shoes for 3 days to undo the damage. I have always loved pumas and have never had a problem like this. I kept them just to wear for a day at a time outside of work, but they are no good for work or running...shoulda sent the suckers back...
B008A6KTKC Pumas!!! Really nice shoes... I'm happy to use them for my work outs and I'm loving the colors... Reflectors work nicely at night.
B008A6KTKC Love! Love puma!  These colors are vivid and gorgeous.  I get tons of compliments by men and women.  I use them for everyday wear and for a kickboxing class.  Not sure great for running but they do the trick for my needs
B008A6KTKC comfy with style one of my best sport shoe purchases In a long time.  either just to run errands or just for the gym.
B008A6KTKC good sneaker Very comfortable and light. I haven't run on them yet, but happy with them for weights and regular machine cardio for now
B008A6KTKC Changed design These are different from Voltaic 2's and 3's.  Notice the netted foot sock design...Not like the soft satin-like lining of the older models.  Also, the ankle depth seems more shallow so my heel slips out.  I like wearing these without socks so I am sadly going to have to send back.  I like the colors though!  The 10 women's in this model seems to run smaller...In the past, it seemed ok.  For you 10 gals out there..who don't want to go to a women's 11, try the men's 8.5 and you might be happier!  UPDATE:  I decided to give these a try and without socks...Took a little getting used to but I will be keeping these since the colors are awesome (cabaret/liberty blue).
B008A6KTKC Five Stars Excellent!
B008A6KTKC Puma Women's Voltaic 4 First - the picture makes it look like it is white mesh with pink - it's dark gray.  Second, it doesn't have a tongue therefore making it fit tight at the bridge of your foot.  Third - wearing socks with it looks funny unless you wear socks that won't show - because there is no tongue.  Would not purchase this style again.
B008A6KTKC Great so far! So comfy! I have PF and tend to have a lot of arch pain. I have not had any pain in wearing these! I have also not needed to put in special PF insoles that I normally need when working out. I have only been wearing them about a week consistently, will update review in a few months.
B008A6KTKC nice Me and my wife bought this shoes for my mother and she loves them. We are really happy about it
B008A6KTKC Comfy Shoe I was looking for a cross trainer for bootcamp classes.  I've never owned Puma's, saw these in a magazine thought I would try them.  They are a little snug in the toe, but I put on thinner socks and wore them all day and my feet were comfortable.  can't wait to get them into the gym.
B008A6KTKC I love the look and style but....... I could not get my foot in with the tong that is attached to the side of the sneaker.  I tried pulling it and struggling with it... I am 65 years old and can't struggle just to put them on... If the tong were separate from the sneaker I think they may have gotten in... but I was not going to get a bigger size then i have another issue.&#34;to big&#34;Let me know when that style of tong changes!!
B008A6KTKC Heel slips This shoe felt great except when I walked or ran.  The heels slipped every time, no matter how tightly I laced them.  And the size was perfect, not too wide, not too long, etc. It's too bad.  I really liked them.  I returned them.
B008A6KTKC Really like them, but don't work for my intended purpose I really like this sneaker. They are comfortable and I love the look (color). You definitely stand out in a crowd when wearing these. When I first tried them on I was skeptical about the elastic top but now that I have worn them a few times it is fine. They fit well. I can't say how long they will last since I have only had them a couple weeks. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I had read a review where they were supposedly great to wear on concrete floors. I bought these for that purpose. I am on concrete floors 8+ hours a day and a lot of shoes hurt my feet. For me, these sneakers didn't solve that problem. They are better than a lot of sneakers I have tried, but believe it or not, the best I've tried were Sketchers Shape Ups. I suppose I will use these sneakers for another purpose and invest in some more Sketchers. But otherwise, I am happy with them!
B008A6KTKC Love them!!!! I have had pumas in the past and loved them, so I decided to try these. My other ones ran small, so I automatically ordered a half size bigger than what I normally wear. These have a wider toe bed compared to my other ones, and I find them to be very comfortable!!  I work in the medical field and am on my feet all day. These are comfortable all day long! The colors are bright, so if you don't want them to be noticed they are not for you! I have received many compliments, and a few &#34; wow, your shoes are bright&#34;. Very pleased with my purchase! I may just have to order another pair in different colors!! Thanks amazon, for another great, smooth purchase!
B008A6KTKC Fabulous I Love these Puma... They feel great an I love the colors. Can't wait to order some more for my boyfriend an I
B008A6KTKC Weird sizing. I ordered these and the sizing was terribly off. This was an attempt to buy shoes online and it just reminded me I am better off trying in store. Nice colors, but didn't feel good or fit right.
B008A6KTKC excellent confort some friend recommend this cross training , are very light and  the most i like is the Removable ecoOrtholite sockliner
B008A6KTKC Beautiful design! I bought this sneaker for a cruise to the Grand Turks. They held up perfectly in the heat and sand and water! Comfortable and breathable!
B008A6KTKC Not for high arches! I have very high arches and the way the tounge is designed, I literally couldn't even get my foot in the shoe! Completely bummed, returning them immediately. Very cute though for people with normal/low arches.
B008A6KTKC LOVED IT LOVED THE COLORS AND THE FIX WAS ALMOST PERFECT. NEXT TIME I WILL ORDER A HALF SIZE LARGER. BUT OVER ALL LOVED IT.
B008A6KTKC perfect work out shoes As soon as I put on these shoes I knew they were perfect they are wide and no working in necessary. I just love them. Super comfortable and very stylish. thank you amazon and puma!
B008A6KTKC Fun sneaker! These are such fun sneakers! They are somewhat comfy. I would suggest wearing a thin sock or no sock due to the inlay of mesh.
B008A6KTKC Great Looking and Comfortable to wear at the gym Really love these shoes for my workouts at the gym.  The shoe fits comfortably snug and provides great balance when working out on cardio machines (stair master & elliptical) or when lifting weights.  Plus they look great!  The colors pop!
B008A6KTKC Five Stars great
B008A6KTKC Hard to put on The shoes looked just like ordered; quick too.  I didn't realized there was no toung, it's all one piece. I have a high instep which made this very hard to put my foot in, even with laces loose. The sole is very stiff and not flexible, which can be good depending on what you are doing.However, they are very cute and lightweight.
B008A6KTKC Amazing! As soon as I opened the box, I fell in LOVE with these!  The colors are very true to the photo shown and they seem to be very well made (as with most Puma products).  Normally I have a break in period for new shoes, but these felt great right out of the box.  One thing that I didn't notice in the photos that I love is that instead of having a &#34;tongue&#34; like a normal shoes, these have mesh that go around your foot, similar to water shoes.  You could probably get away with taking the laces off if you're a slide-on, slide-off person.  The box came with a red re-usable cloth bag over the top that my 6 year old snatched up right away... I only had time to read a little of the eco-friendly message that was on it, but I'm very happy to see that big brands like Puma are putting some thought into eco-friendly products!  I can tell these will last me a good while and I love how comfy they are.  If only I didn't have to wear business attire to work... I would live in these!
B008A6KTKC Good Buy Very precise, what you see is what you get in terms of style, lovely colour. The fit was a bit too close for me and the first few use was somewhat painful but now it feel good. Not a bad buy though.
B008A6KTKC Great service I love these shoes!! They are the most comfortable Pumas ever!!! Fast shipping too, I will definitely buy these again in the future.
B008A6KTKC Perfect Love the colors!!! Love the style!!!! They are very comfortable!!! The price was great!!!! The shoes are perfect for me!!!!!
B008A6KTKC Lovely These came in in decent time.  They fit nicely and are comfortable.  The bright pink and black color is lovely and I enjoy wearing them.  They are a little more stiff than something I would like to run in, but I got them for the weight room so it works quite well.
B008A6KTKC Love my pumas Love the feel and fit so comfortable love the colors, I have always loved pumas but live them more with all the New designs and styles they're AWESOME
B008A6KTKC difficult to put on I like the color and shape of the shoes but find them very difficult to get on. I may need to spend more time trying to make putting them simpler but I think shoes shouldn't be that difficult
B008A6KTKC Puma tennis shoes great buy I just loved this tennis shoes.  It's very comfortable to wear on to walk and dance.  Also it's very light weight which helps a lot when you are doing any activities that requires fast movements like dancing.  I am definitely very happy with my new Puma tennis shoes.  I do recommend it is a good buy, it's worthy to have  those Tennis shoes.
B008A6KTKC great shoes for working a fast pace job. fits great except across top of foot toward toes. comfortable other than that. Took getting used to having to slide my feet into them, not good for old lady feet. LOL other than those two things I would buy again. Thank you for your great service.
B008A6KTKC Uterine Cancer Awareness Bought these for my daughter to represent and bring awareness to Uterine Cancer!  They did the trick as she ran a 5K Cancer Run with our Team T-Shirt (black and peach)!
B008A6KTKC Runs a little small, cheaply made Although they were a little tight, they are very comfortable once broken in. I would recommend buying a 1/2 size bigger, than you would normally wear.Update: bought these shoes, three months ago, and they are falling apart. Contacted seller and I was told they could not do anything for me because, the shoes have been worn. Duh!!! I expected for what I paid for these for them to last more than three months. The rubber is coming loose from the mesh in the toe area. Looks like it was just glued together. The mesh has also ripped in the toe area.Like I said, cheaply made. Would not recommend to anybody, unless you buy in a department store where they can be tried on, and if they do tear up, most department stores will take them back. Or at least trade them for another pair.
B008A6KTKC Very comfortable I have been buying Puma sneakers for a long time. They are stylish, very comfortable and run true to size.  I use them for running and cross training.  The color is bright but it will be good for spring and summer.
B008A6KTKC Daughter loves these shoes Shoes are exactly what she wanted. After hours of visiting every shoe store near our area with no luck, we finally found these.
B008A6KTKC awesome and stylish Fits great and awesome style! Love showing them off. Check out all the pumas they have crazy colors! Very comfortable!
B008A6KTKC Great Sneaker I recently began working out, after rehabbing a fractured ankle and after buying two other shoes the third one was the charm, this is a comfortable, light weight running shoe, not to mention they are super sleek and sexy!!!
B008A6KTKC Awesome pumas I love the shoes. They were a little big but that was my fault for ordering too big . Still they're beautiful
B008A6KTKC Great colors The color is as bright and contrasting as it appeared in photos.  I noticed some reviews indicated the &#34;attached tongue&#34; as a negative but it isn't for me ~ no sideways tongue to deal with.  They are a comfortable shoe - I do miles of walking in them.  I have gotten many compliments on the shoes - they do attract attention because of the bright colors.
B008A6KTKC I get tons of compliments These shoes are so cute.  Unfortunately they were not comfortable when I first put them on so it took some breaking in before they were comfortable.  I don't use them for working out, rather to wear with jeans when I want to be casual.  I always get a ton of compliments on them b/c the colors are so vibrant and fun.  I may try to work out in them over the coming weeks so fingers crossed they are good for that!!
B008A6KTKC PUMA Brand Looks good and feels good.  I like the PUMA brand as it speaks to what I need in terms of trainers.
B008A6KTKC Great Product It was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. ThanksIt was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. ThanksIt was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. Thanks
B008A6KTKC Comfortable These sneakers are very comfortable and looks just as shown! Te colors are bright and stand out when jogging at night.
B008A6KTKC Love them! They are bright, comfy, and feel good to wear all day. I'm on my feet all day in a factory & they are very comfortable.
B008A6KTKC LOVE LOVE LOVE Love them they are so comfortable!!!! They are way better than I expected, kinda weird with a sick but well worth it!!!
B008A6PN1C Not the same material as older versions I own I got these to add to my collection of the same basic flip puma makes but instead of r soft matte material'ish feel of the older ones for foam these r slipperiest and shinier which makes walking and sweating not as good. Still comfy but wish they didnt change the foam
B008A6QIV6 Nice shoes I bought these for my wife and she just loves them. They are very comfortable and they are great since shes a doctor who has to walk all day long.
B008A6YAFW nice` great style.. fits perfect.. i love it. only wish it was a little cheaper so i could have bought a few more :-D
B008A6YAFW My nephew is a cutie I got these for my teen nephew. They are very unique actually quite beautiful. They looked much better than the photo,very expensive looking. I got him a chocolate Levi's t shirt with red writing and Levi's shorts to go with them. The smile on his face was worth it! He said he got compliments from the girls(thats all that matters)LOL
B008A6YAFW Great choice Excellent lived up to my expectations and beyond . My supporters love them also . I am now going to try to get other colors
B008A6YAFW Nice design, but the yellow part doesn't seem to look exact color in the picture. Pros: look great and stylist, might last at least 1 year.Cons: ugly when you tied it, and if you hide the shoes laces it is doesn't stay in your feet when you walk.Other Thoughts:  My feet is kinda fat ( somewhat not long but the width is wide), so if you have that kind of legs, order one size larger than yours.
B008A6YAFW Stylish shoes, wish they would breathe better Love how they look, get lots of compliments.  Stylish, casual shoes, the red band is eye catching. Wish they would breathe better and were a bit lighter.
B008A6YCRI very comfortable great price, great fit.i wear these while playing professional xball.work well on grass, and on turf. would buy again.
B008A6YCRI nice cleats My daughter loves these. I am expecting better handling and more &#34;breathing&#34;. They look like they will hold up well. Definitely give these a thumbs up.
B008A6YCRI not ideal The sizing has a (M) next to it, which made me believe they were in men's sizes... they aren't (which would make sense since they are women's shoes, but why the M?) Needless to say, I was surprised to receive my cleats in a women's size. Oh well, not the end of the world since they were so cheap.
B008A6YCRI great for my cousin who was looking for comfortable brand name affordable shoes for soccer at school.  she loved them, will highly recommend to others.
B008A6YFQQ Wonderful Cleats! I got these for ultimate frisbee, and they've been great!  I am a student and thus on a VERY tight budget - these were affordable and have served me well. I'd definitely recommend them!!
B008A6YFQQ ... around the front of the foot than I would've liked, but over all they serve they're purpose pretty ... They're a little bit thinner around the front of the foot than I would've liked, but over all they serve they're purpose pretty well. If you're looking for really comfortable cleats they are not these, the padding is nearly nonexistent, but they do make it easy to keep your footing.
B008A6YFQQ My daughter absolutely loves these I bought these for my daughter to play field hockey. They look great and would fit great if she wore normal socks. They wear big thick socks over the shinguards and I would order another half-size up
B008A6YIFO AMAZING works well is very nice my daughter plays with them for every game and won the mini championshispd in them! hey make her 100% better
B008A6YJDU love them so i star soccer on monday and i got them on time i love them so much best school i ever had and got them in a good prize :) im happy with my cleats !!!!
B008A6YJDU perfect this is a great product, perfect for the price, it is brand name and exactly what we were looking for.
B008A6YRP0 Daughter Loves Them My daughter was looking for lighter cleats to help her speed on the field.  These shoes fit the bill and according to her are so comfortable it's like she's not wearing anything.  Easy to clean up when they get dirty and so far they've held up pretty well through bi-weekly practices and tournaments.  Her favorite thing is the color combination which matches her team colors exactly.
B008A6YSR2 Love them! I ordered these cleats for my 10 year old Daughter. She is in love with them. Says they are very comfortable. The shipping was very fast. Definitely will order from this company again.
B008A6YSR2 Great Great value and fits well. The colors are bright and fun.  Very comfortable and the laces are stretchy.  Laces are a little long but I double/triple knot as needed.
B008A6YSR2 Fits but kind of hurts Bought these for rugby, bad choice, they run a little small and the back hurts, also narrow at the front but after wetting them a couple of times and softening them, they became better. Good for soccer or something, but not heavy duty game like rugby
B008A6YU02 Love these for indoor soccer I had never had soccer shoes before, I had just been using old running shoes. I loved that these were colorful and I could wear them whenever I don't play soccer. They were comfortable during games, fit as specified, and I had no issues with them at all. Love them!
B008A6Z2KE wears quickly the size is ok but it took few months to totally wear out. I didnt expect that Puma it might be the last time because it is the 2nd time to happen
B008A6Z2KE Perfect! Love them!
B008A6Z2KE awesome shoes! We bought these for our son off of his Amazon Wish List, and they were a big hit. They come in a really stylish and impressive red canvas bag which is a cool presentation. They fit him perfectly and he loves them. The first thing he did was take a picture of his feet and post it on Facebook, and he's a grown man! So glad we chose them, they were a big hit!
B008A6Z2KE Comfortable These shoes look great and are comfortable for me throughout an entire day. I have to stand for hours at a time and they feel great on my feet
B008A77PNA I like. Are excited by purchasing the product. Look good and are comfortable to wear. I consider it a very good purchase that I did.
B008A77PNA Sick shoes Awesome, sick stylish, comfy the perf looks cool and keeps ur feet cooler then other shoes too, and cuz of that they bend easy at the top of the foot so strait out the box they're good to go with no brake in period, for the money they r just a strait deal
B008A77TYK Four Stars Good
B008A77TYK LOOK NICE Love these shoes. Get many compliments when I go out with friends! Go great with dark jeans! Nice and comfortable as well
B008AH398A Cute warmups for toddlers! I love this warmup set for my daughter...color is pretty accurate on-screen; is more of a violet-pink color (read: a lighter shade of the &#34;magenta&#34; from the Crayola box) than a bright pink. It's just cozy and warm enough for cooler spring nights. When it gets too warm for the whole set, I hope to at least use the jacket or pants by themselves! I will note that I'm on my second order of this set - the first one that was sent to me ended up with a hole in the rear after the first wash (she hadn't even worn it yet, since I wash her clothes before she wears them). Amazon customer service (I used the online chat) was great about the return, even shipped the replacement set the following morning without even having my damaged one returned yet!
B008AH398A Functional but not very fashionable This kept my 4 year old warm but I wish it had more girly features - like ruffles or something else.
B008AH398A Sporty This set is exactly what it should be. It is well constructed and is exactly what a sports outfit should be.j
B008AH39YE Great Product The product was great and came on time for my class.The kids enjoyed the outfit, thanks again. Love it.
B008AHA8A2 So sporty My son looks so sporty in this outfit.  It fits him great and everyone compliments him on his sporty fashion sense.
B008AHA8A2 My son looks like a Sicilian mobster I bought this for my 12 month old son.  He looks great in it.  The ladies at daycare love it, they call him Hugh Heftner.  I think he looks more like an Sicilian on vacation, especially when i add a gold chain to it.  Gotta get some matching kicks too!
B008AHA8A2 Soff and cute Purchased for my grand-son who lives in Nashville, not to hot, not too cold, daughter loves it she said it is suitable for all around weather condition there and she loves it.  She also said it is soft and durable.  I havent actually seen it but she loves It I live in WI
B008AHIV9M giant I don't know what 2-7 these are for but they are more like 12. would not rec. and would have sent back but not worth it.
B008AILF9Y great color, light shoe but too large I usually take a size 9 shoe, this one had about 3/4 of an inch to an inch too long for a nine.  Also, the fit in the width was a little sloppy even with wearing summer sport socks. Since the inner sole/footbed is a rubberized material, the foot may sweat (like a pair of my summer crocs do) in the summer heat.  The cushioning and the somewhat pebbled texture of that rubberized insole is fine, as is the inside of the top and sides.  I chose to return them instead of trying a smaller size, since an 8.5 was not available; only an 8.0.
B008AILF9Y Great Sneaker The PUMA RS200 Lite Fashion Sneaker are amazing!!!Super Confortable.Walk with the PUMA RS200 is the best for my foot.
B008AILK7Q Great boat/water shoe I took these fancy kicks to Key west and did some flats fishing. They are very comfortable and now prefer these over my Sperrys. They also look great roaming around the streets. Just remember your feet will get dirty from the open holes and if your dry try to not step in any puddles.
B008AILK7Q Light and cool, but not soft enough inside I bought them looking for comfortable shoes due to foot pain. They are soft, but not a good option if you have to walk a lot or go uphill and inside they are not soft enough for a shoe, it is impossible to me to thing about use them without socks!
B008AILQJI Good looks, but not very comfortable These Pumas are not as comfortable as other Pumas I've had (for instance Suede). So anyway, I think the shoes look good, but it is not very please to walk with them.
B008AILQJI Got for ~ 20$ I am glad I got theses for a decent price. I like how light the shoes feel on my feet like they are nearly weightless. Maybe its just me but I think the soles on certain flat surfaces make weird noises. I would really enjoy them more if they didn't have that issue.
B008AILQJI Noisy, hard, overall good. They make a lot of noise, like walking on a thousand mini suction cups; people tend to look down to see what's happening. I liked them though, they are extremely light, but tend to be hard on the back of your ankle (Band-aids sometimes needed)
B008AILQJI Grandson's Favorite Shoes Our grandson opened these with excitement. He put them on immediately and wore them the rest of the day. He is a freshman in college.
B008AILZZI Good but be careful with sizes they are Good but you need to be careful with sizes, just because i am 9D us and i have to buy a 10,5 d for they fit perfect. thy're so softly and this puma design like everythin of puma...so good
B008AJ5B4S GREAT MATERIAL I JUST GOR THIS PUMA TO PLAY ON A FAKE GRASS AND THEY ARE GREAT AND REALLY LIGHT TO RUN ON THEM.
B008AJ5B4S It is decent Good comfort with a closer feel to the ground to get more grip on the ball and helps with not slipping. Just be cautious with the terrain you are playing in, can really rub away.
B008AJ5B4S Nice Shoes I liked it, the size is great, reached me on time, light and not heavy .I recommnd it very much
B008AJLUG6 Great colors I like the colors of these socks.  I wear a sign 8.5 and they are a little short and go below the back of the tennis shoes at times.  Wash very well.
B008AJLUG6 She loves these &#34;FANTASTIC! BEST SOCKS EVER!FIT PERFECTLY AND VERY WARM WITHOUT BEING SUPER THICK&#34;Will buy again when she needs some fresh pairs
B008AJLUG6 These are not cotton socks. The description on the website states that the socks are 80% cotton, however the actual socks I received only 28% cotton. The rest of the materials are polyester and spandex. Some people may not care but I was specifically shopping for socks with high cotton content, so I'm sending these back.
B008AJLUG6 Great! The product looked great, nothing was wrong with it and it was in original packaging and not damaged. No complaints!
B008AJOHXO great show Great shoe but the from paint coating rubs of rather quickly, other than that the product is quite great product
B008AJYYCI nice and good comfortable I have nothing to say. if you wanted ???? so don't thing more..... very perfect to my leg and flexible
B008AJZ5OO I love it It doe fits very well. It is like in the pictures; so pretty and so classy.it is so comfortable.
B008AJZ5OO Look at it. Need I say more? I'm a Louisville Cardinal fan so I like black with red trim. But once I saw these, I said; &#34;that will do&#34;. Puma has super gear and good prices.
B008AJZ5OO Great item: Amazing fashion look so sporty and you can wear them with shorts, jeans, puma sport pants and combo jacket Puma or Express.
B008AJZ5OO WOW DISCLAIMER:  This review is bias towards Puma. First Of all, 90% Of My footwear is Puma. They should Make a motion picture about The story Of This two brothers, Rudolph and Adolf (Adi, The founder Of Adidas) Two Germ&aacute;n brothers who start a shoe Company in The 1920's One joins The war and rumors Claim he Was a Wafen SS Member,The other like everyone else is forc&eacute; to convert his Company into a combat boot manufacturer for The Nazis. At The end Of The war both brothers ar&eacute; at odds WITH each other about their roles in The war that They split The Company and form two companies, Puma, Adidas. I Love Pumas for their slick slipper like design. Just sitting in My closet They look like They ar&eacute; running LOL in My opini&oacute;n They ar&eacute; The best looking sport Shoes in The market. Bias Or not THE BEST BUY.
B008AJZ5OO Request. Please put the "PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big SF NM Fashion Sneaker" in an 8.5 US size. I REALLY WANT THEM! Thank you.
B008AJZBG6 Perfect They're original. I brought them to Europe and it's hard to find similar ones. Looks and wear great. Just love them.
B008AJZI5K awesome look Like that style and its material. Dont know whats wrong but shoe size is somewhat smaller than all other sneakers that I have.Only good for few hours use, If I use this for long period of time (more than 3-4 hrs or walking fast or make some movement) i can  feel it kicking in my toe. Quite annoyed.  was going to return however love that outlook so keep it for some event. not recommend for daily use.
B008AK6Q8C .. Can't complain they were perfect . Now need to get the rest of the family pumas. See what other styles are out
B008AK6Q8C my favorite everything arrived in good condition thank you very much continue to work wellthis was my best productmy favorite
B008AK6Q8C Comfy I recommend to anyone who wants a every day shoes to walk with or to just wear for walking, really comfy
B008AKOFGW Beautiful Shoes Beautiful Shoes. Order a larger number. My waist is 10.5 and 11.5 was the best purchase decision. They are lightweight and flexible.
B008AKOFGW Love it My husband just loves them.very light weight and comfortable.. Would recommend this product to all males. This is absolutely a fantastic shoe.
B008AL2UCC Little different than what I expected. The shoe actually looked a lot longer and more skinny than it did on the picture. But I have no complaints. It fits well on my feet and it is pretty comfortable. Sole is pretty thin so may want to get a different sole to be more comfortable if you have flat feet or something.
B008AL2UCC They are very comfortable This shoes are very beautiful, good material, the design is excellent, wear it with whatever cloths, It was a good purchase
B008AL33QE Awesome Just awesome to wear
B008AL33QE excellent everything arrived in good condition thank you very much continue to work wellvery good shoes, practical and modern :)
B008AL33QE it pays to pay No matter what puma I buy they are always the best comfortable from the get go no need to break in
B008AL36G6 Puma Mens Jiya Sneaker This is a great looking shoe. It fitted OK, but it would be good if it was available in a wider fitting. I purchased another similar Puma shoe, except it had a double strap. The problem with both styles is getting the velcro straps to sit flat. My right foot is slightly misshaped from an accident that I had many years ago, and the straps pucker badly and won't sit flat when fastened. Even with my left foot, which is a relatively normal shape, the velcro straps don't want to sit flat. I think I will look at something with laces.
B008AL36G6 Comfortable I can easily slip my feet in these shoes. Very comfortable and would definitely wear these instead of some flip flops.
B008AL36G6 Another Great Shoe from Puma. I had a total Hip Replacement a year or so ago and that makes tying shoelaces a real nuicsance, They not only cure that problem, They look great and fit like driving gloves.
B008AL3L0C OK OK
B008AL4BLU Puma fanatic I love Pumas, and how this shoe looks.  The only problem is the sole seems to be thin, so I feel everything I step on. I would give it a 5 star rating if it wasn't for that.
B008ALI936 Perfect to dress This Puma Fashion Sneaker is a very good product, fit perfect and look great and very conformtable to dress.I recommend 100% to buy.
B008ALI936 good This product looks very cool on your feet. My only problem is that they are to big.I use 11.5 but for this i believe its about 10.5! No huge problem, i will use this anyways.
B008ALI936 Excellent I really like these shoes and it fits as expected. It is a good purchase and I will buy more
B008ALI936 They did it again I love Puma sneakers casual and comfortable not made for any sports activities if you are looking to do anything besides look good in them.
B008ALI936 Comfortable and Puma made quality I like the shoes for the comfort, no break-in time, and classic look. Think the classic mat shoe for a dojo. Comfortable, easy to move your foot in. The only down to them is they are so bright white and tough to keep pretty pretty.
B008ALI936 Fits nice material isn't the best They dont seem like they're going to last long. The swing of the brand strips to the shoe are ripping off.
B008ALI936 great shoe! Perfect for a dressier sneaker, very comfortable! My husband loves them and plans to take the shoes on vacation to wear with slacks in the evening.
B008ALI936 Go up one whole size to ensure a proper fit. The sneaker is sleek, cute and is understated stylish with a real comfort for commuter traveling and a transferable wear appeal.  You can wear these with dress pants to work, to the gym or out with a pair a jeans.  I really do love these Black on Black sneaks.  They don't look large either.  Very very gooood!!!! &#60;3
B008ALI936 Great kicks Got the shoes quick and my husband loves them. So comfortable that he forget he has them on!!Def would purchase again.....
B008ALMBVM Bad product DO NOT BUY this product, it won't last. These boots fit perfectly and they are light and stylish but after only 5 games the sole on both cleats came unglued. Not sure how it happened but if you are going to spend money look for a different pair of pumas.However, Amazon did send me a refund.
B008ALMBVM Good for Wide Feet Finding boots for a wide forefoot is a nightmare.  These are a godsend.  They are as light as a feather, and they were relatively painless to break in.  Yes they're expensive, but in this case you get what you pay for.
B008ALMBVM Awesome shoe Light as a feather, fits like a glove or sock however you want to put it. Great grip and traction.
B008ALMBVM Not bad overall Arrived as expected, they look great. Still a little narrower than I was hoping for, hopefully they fit better after few weeks. They did have a small blemish on the outside of my left shoe about .250&#34; x 1&#34; inch long but I didn't mind so I wore them to my outdoor game. Felt good when striking the ball, another game this week then tournament this weekend. Hope they start to feel wider...
B008ALWBFS Excelente producto PUMA Men's Universal IT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,8 D US Excelente producto PUMA Men's Universal IT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,8 D US casi q juegan solo estos zapatos y mas nada
B008ALWBFS Good job!! Came exactly on time shoes fit very well and the most impressive thing was that they looked identical to the picture that was posted
B008ALWBFS AWESOME I love Puma shoes, most comfortable that I've found for long days @ the hospital but have a hard time finding my size. THANKS for the fast service.
B008ALWDZG Great recreational cleat No one should expect a 45 dollar cleat to excel at the D1 or professional level. However, the cleats fit well on my wide feet, are comfortable enough to walk around with for hours, and seem to grip the turf just the way I want them to. Bottom line, if you aren't in one of the two categories listed above, you should save your money and get these cleats.
B008ALWDZG son loves them My son is not &#34;flashy&#34; and was not interested in neon cleats for soccer. These are nice leather and understated but still cool.
B008ALWDZG Tournament I purchased these cleats before a tournament and they felt comfortable. Ive had these cleats for about a month now and they are great for the price.
B008ALWEDW Try you wouldn't cry In the begining, I was thinking it would be good enough, but after I put it on and play with it, I loved it exteremly. And I'm thinking to buy another one for my friend as a gift.
B008ALWY3W good looking shoe. Husband likes it.  He does not say too much but I got that out of him!  On time, nicely wrapped.
B008ALX6SO Good universal shoe for soccer Like others purchased this for coaching kids soccer. Is this a serious soccer shoe? No. Is it good for demonstrating moves, roaming the sidelines and having decent traction in the grass and dirt? Yes. Like other soccer shoes, the fit is tight so size up a bit if you purchase these and don't expect that these are comfortable all-day shoes. They are purpose-made for soccer and not for hanging out (like the Adidas Samba's for example).
B008ALX6SO Great for artificial turf Deeper cleats tend to hurt my feet when running around and playing sports. These have an even, flat feel with no pressure points that is nearly as comfortable as my every day shoes. They also give great traction in rain/snow on artificial turf. I don't use them for much else so I couldn't say how they might perform on other surfaces.
B008ALX6SO Phenomenal These are a very nice shoes, and I am very happy with them! Everything was as I expected before, and I can reccomend eeverybody who likes playing soccer!
B008ALX6SO GREAT I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR ME AND I LOVE IT. I FEEL SO HAPPY WHIT THIS PRODUCT IT WOKS PERFECTLY. I RECOMEND THIS ITEM IT CAME TO MY HOUSE ON TIME. GREAT SUPPORT. I AM 30 YEARS MY SIZE IS 9. IT FIXS PERFECTLY
B008ALX6SO Good Perfect i like the product good material this wath i want i love mi new shoes thanks soo much see you again
B008ALX6SO looks greats!! the size is perfect, i like the material and its safe for play soccer. and Puma always have a good prices.
B008ALX6SO Very soft and confortable It is a great soft shoe for high level players. Great for sintetic court... I realy recommned it for any type of court
B008ALX6SO Rcvd In Time for the Tournament I rcvd the shoes sooner than expected. They fit as advertised. They exceeded my expectations given that they don't have the classic &#34;cleat&#34; setup. I have occasion to play on dirt, grass and astroturf. The tournament had a combo of grass and dirt and my footing was never in question. Agai, I was slightly concerned about the cleat design, but I had zero problems with these. Would most definitely buy again.
B008ALX6SO Very nice shoe comfortable and lightweight and I expect to be using them for the next few years I would recomend them to young players
B008ALX6SO Really good Fits me well, looks pretty nice, also fair price. I scored in the first match with them. Really like them and recommend them to you.
B008ALX6SO perfict still exist I choose this rating bc puma is a great brand plus amazon did every thing in order to ensure great setvice. I scored 5 golas already hmm.Eather i am good soccer player or my puma cleats is good hmmm.
B008ALXEBS I wear these instead of my $200+ SLs I like these cleats. They are solid shoes, with a good touch. I've been wearing them alot instead of my Addidas F-30 Turf cleats, or my Puma 1.11SL + my Puma 1.12 SLs. These cleats are good solid buy. They are comfortable and don't look like they are about to tear (all my $200+ SuperLites are usually just glued together, these are glued and stitched). Common ball shots and passes are normal. Can place shots well, and slot passes through tight gaps. As for unusual shots or passes, my Tres-Dedos (striking the ball with the outside 3-toes of my right foot to get a good crescent moon swerve) has been more reliable than with any cleats I've owned for the last 2 or 3 years, but not as wildly physics defying as with my puma 2.10(i) from a few years back. Ok, need to rap this up before I start getting all sentimental and telling stories of the awesome things done with shoes past. I like these and recommend them for everyday wear and for soccer anywhere. Big selling point, I can wear them anywhere, and get in a game anytme, anywhere.
B008ALXEBS Nice "Boots" For a Nice Price Bought the Puma soccer &#34;boots&#34; for my son, now he uses them everyday after school and he says he's loving them.
B008ALXEBS Solid Shoe In a world of some really terrible turf/training shoes, these are pretty solid. 2 months in, and they are very solid with a great touch.
B008ALXU2Q Good for futbol Been using boots all my life, different brands and all and Puma is one of my favorites, if not the favorites. It has the special curve downwards that make the kick closer to the ground and better control of the ball. No wonder Maradona always used them.
B008ALXU2Q Great cleats I liked these cleats. They fit true to size. I would recommend buying these cleats. T hey were exactly as described
B008ALXU2Q eh...  not overly impressed They fit a bit small, so order a 1/2 size up.  Also, I haven't broken them in yet so that is something to consider.  One thing worth mentioning, one shoe almost feels as if the sole is crooked.  It feels like your foot is falling to the side of the spikes.  I haven't had a chance to fully use these yet however.  All in all, I can't recommend purchasing these based on initial impressions.
B008ALXVMK Nice boots Great light boots. They also have a good touch on the ball too. My only complaint is the way they cold at the top of the foot near the lacing can rub a blister on your toe knuckles. I'd probably run some tape round the middle three toes till the boots are properly broken in. Also, you could wear thicker socks... Other than that , good price am solid light weight boots.
B008ALXVMK Amazing Cleats, Fit Like a Dream I don't think I've ever had cleats fit as well as these do. Ordered my size and was extremely happy with them. They perform superbly and are durable. Puma switched from k-leather to calf-skin leather to cut costs, but don't let that scare you. You won't likely notice a difference in performance or durability, and you'll save quite a lot of money over comparable cleats. These are high end cleats at a mid-level price.
B008ALXVMK Move over Copa Mundials, The Puma King is my new shoe I wore Copa Mundials for years and decided to try something new and am glad I did.  The fit is similar to the Copas but I like the stud pattern better and I feel like I get a more solid hit on the ball with the Pumas.
B008ALXVMK These have been great for my son So hard to find soccer cleats in a size 14 in stores let alone online. These have been great for my son. We bought 2 pairs and he rotates them so they last a bit longer.
B008ALY0ZM some what small i do like my shoes just wanted to see if we can swap them but at  the website it said they didn't have it on stock, that's the only thing I didn't like, other than that, I thought it was going to be easy to swap, but so far no answer
B008ALY0ZM Dig these Love the look of these! Got them primarily because of the colors - Colombia! But they are comfortable and well made too. Overall very happy with this purchase.
B008ALY0ZM Great soccer turf shoe Bought these for our 10 yr old daughter for winter indoor league and these have been the best ones we have purchased.  To a point were she wears them to school as well.  True to size...
B008ALYJQW Good for the price I have never owned cleats before, so I didn't/don't know what I'm fully getting in to.  I use these cleats for playing Ultimate Frisbee three times a week for up to 2 hours at a time.  At first I was worried about the shoes being too tight a fit, maybe not wide enough.  But from the get go I didn't have any issues while playing.So, these cleats after months of plays are amazing, great for the price.  My only gripe is that the shoes don't seem to breath, they hold in the sweat, and after time will reek incredibly.  People will be looking around for the nearby sewer leak, and you'll try hiding these without anyone noticing.  So, I'm trying to clean them, but the smell isn't coming out easily.  Any suggestions would be helpful.
B008ALYJQW Timely Delivery. No problems with it so far. Will recommend others to purchase. Worth more than how much it actually costs. Great buy!
B008AWU21W Comfy, Light, and no laces I wear them to work and stand in them all day. I hate laces and these slip on and off easily.
B008AWU21W shoes this is the best sneakers i have own for myself my friends and family wants to still it from me.
B008AWU21W great shape my son really like them ,wears then every day ,he would tell his friends to get them,he loves the colors.
B008AWU21W My boyfriend loves it It looks good on him and he likes the fit,plus it was at a great price ,Also the strap is stitched and can't be removed.
B008AWU21W swaggerrifc shoe! Very comfortable and soft. Different design and price is very reasonable. Another good buy and it has turned my swag up a notch!
B008AWU21W Really Good I just bought this for my Brother, he just love it, they so comfortable and light weight and the material is pretty good too.
B008AWU21W Always on point! One of my favorite brands for tennis shoes. Colors of my favorite NBA team - New Orleans Pelicans. Geaux Pelucans. Puma is always on point!
B008AWU21W All that and more. Well padded interior; Great foot support; excellent for walking and light sport activities. Most importantly, a fashion statement. Get it if you can at Puma's website. It is cheaper there...also on sale at Foot  locker's website for much less.
B008AWU21W they are cool if you know what i mean it was cool. i would reccommend it to anyone looking for some cool stuff.. its fashionable. yeah i like it.
B008AWUB54 Love them very comfortable, great for exercise. I love them. like walking on air. light, comfortable, fun. Nice nice nice nice. Excelent price.
B008AWUB54 Puma Faas 350S These were a gift so I am not able to provide information.  Sorry I cannot be more specific about this purchase.
B008AWUB54 Five Stars I love this gym shoes.  Very comfortable and I hope it will last for a couple of years.
B008AWW7Y2 Great buy! Perfect fit, exactly as pictured, my favorite pair! Matches my #3 in the nation Az wildcats gear! Can't wait to sport them for PAC 12 tourney in Vegas!
B008AWYIXU Hot Buy If you love puma these are hot and need to be in rotation. I say make it happen if not you are missing out.
B008AWYIXU COLORS ARE AMAZING VERY VERY COMFORTABLE AND STYLISH TOO, I ONLY WEAR THESE ON SUPER SPECIAL OCCASIONS!!! Thanks puma keep coming with high top styles!!
B008AWYIXU Five Stars Perfect
B008AWYIXU Five Stars &#128077;
B008AXTOQ0 One of PUMAS Best! Comfy, stylish, and one of my favorite styles made by PUMA. The color scheme I got: grey and pimento orange are great and stand out in a crowd... Just how I like!
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic 4 Scores I've had multiple shoes from each of the Voltaic model series since the first one. Voltaic (1) was awesome, and then came some fairly miserable tweaks that actually degraded comfort and ease of putting them on or taking off. Really happy to say that Puma nailed it once again with Voltaic 4. It's tongue-less, lightweight, and high level of comfort makes this design top notch very much like the first Voltaic. Now that I found these are so good, I am looking to buy more before they disappear. I'm not at all convinced that you can get a more easy and comfortable design than this, so I am betting the next Voltaic model will be worse, or at the very best, the same. Buy these while you still can. Note: I always buy these Pumas 1/2 size larger than my normal (e.g. leather) shoe size. They do run on the small side.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice comfortable shoes I really like these shoes. Very comfortable, stylish and fun. I'm using them to train for a 5K in the winter.
B008AXTOQ0 I bought yesterday and I am loving it. I liked these shoes, its design and fitting. these are comfortable and balanced, i feel like cushion while walking.Thanks PUMA!
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe comfy, i bought it on my recent trip to new york, so it came in handy better than wearing dress shoes for walking 4 hrs.the only caveat is it was very snug and tight, but i guess thats ok.
B008AXTOQ0 Couldn't ask for anything better I purchased three pairs of these shoes for each of my very different sons.  Running the gamut, my three boys' age span from 18 to 28 years of age.  All three liked the style and fit.  I liked the price.
B008AXTOQ0 good!! fits as expected and the quality is great. the prices was right, a bit cheaper than outlet prices. would recommend
B008AXTOQ0 awsome colors! I love the fit. I wore them to work yesturday, 10 hour day on my feet. They did well! I love the colors. They remind me of the seattle seahawks winning super bowl colors. Oh too soon. Go Hawks!
B008AXTOQ0 good afternoon so this gift is great because my friends boyfriend never buys anything new for himself and he needed new shoes like supper bad so when we find these we just had to get them and as far as i know he loves them
B008AXTOQ0 perfect for me I've purchased Puma's for years now their fit and feel are perfect, and like the puma style,  I buy nothing else
B008AXTOQ0 Fits pretty small Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He likes them, but the inside mesh makes it difficult to wear with thick socks.
B008AXTOQ0 Five Stars Ok
B008AXTOQ0 Pretty comfortable, but they do have some workmanship issues The stitching around the tongue started to pull out not long after I got them. They are comfortable and I still wear them, but they look like they're coming apart near the top of the laces. They do seem to fit well though and I like wearing them, just wish they were more durable.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma is batting 1000 I don't know why it is, but I am loving Pumas lately.Not only the look, but the way they feel.  I work out 5-days a week, mixed cardio and super sets ... and I play rugby (not in these, in cleats).  Sometimes it's hard to find a shoe to fit my wide &#34;swimming flipper&#34; like feet.But you know what they say about a guy with big feet?He buys Pumas.(smile)
B008AXTOQ0 The Voltaic 4 is a well designed Running sneaker This product stands up to its name, as well as looking sleek and sporty, the Puma delivers great support on the instep, great stability allowing you foot to remain secure and not swimming around, and provides good traction. a very good design.
B008AXTOQ0 Bought for my son My son wears a 10 1/2 shoe...the Puma Voltaic 4 M fit perfect. He likes them better than his prior Nike's or Adidas. I like them for the neon reflective blinding green that showed in the pictures. He wears them running or riding his bike, you can miss him. Of coarse he likes them because they are annoying.
B008AXTOQ0 Great gift@ I bought these as a gift for someone and they fit very well. He likes Pumas and has them in at least 10 different colors. We will keep watching for new colors that are not normally available in regular stores.
B008AXTOQ0 good good product
B008AXTOQ0 My boyfriend loves them! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. They run true to size, and he loves them! He says they are very comfortable.
B008AXTOQ0 Excelent I recommend the purchase. The product meets what I needed.The size is perfect and the model is very good.
B008AXTOQ0 attention getter Beautiful design....but a little too snug for a size 12. The shoe does get a lot of attention.Over-all pleased.
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable Well padded in all directionscomfortable & light, wear to work & runAlso looks great!Delivery was great, as always with amazon
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Pumas always seem to run small on me, but being aware of this I ordered half a size down, and these fit perfect. The black seems soft but solid while the orange does its job well by simply popping. I can't speak for the quality of the material yet. I got these to replace my last Pumas which I wore daily for four years, including in the studio and working outside in the Texas heat, and they stood up til the end.
B008AXTOQ0 slight  break in period Love the color... Some what tight at first Comfort increases as I wear them and I wear these eight hours a day cleaning carpets and my feet felt fine at the end of the work day
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Kicks I've owned older versions of this style of Pumas and they are still as comfortable as I remember. Also they are lite and get good traction.
B008AXTOQ0 PERFECT GREAT SHOWS AND STYLE. GOT A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS AND ALMOST 6 MONTHS OUT OF THESE SHOES! go puma go
B008AXTOQ0 excellent what can i say . i love puma and this is no exception love the orange/ black combination remember buy them 1/2 bigger .
B008AXTOQ0 love the shoe!! The style and size were exactly what I wanted it.  Feels very comfortable throughout my work-out.  Glad I made the right choice.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe Fits wells, comfortable, attached tongue is cool. Slips on and off fairly well even when tied tightly. Lots of bright colors.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Sneaker!! fits well. i wear them now and then! goes well w/ my flyers gear of the Chickies and Petes shirts!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 He loved them! I was a little reluctant buying someone else shoes online but I went ahead and got these. He loved them! Said they were comfortable and fit perfect and for the price, how could I pass this up! :)
B008AXTOQ0 BONITOS ME ENCANTA EXELENTE DISE&Ntilde;O BUEN MATERIAL
B008AXTOQ0 beautiful this shoes are beautiful and confortable as I expected. I really like PUMA's Products especially their shoes designs and variety
B008AXTOQ0 yup it does if I had to buy this in my country I would of paid a pound and a crown, it fit perfect, love the material
B008AXTOQ0 must buy Most comfortable shoes I've got I have 3pairs of these shoes. Will buy more.  If you font have any of these than you must buy some.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Puma Because it nice and easy wear for sporting men. U can use it any where. It really nice for me.
B008AXTOQ0 I had the Voltaic 2s. The 4s are much tighter in the toe box I don't know why these are cut differently from their previous versions but I couldn't wear them and had to return them
B008AXTOQ0 Great Suprise! I bought for my husband as a suprise gift and he loves them. They are lighweight and you tie them where you neeed them and they are fast to get in to. The are good on his back and legs. Puma shoes are all around a great shoe!!
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes....Awesome Price! I have been wearing the Puma Voltaic line of shoes for 10 years now and have found nothing more comfortable.  Thank you for providing such a wonderfully affordable buying option
B008AXTOQ0 perfect sneakers Great sneakers ever. ...I will recommend to everyone very light and nice llooking. Am very please with this one I will buying again.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Product Puma shoes has always been an excellent brand and has continued to honor their commitment to customers and maintain high product standard.
B008AXTOQ0 very sad about when i saw them for real. they look amazing in the the picture. i want to exchange this for some other puma of the same price or nike of the same price. can i do that. i am in seattle every friday. let me know if i can come to the amazon office and return and ask for different shoes. very unhappy with this choice. broke my heart. I M A SHOE PERSON. and they were not up to my standard.
B008AXTOQ0 Great price, fit,very comfortable and stylish. Very nice kicks for sport.. Been using them on the road for running, works well. very comfortable. great buy for great price
B008AXTOQ0 nice looks fits great and getting excellent comments on shoes I like them and would recommend to anyone interested ok ok ok
B008AXTOQ0 Favorite athletic shoe I bought the Voltaic 3 a year or two ago and loved them so I decided to get the Voltaic 4. I don't regret it at all. Still comfortable and still stylish. I mainly use these for the gym (I alternate between these and Converse chucks) so I can't say how these hold up with hundreds of miles of running although I do run roughly 10 miles a week and they are comfortable. One thing is that these do run small. I wore a size 9 in the Voltaic 3 and had to buy a size 9.5 in these. It was a good thing I went to the Puma store to make sure instead of just purchasing online.
B008AXTOQ0 Tongue free design is awesome. These are perfect for weights.  Strong sturdy and a solid design.  The tongue free design is awesome I wish all my shoes had it.  The only thing I don't like is the shiny section on the front (green in my color) is prone to creases.  Other than that I got nothing I highly recommend these if you doing any sorts of cross fit activity.
B008AXTOQ0 Sleek and supportive The black/lime shoe looks good with nicely tailored lines and comfortable support. Worthwhile when I bought it two months ago at $65, it is now $58.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfy and quality. Bought these for my husband as he works at the airport and is on his feet constantly. The second he put them on he was amazed at how comfortable they were. Will definitely be buying these from now on.
B008AXTOQ0 as requested perfect fit, arrived promptly, no issues, gave as gift, much loved, very happy, super awesome, really easy, click and done.
B008AXTOQ0 My son's favorite shoe My son has been wearing this style for several years to work out in (he does not run, but does a lot of other things). They last a long time and probably do not stretch out that much it you actually tied and untied them (just saying!). He liked this particular one so much that he started wearing it to work instead--he is on his feet for hours as a guitar tech at a large music store. They look great with jeans.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice and Light Are Very nice and light, elegant but a little more flashy than it looks in the picture, are also very confortable
B008AXW9PI Very affordable and stylish They were everything we expected. They are very lightweight. We bought them for our teenage son, they weren't his first choice. But he liked them when he saw them.
B008AXW9PI Puma Track shoes Son hasnt had a problem .. so far 2, 3rd place finishes and we are expecting a 1st place real soon
B008AXW9PI Amazon is grey Everything I order works flawlessly I love this sight for everything in my house and only regret you can't buy auto parts
B008AXW9PI Light weight and fit well It looks good and fits well. I felt it is well worth of the money. I would recommend it to friends.
B008AXW9PI Puma Men's Track Shoe It is very comfortable and the price is cheap. My son likes it very much. The service is quick. Thanks.
B008AXWA8O Great purchase My husband ordered three for himself. The price was great and they shipped pretty quickly. They also look great and feel great according to him! Very happy overall.
B008AXWA8O Great! The shoes were a birthday present for my boyfriend and they were great he loved them and they were perfect!
B008AXWA8O puma are HAM Puma is always a great choice. Fits as expected,  looks great and came in some new packaging that was interesting.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars nice looking shoes and comfortable
B008AXY38Y Good Gift This was perfect fit and will purchase more in the future...right now I'm just broke .
B008AXY38Y Puma Cell Surin A typically well constructed Puma shoe. The styling is somewhat unusual . It is eye catching and colorful yet has a vague resemblance to golf or bowling shoes. Nevertheless it is appealing and I have received many positive comments at the gym. As usual Puma delivers excellent value for the money.
B008AXY38Y Perfect fit I was hesitant to purchase shoes online, because often shoes run large or small, or could have insoles that are too high, or for a myriad of other possible issues. Anyway, I am glad that I did not give in to my hesitations, because these shoes worked perfectly for what he was looking for. They are sturdy for use, but lightweight for function. I think they look really nice on him, and he says that they fit great. I got a black puma tank so he could &#34;match&#34; and the outfit is adorable (in my opinion). Anyone looking to appear put together and serious about their workouts could benefit from these shoes.
B008AXY38Y Great shoe, great price............... And super fast delivery. My order was placed on Friday evening. I used the standard free shipping and my ETA given was the following Wednesday-Friday.Sunday morning, a day and a half later, I almost tripped over the package as I walked out my front door. Nice work Amazon warehouse employees and USPS, feel free to use this review when negotiating your next raise, you earned it!!
B008AXY38Y Super sport looks and feels very resistant and comfortable It is very sophisticated ! Super sport looks and feels very resistant and comfortable
B008AXY38Y Four Stars Excilent product would recommend to anyone
B008AXY38Y love it Awesome so far so good I will need more time to wear out the shoe but so far its filled my expectations, very stylish and I feel comfortable enough to take this shoes to the gym as well as going out to a casual occasions.
B008AXY38Y Three Stars this style felt a little smaller/tighter than my other style puma 11.5 sneakers.
B008AXY38Y Great shoes Timely delivery and they look great!  These kicks are comfortable, stylish and go great with pants or shorts. I would buy them again
B008AXY38Y ok Excelent
B008AXY38Y Looks Great. Wore them only 2 days and already had 3 people ask where I bought them !!!I wish that they were mesh though, they might be pretty warm for the summer.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars Love my new shoes
B008AXY38Y Veattifully I Like Then and ar&eacute; soft confortable in my foot and very Good lucking i love Then nice price and cilor
B008AXY38Y Next level Which is what this PUMA is. The next level up from there swede originals...a staple still! Gotta love their progression.
B008AXY38Y Shoes are new box is really old Shoes were a gift and they were  great but the box was really tore up, therefore I need the sender to send me another box besides that everything else was good
B008AXY38Y Puma men's running shooe Shoe seems to be of good quality,a bit high priced..Might be hard to keep clean,I suppose i'll find out. Other people seem to like them.
B008AXY38Y Four Stars good price!
B008AXY38Y What I paid for I have a great show. Nothing bad to say about it. Comfortable and won't fall apart easily. Buy it now or something.
B008AXYILQ Im as fast as Usain Bolt Good Spikes but be careful, they are flemsy. But they are very good and it is worth your money. Im fast
B008AXYILQ sweet bolts love all my puma purchases...waiting for size change on bolts..........they were for my grandson...he loved them he thought they were awesome.........
B008AZD5ZE Great Pumas These sneakers are awesome. They are very comfortable and relaxing. You will not be  unsatisfied buying these kicks. They match with most of my clothes.
B008AZD5ZE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SHOES I OWNED FROM PUMA!!! The shoes have a beautiful design, very fashionable, they are comfortable and every time I go I GET THEM MANY POSITIVE COMMENTS ... 5 STARS!
B008AZD5ZE Fits perfect! This sneaker fits me perfect as most Puma's do. At first I didn't like the toe area not being mesh but when it was raining I enjoyed not having my feet soaking wet!
B008AZD5ZE These shoes get compliments everywhere I go! Living in the Seattle area these shoes go perfectly with Sounders and Seahawks colors so I'm always getting compliments about them.  However, the material their made of, while very lightweight, is very easy to get dirty.
B008AZD5ZE One bad feature The inner sole can't be lifted to fit my orthotics under them.  Since so many runners use orthotics when running it's short sighted for Puma to not have the inner cushion removable.
B008AZD5ZE very comfortable and stylish. no ventilation but aren't thick so they don't make your feet too hot. Ive been running in them for weeks and they are still more comfortable than most high priced shoes Ive had. no need for sole inserts. nice grip as well.
B008AZD5ZE Good shoes. They run a little (very little) on the smallish size, but not unusable. Stylish. Lots of comments and people asking where I got them. People either love them or hate them. Nice conersation starter.
B008AZDF7W Four Stars Comfortable, been using Puma products for some time, Thanks.
B008AZEC1U Love the design, but... I forget how inflexible the synthetic material is. I've had the shoes since Christmas (3 weeks) and they're still not broken in. Cool design, though, and pretty comfortable even though they're a little stiff.
B008AZG59W fit like a glove I just got them a couple of days ago but so far the fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  I would give them five stars but i don't give five stars.
B008AZG59W My choice brand I have tried other brands but the only shoes that would buy for running driving hiking would be only Puma
B008AZG59W so confortable They are a little larger than  I need, but they are so confortable, pretty good matterials and it makes my feet allways suepr fresh!!
B008AZG59W Puma sneakers Excellent sneaker for the price. Very comfortable and no break in necessary. I would by them again in a heartbeat
B008AZG59W Awsome Cool Colors, feels great when you run. Will buy this shoes again when the one i have starts tearing. Also feels lightweight.
B008AZG59W This puma men. s fill all my expectations Are ... This puma men.s fill all my expectationsAre very comfortables.
B008AZG59W Soft and Light So far it's been a great show!  A lot lighter than expected!  Love the colors.  Been on 2 runs and a long walk so far in them and so far so good!
B008AZG59W Good buy These shoes fit like gloves, hugging my feet but not cramping them.  They're light and very good-looking, helps me to be seen when walking in highly trafficked areas.  I use them for walking, so consider that if you're a runner.
B008AZG59W PUMA SHOES My son only dresses in PUMA gear and his son is following in his footsteps. Puma holds its name for product reliability and performance. Great product will buy again!
B008AZLCBI AMAZING!!!! The shoe fits awesome and feel like I don't have anything on my feet when I run. Also the price was amazing!
B008AZLCBI Green and black Pumas Purchased for son. He says they fit well, are comfortable and have good tread.The green is not overly obnoxious.  Hoping they last a good long time.
B008AZLCBI great shoe for the price Turns out it is way more cheaper than the Nike's and it provides the same level of comfort.The looks are trendy and the Puma logos make it stand out from the crowd of Nike's, Converse and the likes.Great bang for the buck !!
B008B0MGQ2 Looks good online but..... Item looks great online and seems to be really good deal.  When it arrived, it was really cheapy material and gimmicky. I would pass if I were you
B008B0MGQ2 Great they are GREAT shoes for the price, I am glad I bought these shoes because they are comfortable. I RATE THESE SHOES 10/10
B008B0MGQ2 Comfortable I've always liked Puma they are very stylish and comfortable shoes, the red however looks like reflective tape on this design I was not expecting that from the display of the design, but its not really that bad of a difference its just that it has a glossy finish to it other than a solid red stripes.
B008B0MGQ2 Puma Shoes Fit Well And Comfortable. The shoe is stylish and comfortable. Haven't had them long enough to see how long they hold up. We shall see if they stand the hands of time.
B008B0MGQ2 Perfect purchase! My husband did a bit of research before picking these shoes and with him in Army training he LOVES them! He said they are really comfortable!I used my Amazon Prime and had them shipped directly to him and he got them in 2 days!
B008B0MGQ2 Good product Good comfortable shoes as described good support.  I do not use for long runs.  Use more for lifting and cross training.  No problems
B008B0MGQ2 puma Got this sneakers on time and was just as impressive as advertised well done puma, will definitely be ordering again
B008B0MGQ2 good quality and design I bought black with red stripes for gym workouts and boxing.They are very comfortable and look very stylish.For boxing they are a bit heavy but they are not designed for boxing so no complains here.Overall - they are great, will report how long they will last.
B008B0MN9M Puma Shoes ok I love Puma brand because of products are differents and unique! This shoes have a unique style and good looking but they aren't so confortables and get dirty quickly. The rest is ok
B008B0NSKU its alright I feel I have to use this shoes for while before it feels good. I guess is just a matter of time
B008B0QYBA Best socks ever Quite simply, these are the best socks ever. I have replaced every pair of jock sox with these.  I love these socks
B008B0TGII great shoes love the shoes, comes with a body colour as well contrast lace which is nice...fits perfect and well finished...looking out for more of the suede colours they are really great.
B008B7ND1W Cute True to size.  The fit is good, it's a little slim for toddlers that still have an infant shape. K.
B008B7NE2K Too cute!! Love this outfit and it fits our little girl perfectly. Fast response from sender and great quality.  Fits great around the waist and through the legs.
B008B7NEWU Perfect Legging Set This puma set fits my granddaughter perfect. What i like best is how the top can be worn with  other leggings and still looks good. Many compliments; highly recommend
B008B7NK2Y cute Cute outfit and well made. We looked all over for a puma newborn and were thrilled to finally find one.
B008B7NLUK Puma workout set My grandaughter looked so cute in this outfit and it was very well made, still a little large for her at 5 months.  Definitely would recommend.
B008B7NLV4 So cute Cute and affordable, great combination. It is something comfy for a wee one and just as cute as similar outfits that were double the price.
B008B7NLV4 Puma sweat suit My grandaughter looked so cute in this outfit and it was very well made, a little large for her at 5 months.  Definitely would recommend.
B008B7NLV4 Super Cute I love this out fit and it is super cute. The only complaint is that the material on the pants snagged with the first wash.
B008B7NLV4 not for active wear my daughter looks so cute in her tracksuit.however, the material is not ideal for activity time.the pants don't have much give to them
B008B7NLV4 Adorable! I just received this, in record time, and it is beyond cute! Mind you, I don't actually have children and this is for a gift, but I cannot wait for my friend to open this present. This is a great price for this 2-piece track suit.
B008B7NLV4 Cute outfit I bought this for my granddaughter. I would recommend this outfit for any special little girl. Shipping was quick. Washes great.
B008BXRZ9W My daughter's favorite new shoes I bought these because I thought they were cute.  My daughter absolutely loves them.  They are easy to get on and off, which is usually a problem for her, but she never wants to take them off!  She used these on pretty much a daily basis and still does. They haven't shown any signs of wear at all.
B008BXRZ9W Girl shoes Got these for my daughter and she refuses to take them off... she said they're comfortable, and of course 'cool looking' with the purple pink and blue.
B008BXRZ9W Princess Gabbierella loves the Sneakerinas My 3 year old fiercely independent granddaughter loves the shoes. She can put them on herself and she runs the whole time she is wearing them. She believes they make her fast!!! Great for making nap time an easier sell.
B008BXRZ9W Love it!! I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. They fit her perfect and she wears them every day.
B008BXRZ9W she loves them! i was aware pumas are sized small so i purchased one size up (8m) for our 3 yr old. she loves them! they might be slightly snug but theyve already stretched enough she can put them on herself. very stylish and seemingly well made however a silver puma on the side rubbed off within days....you could barely see them to begin with so its not a deal breaker.
B008BXRZ9W Adorable These are adorable little shoes.  They appear to be well made.  I like that these are very easy to put on.  Our daughter is going into kindergarten and these are very easy for her to put on and take off.  They are comfortable and go with quite a few of her outfits.  I am thinking about getting some in different colors.
B008BXRZ9W Resolve my problem Great texture inside and outside. Problems with my little girl because she don't like sneakers, she loves ballerinas, and this one looks like, so she has a ballerina and I have sneakers for her. PROBLEMA-SOLVE
B008BXRZ9W Cute and comfy The shoes are perfect. Even though they're almost a size smaller, our little one can still wear them and grow into them well!
B008BXRZ9W Picky daughter (5 years) loves them and this says it all Comfortable yet versatile, could be paired with pants, shorts and dresses, easy to wear, My daughter just doesn't agree to switch to any offer shoe.
B008CAYJG6 gift this was a mother's day gift for my sister.  she loves it. i was disappointed with the delivery time, but the product is great
B008CG0YW8 It was a gift Excellent leather shoes, original period 90.'s Recommend for people who play arena football fields.The packaging did not like, but the shoes came in good condition
B008DLTRCK good wallet, could be better The wallet looks great. It is very well built. My only complaint is that if I put my license or credit cards in the little card slot, I am worried that they would fall out. I think it would be better if the card slot faced the side that is closed and not the open side.
B008DLTRCK Nicely done. As a user of velcro wallets for over 30 years, I gotta say that this one is one of the better wallets I've owned. The velcro perfectly satisfies the sound of opening the wallet. I do like the design and also like the PUMA tag. The embossed puma on the back of the wallet is okay, but i can feel it slightly when I sit, which does make it uncomfortable - but only slightly.This wallet does a great job at holding my things such as credit and debit cards, ID, and insurance cards. With the zipper pocket,  important receipts can be kept securely.The only thing missing was money that already came with the wallet.
B008DLTRCK This wallet is truly awful This wallet is an un-wallet. A wallet is supposed to keep your belongings safe, in one place. The card holder is so loose, that I put literally every card I own into it to hold them into place and the un-wallet would throw them on the ground each time I would take it out of my pocket. Or the cards would fall out into my bag/pocket. Very concerning.The velcro is also obnoxiously loud.Lastly, I was looking for a small wallet and it turns out this is very bulky and stiff, but that's my issue to deal with.Don't buy this un-wallet.
B008EXQBU8 Puma sneakers These are so comfortable.  Holds your foot securely without squeezing.  The colors are amazing.  What you see is what you get.  They look great with jeans.
B008EYO4TW New favorite shoes These are the most comfortable flats ever - I love them for work, and bought them in three more colors just so I had more options!
B008EYO4TW Nice style, nicely constructed. Great style and very comfortable. My normal size is 9.5M and the 10 fits nicely. I plan to use this as a travel shoe as it looks good with almost anything and is comfortable enough for long walks.
B008EYO4TW awesome I loved these shoes, I have been looking for comfort and I will get comfort from theses shoes, thank you
B008EYO4TW Get a half size larger! I usually buy the cheapest black flats I can find because it doesn't seem to matter - they always give me blisters!  These are the first flats (other than Toms) that didn't give me blisters on the first wear!  Like an idiot I wore them for an entire 8 hour day at work, but voila!  My feet felt amazing!  They feel sporty but look very stylish in my opinion.  I usually wear a 9, but sized up to a 9.5 based on other reviews, and they fit perfectly!
B008EYO4TW Five Stars Great product, very confortable and fits like expected.
B008EYO4TW Versatile shoes Definitely glad I read the other reviews because I ordered half a size larger and they fit great. I haven't had a chance to wear them more than once. The top seemed like it would rub on my outside toes but once I was wearing them it didn't seem to bother me. Love the look of these. Very easy to dress up or dress down.
B008EYO4TW got compliments the first day I wore these I read the other reviews before I ordered and I'm glad I did.  I am a solid 8.5 in most brands, but after reading the reviews I ordered a 9 and they fit perfectly and they are CRAZY COMFORTABLE.  I have bone spurs and plantar fasciitis, and it felt like I was wearing a sneaker, not a lot of arch support but good cushioning.  The first day I wore these a total stranger asked me what brand they were and where I got them.  The dark shadow color is lighter than I expected and is really a middle grey, not a dark grey, much lighter than it appears in the photo, but because they were so comfy and worked well with both black and navy pants I kept them.  I will be buying more of these stylish and comfortable shoes to wear with skinny jeans.
B008EYO514 Comfortable and stylish Great flats! I wear them almost everyday lately!
B008EYOK2S looks smart I got this as a birthday gift and it was a great hit , it fits well and looks very smart
B008EYOK2S Sharp I needed a nice polo for work and this polo fit the bill.  I am about 6 feet tall and around 200 lbs, I run a L typically and purchased the L version of this.  It fits perfectly, the sleeves are a wee bit shorter than standard, but the way the shirt is cut around the core and chest is very sporty and slimming.  This is perfect for anywhere from the office, to the golf course, to happy hours.  As always, excellent Puma quality.
B008EYP1K8 Very cute I have wide feet so i need to break them in but they are super cute and I'm looking forward to wearing them!  I received a compliment  the first time I wore them!!
B008EYP1K8 Good price and cute too! These are pretty good shoes. I got them for work and the 1st 2 days wearing them were fine. But the 3rd day my feet were killing me. Still think they are better than what I had. I'm glad I took the advice from what people had suggested as far as getting a half size bigger.
B008EYP1K8 Love these flats I have these in several colors, the only thing about them is I normally wear a 7 1/2 but I need an 8 to be comfortable in these.
B008EYP1K8 PUMA Slip ons These shoes are the best...this is my 6th pair!  I wear them winter and summer- rain or shine- to the grocery and to the gym.  They are sooo comfortable...great with everything..even a sundress with all the different bright trims...no break in time for me...out of the box and go.  Clean them with soap and a mild abrasive and they look like new again.  For someone with endless foot problems these are perfect!
B008EYP1K8 comfortable plus These shoes are very comfortable.  Can be worn with or without socks.  Good support.  They seem to have been made well.
B008EYP1K8 takes a day to break in but perfect! I love these shoes.  however, the first day I did get blisters from rubbing on back of feet.  but by the second and third wear they were worn in and are now perfect.  super comfy.  when the weather gets a little warmer, I will definitely be wearing them often.
B008EYP1K8 Toebox is too tight I am trying some home remedy methods to stretch these out, to make room for all five of my toes.  The color combo is nice and I feel I could wear them to work easily, if they just had a bit more toe room.  I had heel blisters starting to form the first day I wore them, so a few bandaids were needed.
B008EYP1K8 I'll reorder... Unfortunately a little too short but I think they were worth reordering in the next size larger. After I am able to wear them will I be able to truly evaluate.
B008EYQHY2 Visual specialist The pumas I ordered were a little tight but I wore them all day at work I got blistersI would not order that style again
B008F05Z5M ... in the waist for me and I do not like having a draw not enough elastic in the waist for me and I do not like having a draw string
B008F05ZMA Exactly what I wanted! It fits great and I love the colors. It is decently warm for how thin it is & works great in a light rain.
B008F05ZMA Comfy jacket for doing sport in the wind &#128077; I like it a lot &#128077;&#128077;&#128077;. Nice color, quality material and fit just right. Great price too! Was hoping the hood can be rolled and hide under the collar, but it's not a big deal: still look cool unrolled. Just curious: Anybody happen to knows where to find the matching pants? Thx.
B008F05ZMA Look Great Just like it was advertised, Son loves it and it breaks the wind pretty good. A++ for this product, Buyers have no worries.
B008F05ZMA Mixed Results A good windbreaker; lightweight & well made.  The drawback is that it does not breath; I found myself overheating with it zipped up.
B008F05ZMA Great Jacket for the price for the Xlarge I ordered a third one.  Now I can keep 1 in each car just in case.  There are 4 left on Amazon as of this update.  I'll give someone else a chance, but if they are not gone tomorrow, I'll buy a 4th to keep at work.I ordered XLarge, although sometimes I wear large.  The XLarge fit great.  I was looking for a cheap windbreaker shell to replace one of mine that was torn.  I came across this which just so happened to have a great price for XLarge so I ordered it.  Excellent construction and looks great, so much better than my shell windbreakers.  My wife stated it made me look younger.  I don't know about that.  I ran the sleeve under the faucet and water just ran off.  No absorption.  Waterproofing may be why some reviewers said the jacket was hot.  It may run warm for a light windbreaker, but will be excellent in rain or if it is cool and windy.  It cuts out all wind.  I liked it so much I ordered a second one.  The jacket is not just a shell.  It is fully lined inside.NOTE:  The jackets I bought were Golden Poppy/Hawaiian Ocean/Midnight Navy, X-Large, which sold out.  For the normal price I would have rated it less (4 stars) because the hood does not detach or fold into the collar, and there are no inside pockets.  However, I bought 3 because there was a sellout at $24.95 including tax.  At that price, I would give it 6 stars.  I should have got greedy and ordered the 4th one.
B008F061QO Father's Day Got this for my dad for Father's Day 2013.He's in shape, not overweight, but I got him a large just in case.It fit but seemed snug on him.I recomment this shirt for more slimming manly figures.
B008F063BM Super cute I choose this rating as l am a big fan of Puma's but these ones run a little small....just wear thin socks and your all set.  I recommend this to the stylish female who loves to get noticed by her style of shoes.  Definitely recommend!
B008F063BM Got them for my mom! Got them for my mom for Christmas and she LOVED them! I was scared they were gonna be to small but they were perfect!!!!!
B008F06A5Q nearly perfect I chose this color because it was a better deal. The laces are still fun and there is rainbow/glittery fabric woven under the black mesh. I sometimes have arch pain and haven't had a problem yet.
B008F06A5Q puma women wylie infinity 2.5 The shoe is comfortable and lightweight. is cheerful and colorful. mold to my foot. Model for the gym and go for a walk
B008F06A5Q MOST COMFY SHOE I love these, my feet love them.  There were no problems wearing them in, I can wear them all day... Plus they are super cute and a little different then wearing NIKE all of the time!  Love them
B008F06A5Q Not what I wanted Not what I wanted, but still a very well made sneaker. pretty blue, but the red wasn't what I thought it was going to be. Great padded footbed was a plus! Returned with no problems though!
B008F06A5Q Comfortable Very comfortable, quick delivery. I have been running in it since i got it. My shin splints are more or less non-existent now
B008F06A5Q PERFECT WORKOUT SHOE Just bought this in black as I wear black workout pants at the gym.  Cute without being over-the-top neon-crazy, just enough neon and bright color on each of the these PUMA Wylie Infinity shoes to make them pop.  Perfect for Zumba, and other gym classes, really most anything we ladies do at the gym.  Light weight, breathable, the toe is not too tapered like some of the Puma's, so NO big-toe-rub for me...yeah
B008F06A5Q NG for Zumba I am looking for a 'dance/exercise' shoe that allows me to do Zumba dance moves with ease without my toes getting numb.Even though I buy the right size, I did not like how these sneaks squished my toes when I made certain feet movements.  Also, the bottom wasn't slidey enough for me....Had to send them back.  Still searching....
B008F06AY2 Bulky When I got it, I thought it looked more sleek in the picture.  It's a little bulky, but practical.  It'll make a great cold rainy day jacket.
B008F06BB4 present it was a gift for my mom shes a nurse so shes always on her feet. and she thought the colors were weird but i figured it could go with any outfit she wears. and turns out she loved them. very comfortable at all times.
B008F06C7C super cute but a little too small i'm typically a 9.5, and i have pumas which are a 10 and too big, so i figured i'd shoot for the 9.5........bad choice, basically.otherwise, they're really really cute and i've gotten some great compliments!!
B008F06C7C Great Fits awesome and i love them, obviously chose wisely , wouldn't change them for anything, really satisfied with my purchase
B008F06C7C my puma i love my puma i wear it to work very comfortable got a lot of loveee from co-workers i have three pairs and i am going for the forth
B008F06C7C Not a good fit Shoe was okay when I first put it on. My heel kept slipping out although I doubt I could have done a smaller size. Tried the trick with the shoelaces to keep the heel in place but that didn't work. In addition, my feet started to ache after about 30 minutes. Didn't work for me although most of the reviews I read were positive, so the problem could be me.
B008F06C7C Perfect gift I have buy it for my daughter. She's really happy to see the shoe she want. And i'm happy to pay the bill. It's really cheap!!
B008F06I1M LOVE IT Im wide with so the front is a bit tight, but its the perfect size. love the colors!! it arrived promptly, great packaging, love the red bag. I would buy more of these....if my husband didnt see my credit card bills LOL
B008F06KB0 Looks nice, not for winter Yes I know, shoes are cold in the winter but these shoes leak in from the bottoms.  If I so much as walk through snow my socks get wet.  Seems to be coming in from the sides of the bottoms.  Despite being nearly all plastic-like they leak.  Disappointing, otherwise a nice looking and wearing shoe, has some support which is nice.
B008F06KB0 Awesome kickboxing shoes! I have this shoe in multiple colors. I absolutely love them! I'm surprised to see people wear it for street-wear. These have little to no traction. That's what makes them perfect for anything from kickboxing to zumba. They're good for jumping around in and won't tear up the mats.
B008F06KB0 So Cool I love these shoes.  The colors are fantastic and I love the gray;  just a bit different than everyone else has.
B008F06KB0 Great for the gym! Got the shoes in my regular size 7 1/2 and they fit perfect. Love wearing them to the gym, they are comfortable and super cute.
B008F06T0W 10/10 recommend These are PERFECT running shoes.  It took me all of two minutes to break them in, they fit like a glove, and they're so much better than all Reebok's and Nike's that I've had in the past.  I will definitely be purchasing Puma's from here on out.
B008F06T0W Great Purchase The shoes are perfect in width (for a slightly wider foot) and comfortable. They are very comfortable as an everyday shoe for walking and exercise, I just wish they had more of a cushion for long distance running. The Puma's a currently own seem to have better padding for impact.
B008F06T0W LOVE LOVE LOVE I just got these and I love them. The colors are much more vibrant in person and they are SUPER comfy. I'm an overpronator and these feel stable. I can't wait to try them out later!
B008F06T0W Perfect choose my mom choose, the model, the colors and I choose the technologie merge for options and the price. very good
B008F06T0W 1st wear was 5km run & loved them I got these without ever trying on the shoe. Just from my research, and desire to go more minimal, I chose these and figured they would do what I expected them to do.
B008F06T0W comfy Love them...veryyyy comfy, colours are awesome and fits very neat and perfect..excellent for running & wearing around the house everyday
B008F0IKWM Beautiful Jacket The only reason , I gave it a 4 stars was due to the sleeves which were very long , other than that , the jacket is very fashionable and expensive looking , a perfect piece for the collection. Shipping and service was outstanding very satisfied with the product same jacket is going for 100 plus at the puma store.
B008F0KUOS Concrete approved I work at a fulfillment center, 10 hour shifts, only sit for breaks and lunch. Walking, pushing, lots of starts and stops and changing direction. In the areas at work where it's not feasible for anti-fatigue mats the Faas 500 V2 cushion well for me. There are 3 shoes in my rotation and added these in the Twilight Blue in Jan. 2014 and they are performing better than expected for the price. Many complements from coworkers  on the look of these. I can read all about Faas foam but I like the V2 design because the sole is not as thick as other running shoes yet yields fine cushioning and that increases my reaction time on the floor. Glad I bought these and will consider another fast, courtesy and hassle-free purchase with Amazon, prolly the Faas 700 V2.
B008F0KUOS A great beautiful Puma running They have really been exposed as my favorites. They are very soft and he has a design of making small foot. Almost neither they get dirty and the price is very right. 100% advisable! but do not regrettably manufacture themselves. Excellent!
B008F0KUOS So so Too stiff/ too hard- not cushy like many reviews... Disappointed, I wish it was more comfortable for my long morning runs!
B008F0LPDS Great shoes, very comfortable They are everything the other reviews I read said they would be.  They fit great and they are super comfortable.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that they don't handle great in the rain.  Rather than having grooves on the bottom for water to run off, they have more of a shallow rubber cleat-like bottom.  One step on a rain slicked sewer grate and I lost my footing.  Otherwise they are great and I definitely recommend them.
B008F0O0S0 My son loves these for parkour In his words, he says they are like he's wearing nothing at all, but have great grip. He loves them.
B008F0O0S0 Four Stars Very nice and confortable
B008F0O544 Five Stars Nice pants
B008F16ZI2 Love this jacket It's really nice, and great quality.  The fit is slim, which is perfect when riding a beautiful Ducati :) I highly recommend this jacket!
B008F17R2K i like em but... these are cool shoes and ive always known this but puma arent very comfy. these are better than most other pumas and you can really tell they take most of the pressure off your knees. i am definitly happy with this purchase like i said i wish they were more comfy
B008F17R2K Comfortable design, slightly narrow. The plastic webbing on soles serves little purpose as far as I can tell and makes a clicking noise when I run with each stride.  Until it's worn down, it's annoying.  Not a make or break at this point though.
B008F17R2K Comfortable and very COOL! They are for my Son.He loves them.As he stated&#34;Sooo comfortable and sooo COOL!  Wears them everywhere and is often askedabout them.
B008F17R2K Good so far. I've only worn the shoes a few times, but they are comfortable and very light. I'm usually pretty tough on shoes so time will tell to see how we'll they stand up.
B008F17R2K Good shoes with minor issue Overall a good netural shoe that works for all around training.  The material near the top of the heel is rather stiff however and has chafed my feet a little.  No show socks are out for me if I'm wearing these, but overall a good performer.
B008F17R2K sharp look! Fit is good and like the style they could be a bit lighter but for the price not bad at all plus they look pretty sharp 2!
B008F17R2K Stylish They were nice for two months but the. Started to break but otherwise I got lots of compliments though very stylish
B008F17R2K Heel backing is so stiff it leaves a rash on the Achilles I'm an 8 1/2, and these were quite snug compared to, say, my Avia's.Pros: lightweight, good cushioning, looks goodCons: feels cheap at close inspection, and the back heel is so firm that it rubs against my Achilles and actually takes off skin if I don't have a sock high enough to cushion it (even then, it still hurts)I didn't realize how bad it really was until a few hours after I had already started wearing them on a camping trip, so I couldn't really return them after that.
B008F17R2K No worries...vendor supplied as promised Shoes showed up as described. They fit a little snug but researching prior to purchase it was expected. Everything was on time, packed very nicely and was as described. I would recommend this vendor to anyone. I have been skeptical when not shipped directly from Amazon due to a bad experience but researched this vendor and didn't see any negative feed back so I proceeded. Again they delivered as promised.
B008F17R2K Incredible value Walking on cus huions and air ! Gr&eacute;t feeling, it was a gr&eacute;t surprise such a good deal and quality
B008F17R2K thank u my son loves them thank you so much his very happy with them cant want to show them off thanks
B008F17R2K perfect I needed them for work not running and they are really comfortable.  Great use of bright colors but not overdone.  Great value!!!!
B008F17R2K Good shoes not great. That are comfortable shoes good for everyday use. However the high back creates a hot spot. Not good for running.  The first time i ran in them about 2-3 miles in my Achilles tendon area  was bleeding ended up having to walk back most of the way shoe less to avoid the hot spot. Gave it a second chance with higher sock with similar results.
B008F17R2K Love These Shoes Although I am only in my second day wearing these shoes and can't tell you how they last,I can tell you they are very comfortable and they get alot of positive attention.They seem to run a little small but it worked for me because I seem to be between a 9.5 and 10..So be careful if your chosen size is snug.
B008F17R2K I tried but this is one of the narrowest shoes I've owned.  I was hoping they would &#34;relax&#34; after a couple wearings, no luck.  I had to shelve these.
B008F17R2K Looks great, but the web breaks easily. I love to look and feel of these shoes, but the web around the sole of the shoe is a hard plastic that broke in just a few days of wear.  It was making a clicking sound as the 22 ends hit, so I just cut one piece a little short and no more click (and you cant tell I altered them)
B008F17R2K Awesome Awesome! Took a few days to break in.. But now that they are. My fav kicks. Give me an extra bounce in my step
B008F17R2K Awesome I got these for a great deal while they were in the gold box but now that I have them I might get them regular price. I will warn you ahead of time that the style is very wierd. there is a lot of emphasis placed on the balls of your feet which is really how it should be. there could be more ankle support honestly but I run all the time and I dont really have a problem with them. they did assist in decreasing my run time for a 3 mile run. I also did see other reviews saying the plastic tears where the shoe bends but ive had the shoe for about 4 months and I havent had that problem.
B008F17R2K Very very stiff at first I have only run about 5 miles in these so far and the break-in has been difficult. Very very stiff sole that I'm hoping starts to flex soon and cushion more. Very supportive to walk in, but taking some time wear-in
B008F17R2K Almost perfect! They are perfect for anything that involve running and jumping. I do crossfit so for weight lifting they are not flat enough rat the tip for optimal balance but other than that they are perfect.
B008F17R2K Marvelous I saw some commentaries and mayde i had a doubt when received them....buy affortunately everything it's good with my bioweb elite, i like running and i haven't felt unconfortable in facts, they are great.
B008F17R2K I love it I bought these shoes for my brother who has a very demanding taste .... when they saw for the first time I loved, have excellent design and my brother says it is very comfortable
B008F17R2K Cheap and comfy I use them to work out and they feel great. Good support,  breathable and durable. The price was really great also
B008F17R2K First Pumas and definitely not the last Feels like I'm walking on Air, wish I wore Pumas sooner. I will definitely get them again. They are so comfortable and they look great
B008F17R2K Very pleased with the product Excellent product, is more than I expected. The use and remain very pleased with the performance in sport practice I perform daily.
B008F17R2K beautiful beautiful. it is very beautiful and i like the colors. i wear it every day and it look nice on me foot.
B008F17R2K cheaply made -sent back cheaply made and uncomfortable. sent back. just didnt seem like they would last and hurt my feet. and thats it.
B008F17R2K Feels great I haven't actually worn these running yet, but I tested the fit and comfort level. Both 10/10. They seem to be very well made.
B008F17R2K Great product, a little snug, but love it! Alright, I wear a 10.5 with most shoes. I read reviews saying to order a larger size to accommodate the smallness. I ordered an 11. They are a little snug, I probably would've gone with 11.5, but other than that, I love them! I ONLY wear them in the gym, to take care of them. They don't touch the ground on the outside world. I take my street shoes to the gym and switch on and off, etc. I love the carrying bag that they come in! Very nice! After my 2 hour work out, when I take them off, it does feel nice that my feet can breathe (referring to the size)! They do seem delicate, which is why I only wear them in the gym, no matter what. I do an hour of cardio and weights just so you know the performance they are dealing with. They've been used for 1 week so far, and still look brand new! Overall, GREAT!! and flashy =)
B008F17R2K Light, Comfortable, and the Price was right! I love the look of these shoes.  They are light and comfortable.  I purchased them for a fraction of what they sold for initially.  I use them while working out.  They feel good on the treadmill.  Jury is still out on durability, but they are fine after a week or so.
B008F17R2K Perfect for the gym or work. I bought these for my boyfriend and they have quickly become his all day every day shoes. He wears them to the gym and to work at the hospital (12 hour shifts). He says they are extremely comfortable and easy to break in.
B008F17R2K OK It's OK. But feeling a little hard at first. Not good for windy day.Overall, it's good at its price.
B008F17R2K SO much cheaper HERE than the stores I just bought about a week ago for my brother and I should of known to look here before I bought them at the store . They are way cheaper HERE!!!. This shoes are really stylish and my brother the sole is not the best but they are comfortable and you can use them for a while before some wear starts to show.
B008F17R2K Ughhh These shoes aren't comfortable at all, the upper parts near the tongue dig into my ankle. I'd recommend not buying these things...
B008F17R2K Worth A Shot. Coming from a die hard New Balance runner I like these alot.I in previous reviews have stated I have Plantar Faciitis  which hurts like hell.I tried them this Monday with my Powerstep inserts, nothing.3 miles 26 mins. 55 secs.Give them a try .
B008F17R2K a bit disappointed bought these mainly because of the price. they fit perfect and feel comfortable. when i went jogging on the treadmill at the gym, i ended up with some serious skin irritation on my heels due to the constant rubbing of the shoe. i had proper socks on that i normally wear when jogging so i knew it wasn't that.
B008F17R2K Just ok Considering the price I can't give a higher score of it. I looks great but it always squeeze after exposing to some water. It is so embarrassing that walking with that weird sound all the time...
B008F17R2K Very nice feel The shoes add about an inch to your height, which I suppose is a good thing or a bad thing depending on what you're going for. But they fit well and have a solid structure.
B008F17R2K Nice and bouncy for running but not sturdy enough for cross-training. I like them but the outsole wasn't sturdy enough. A little portion of the sole ripped off during cross-training activity (body combat), just above the lateral plantar fascia.Nothing else to fault in terms of quality.
B008F17R2K Puma's Excellent shoe that i picked up on a one day sale on amazon. They are nice and light, and very comfortable and come in great colors. I run on a track and they perform great on the feet.
B008F17R2K Purchaced for my husband and he loves them Husband loves them for Cross Training. He can get through a WOD then go for a run without having to change shoes.
B008F17R2K Divine!!! This a great shoe, it fits a bit close but its pretty sturdy and comfortable with little fatigue, i would recommend one, and the color is amazing.
B008F17R2K Good value I really have no complain about this product. Now that I'm wearing my shoes to exercise every morning, I feel like I got a good value for the price I paid.
B008F17R2K LOVE THESE SHOES Hi All,Just to give you a quick review on this product.I have back and knee injury, and its very important for me to choose the right shoes....&#34;it rhymes hehe&#34; anyways, no matter how much I explain on how comfortable they are and the feeling that you're not walking on solid ground, yet perfect traction and stability to the feet and ankle. Also the colours, are fantastic, price perfect. I bought another two pairs with different colours.
B008F17R2K good thing I read the reviews It helps to read reviews on items; many listed these as running small and they do, but for me, only a half size; the 10 1/2 fits perfectly whereas I am normally a 10. I own 2 pair now since I liked the 1st so well. I'm not a runner so I cannot speak to the endurance of the shoe but I can speak of the support which feels good.
B008F17R2K Good and light The shoes are so light. and comfortable, fits nice and absorb the impact when you are running. I would buy it again.
B008F17R2K Not really happy only wore them on 4 times, on the fourth time after running a 2 mile run, i thought i had a rock stuck in the bottom, but it was actually a part of the &#34;bio web&#34; witch is plastic, is now broken, Its on the inside edge of the shoe.
B008F17R2K Pretty legit They are good shoes. Great support. A little cheap looking in my opinion but definitely do the job. They may run a tad big but not by much. I'm between a 9 and 9/12 and these work fine. I got em half off so I am pretty up on then but if I would have had to pay 100, then idk if I would be as stoked on them.
B008F17R2K very nice product It's a very nice product, although the sole could be more comfortable and soft. But I still like it a lot.
B008F17R2K Lightweight, Comfy but eaisly Breakable I love these shoes, I've had them for a few months now and they are lightweight, well ventilated, fun looking and comfy. Down side is, that lattice looking trim is made of a hard plastic and breaks quite easily. Now every step I take I hear a loud *SNAP*
B008F17R2K Good value. Seems to be holding up well, my grandsons are happy with them will re evaluate back in in a few months.
B008F17R2K Aweful!! I am an avid runner and not sure why I went with this product. In my opinion these shoes are not at all good for running. I suggest go with Asics and you be happy
B008F17R2K A lot of compliments I have received many compliments with these shoes.  They are extremely confortable and amazing that they have acheived this with only memory foam type soles.
B008F17R2K foot wear The running shoes where very comfortable i'v had them for 3 months now and there still good some of the web has snap from its attach meant but its not noticeable really.
B008F17R2K Painful I work in a hospital and I thought these would work for me considering they're made for running. However they are very painful to walk in all day. The first day day I wore them to work I just thought that they needed to be broken in. It's been two weeks and these shoes are still as painful now as they were then. Usually I buy Asics but this time I wanted to try something different. Look like I'll be buying another pair of asics.
B008F17R2K very good I bought it for my husband, it fits him very well. It is the right he looks for.  Will recommend it to friends.
B008F195AW LOVE IT !! I ordered this for my boyfriend. he looks great in it. He is a hevaier guy and this slims him. It shipped super fast. The material is light weight so he will wear it in the lighter fall/winter months. Wouldn't look to this jacket for outside warmth in very cold weather, but perfect if you don't wanna blast the heat inside or wearing outdoors in chiily but not cold weather.
B008F2AJ9W Light weight and comfortable! Very nice zip up.Light weight and moisture wicking.  This zip up hoodie is nice, it is light weight but warm, it also helps keep you from getting too warm.  It is comfortable and I love it.
B008F2AJ9W It's a Great Hoodie It's a Great Hoodie, is exactly how in the image and description. am very happy with my hoodie Puma. Thanks
B008F2B7JS Great workout shorts! I really like these shorts.  I don't care for the slick running shorts, and I have to have pockets for outdoor running, and they're convenient to have at the gym too.  The pockets are a little small, but I don't carry much with me on my runs or to the gym so it's all good.  I also searched for the drawstring feature, as I've lost 30 lbs so far, and need to be able to tighten the shorts when running.  Very comfortable too!  They're more huggy around the bottom than other shorts I have, but everything is still covered, as I lose more weight I'm sure I'll have less &#34;huggy&#34;.  :)
B008F2BEWI Cutest 3/4 pants I own I'm a dancer and am always looking for clothes that are cute, light and easy. The price point was great on these and I love the ruched bottoms. Super cute!
B008F2BWV6 To Thin Did not meet standard of Puma gear previously experienced. I have lots of Puma gear & this fell way short.
B008F2BWV6 Love love love These tights are amazing I love them I wear them working out, I wear them out shopping, i wear them everywhere they are so comfortable
B008F2DOOE I live in these at home. I don't work out or run in these, but these are my throwing on as soon as I get home capris.  I love them because they are so comfortable.
B008F2DOOE A Perfect Fit These pants are form fitting without being uncomfortable.  I love the length and plan to order more in other colors!
B008F2DOOE Nice pants Nice fabric, not too heavy.  Very comfortable for exercise . Good fit May have to get another pair; will be wearing them a lot .
B008F2DOOE Great fitness pants As expected a good quality pant from Puma, however be warned Cabaret is not red or even close to it, it is a vivid hot pink, even though I wouldn't have ordered hot pink I have kept it anyway.Other colours are true to screen model.
B008F3QOAE So breathable The fabric is great, so lightweight and I love the hand covers. Pockets don't lose things either which is nice
B008F408WS love it! im wearing it  right  now . i did 2 hours workout! so comfyperfect  for  run and lift weights.recommend it 100%the colours are very bright. i like it
B008FQWRX4 Excellent! Beautiful watch...Very useful... is possible to use with casual clothes, sport clothes and formal clothes. To use all the time
B008FUC2G2 very thin pants The pants are very thin and see through. They are super inexpensive so I decided they would be better used as sleepwear or under a dress. They are more like stocking tights than pants. 3 stars because you can repurpose them.
B008H27JZW awesome lightweight sneakers My son really likes these sneakers.was thinking twice about ordering for him on line but no regrets. Will be ordering more
B008H27ODO Hardly found this The only white with red lines and middle placed strings kids Puma I could find on ebay and Amazon. Normally and in local stores this color is available only for adults. So I finally could fulfill my kid's insistence on this configuration. The quality seems excellent, lets hope it would survive usage.
B008HTOO44 Great sweater Great fitted sweater for the fall time. I buy all my clothes through premier and they seem to always keep me coming back woth great quality and customer service.
B008HTOO44 soooo comfy a must buy Love this product sweatshirt is soo comfy cant wait for cooler weather to wear it often ..fits perfectly I bought a few love them
B008I3WQX0 Did not advertise material correctly The product is incorrectly advertised.  The shorts are polyester not cotton.  I am allergice to polyester and now have to return and pay for packaging costs myself because the site misadvertised the shorts.
B008I3WQX0 i like are what you see on the page, it was i order, I taste and I were well. i like it
B008I55LHQ Strange waist, but like the pants otherwise These pants are great in hot weather or cool weather.  I wore them for the first time today and it was a hot day and then a cool day.  It was great to convert them from capris to long pants.  They fit nice and loose in the legs but the waist is quite strange.  The waist is very tight, like they almost took the waist from a smaller pair and put them on these pants.  It takes me a minute to get them up over my hips doing the wiggle dance and then they are fine but the waist is snug...
B008I55LHQ Casual style or sports warm-up I'm nearly 5'5&#34; and 137 lbs and the size 8 fits perfectly. Really happy with these pants. Styling, detail and color were as the photo and model displayed.
B008J0VC0A Cute, comfy and sporty. Just as displayed, I didnt notice it was &#34;mesh&#34;when I ordered.  However the fabric was nice and the mesh was more of a texture then wholes it worked out just fine.  Comfy and cute. Great for layering
B008J0VC0A Awesome This jacket fits great.  Loose enough to run in comfortably but still cut true to size.  The mesh breathes really well.
B008J0VC0A Nice Very nice and comfy . I do recommend this product . edee eeee ee ee e e ee e ee
B008J0VIQS petronas It feels like a member of the team... Go lewis and the mercedes AMG petronas team... nice fit and good design..
B008J0VM28 Happy Im a huge F1 fan and this is my favorite jacket to wear when I goto my f1 bar for the races.
B008J0VMP0 don't bother After buying this item it was too short and no elastic in sleeves or waist. The inside felt like scratchy cardboard
B008J0W0XS It is awesome!!! I really like this polo. It is so cool and the craft is so nice. I can not love it more!!!!!!!!!!!!
B008J0W4P2 loved it My husband lived this. It's soft & looks so much nicer in person. He looks doesn't good in this & is perfect for fall/winter climates...not too thick or too thin.
B008J0W4P2 Awesome buy for your money!!! This was an amazing buy!!! Very nice fit I bought it for my brother for Christmas and this dude is never excited about anything but he was excited about this.
B008J0W4P2 Husband loves it!!! Super nice quality and very stylish, if you know someone with a BMW this is a super gift! Fits great, He wears an XL in sweatshirts because he has long arms and he is tall and the XL was true to size.
B008J12WVM Forza Ferrari Indosso questa maglia con grande orgoglio come ho sempre stato un ferrarista, &egrave; molto confortevole e fresco nella stagione calda.
B008J12WVM Product does not match description from display Product does not match description from display, its a simple polo shirt , and not the one from the photo
B008J2Q5EG Soccer coach perfection I bought this watch in order to keep track of the time while coaching my son's soccer practices and games.  Sweatproof and easy to read with a timer that can either count up or down.  Perfect for the job!!
B008J2T6AG Nice and Simple Larger than I thougth, made rough and with good materials. It was for my wife.Very modern design and easy to read.
B008J2T6AG Love it! Got it as a gift for my mom, she says that she loves how big the display is so she can always read the time.  The multi-alarm function really helps her as well.
B008J2T6AG Nice size display I bought this as it has a good display for the date not only the time.  I need this function as I am always using it at work.
B008J3C0I0 Perfect fit and length Granddaughter wore out last pua pant so I got her 2.  Soft, well fitted and perfect length.  She likes them because they are so comfortable and fashionable
B008J3CJ7C 5 yr old gift Got this as an xmas gift for my boyfriends daughter who is 5.The material is extremely soft and comfortable. The zipper is easy to use and she is able to zip it up on her own. I suggest hang drying this to avoid shrinking.
B008J3CJ7C Good hoodie, but thin material My daughter liked the hoodie, the sparkly picture on the front looks nice. Hovewer I expected it to be thicker material, it is quite thin. Maybe good for summer time but not a warm hoodie at all.
B008J3CJ7C Love it Great lightweight jacket and stylish too!! The hood is a generous size and covers my 4 yr olds head completely which is great if it drizzles outside.  Love it!
B008J3CJ7C good lightweight hoodie I actually thought that this hoodie was going to be a little bit heavier/warmer than it is.  It is more along the lines of a track jacket than a sweatshirt.  That being said it is very nice and looks absolutely adorable on my daughter.
B008J3GD92 review These are a great fit for my daughterand perfect shape.  I love the colour and the she loves the glitter wording
B008J3GD92 Fits Perfectly I purchased this product for my daughter who is taking jazz this semesterand I wanted her to have a few different, comfortable outfits to wear. Herfavorite color is purple so I thought that the Puma pants would fit my needsperfectly.When my daughter tried on the pants, they fit perfectly! The purple colorwas very bold and beautiful. The only thing I didn't like is that I also orderedthe purple hoodie, but it ran small. I was happy with the pants and my daughterwas happy with them as well.
B008J3GD92 Great pant A little pricy but they wash and well so nicely. Soft and comfortable. Grand daughter prefers these over stiff jeans
B008J3GD92 Very comfortable They are very comfortable. My daugher is not overly thin, but its elastic waist is good around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. Good quality. And we try Puma - Kids Girls 7-16 Big Core Yoga Pant. It is comfortable too.
B008J3HWDS great black pants The color is just as seen online, and the material just as nice. Fits closer to the legs than expected, but not to the point of looking like workout stretch pants. if your child is one who does not like for their clothes to touch them, this may not be a good choice for the child, however otherwise, this is really a Great buy.
B008J3HWDS Nice pants This are very nice pants.  They fit well and way nicely.  My daughter is tall and slim. She loves these.
B008K03B6C cute and stylish I have serveral of these and always get many compliments.  I am 5'2&#34; and these hit me right below the knee so they are a perfect fit.  There is plenty of room in the hip area and super comfy.
B008KABT7U Great for sport in fall I bought this short for allmy boys in every color. Its rare to get long sleeve top in this kind of fabric. would be really great to play sport in cooler day. However for general wear  prefer Puma cotton blands one.
B008KABZ9M great for tennis From all sport cloth brand of Amazon.com, Pumais my favourite. Its always fits well, good cut, quality of fabricks, nice desins. kids likes to wear it and its comfortable. this top will be great for playing sport inless sunny weather.
B008KH204O It's warm! This coat showed up packaged very well and with tags to confirm size and cleaning~very helpful.  Nice info to have right off the bat.
B008KI3HS6 Good value and suitable for low resistance exercise. A bit low cut for my liking.  Ideal for my pilates/ cardio workouts at home.  It was good value so I can't complain.
B008KIE4FQ Great outfit I love the kids puma outfits for my little one to go to cousins basketball games or great for lounge wear and traveling
B008KIE4FQ Great Buy Exactly as described. Arrived on time. Just need to find one that matches for his dad. Looking for pink ones to match his mother and sister.
B008KIE4FQ cool stuff nice fit for 2 year baby boy looks nice fits nice i love to have that set thanks seller :)
B008KIE4FQ Love this! This is such a great outfit for the price. It wears great & is so stylish!  The material is very durable & does not damage even with my crazy toddler!
B008KJ5MWY granddaughter's review I love my Puma jacket. it is soft and very comfortable. I also love the color and found the matching pants at Macy's. When my mother washed it it did not shrink at all. Thanks Nana
B008KJ5MWY great product good products!!!!! However, this sizes are for girls under 9 years old because the sizes are for little girls no for teens
B008KJ5MWY Middle School daughter loves it Bright, cheerful color; soft fabric.  Like most Puma items tend to run small. Not the warmest sweatshirt - on the thinner side. My daughter wears it indoors with t-shirts during the winter.
B008KJ5MWY Nice colour that stays after washing Nice practical outfit for school. My kids go to school in France, so no uniforms... I thught it would be a little warmer though.
B008KJ5Q5W Nice but a little short I bought this for my 10 year old and though it fits her and is very comfortable it is a little on the short side.  The XL would have been too big but perhaps would have been a better choice.
B008L717ME Pumas LOVE these shoes.My favorite sneaker right now. They are very slender though so if you have a larger foot I would not buy.
B008LBN6ZQ Nice shorts I joined a new soccer team that wears white shorts, so I bought these. I usually wear a size small (5'10', 130 lb), and these shorts fit perfectly. They aren't too short or too long, and compared to other women's soccer shorts I've had, I like that these have a slightly more feminine cut.
B008LBN6ZQ Very See-Through More see-through than expected.  Have to wear spandex shorts underneath them.  So I don't wear them as often as my other shorts, however the material and everything else was as expected.
B008M7S5NC PUMA Serve Pro L/S Shoe,Black Coffee/Whisper White,9.5 D US Men's/11 D US Loved this shoes. It's really comfortable. One issue is that it's a bit bigger for me. Oh well, just put on the right socks and it's should be OK.
B008N841N8 nice it fits really nice on my kid i would recommand this jacket t everybody hou have kids.overall great jacket .
B008OVYKAI Love my puma socks Love these socks they are a great fit , they are pretty and of good quality and material. I would purchase them again if I ever needed them.
B008PEJOKK Wearing them out! My son loves these! He's almost 2 and I think he might actually wear these out before he grows out of them!
B008PFWBGS Sad not selled anymore This was one of the best pants. True to the size and special fabric - nice t touch and stay in shape after many washes. Price was great too for them.
B008PG37C4 Pants My son is 10 and I bought him a medium.  They are a little long but I hope he will be wearing them soon.He likes them
B008PJIJIS perfect the blue part is kind of like wind breaker material which is great as it offers extra protection against cold weather for back and chest.  fits great on my soon to be 7yr old.
B008PJJ220 Thick and warm These are great. Came in new package. Being that winter is supposed to be over, ( it is still cold!) it was hard finding good warm track pants. These fit well and are soft.
B008PT3SCU Beautiful Colors!! My son really liked the colors on the jacket, it goes well with his school colors. He also like how it fits and how comfortable it is.Thank you!
B008PT3SCU He loves it ! The grand son wears this all the time. When it's real cold he'll put on a jacket but for the most part he's in this .  I'd buy from the seller again no problems with the shipping or damage.
B008QX8VWM Must Have Not only are these shoes extremely comfortable, they look good as well as I receive compliments about them at every course I've been to this year.  Also I have not noticed any miss grip when I have bad form that keeps my ankle planted to the ground like I have with other golf shoes.  Highly recommend!
B008QX8VWM Looks great Lightweight and comfortable. Looks greats also. Only negative would be that they are a little stuff our of the box but still are comfortable.
B008QX8VWM blue angel these shoes are perfect , great fit, looks great @! wish i could order more with different colors ! very happy
B008QX8VWM GREAT PRODUCT! This is what I expected. Very comfortable. I feel like it has improved my game. Very light weight, love the colors, love the brand.
B008QX8VWM Buy Puma golf gear! Best shoe I've ever owned, comfort performance durability! The colors available are more than any other brand, style and class.
B008QX8VWM Excellent Excellent product. Very comfortable I get many compliments. I've played 4 rounds in them highly recommend. I would definately purchase them again.
B008QX8VWM Great Spikes Awesome fit...Awesome look and feel. Great price from Amz....got many compliments on the style. Hard to beat this price point..
B008QX8VWM very nice looking shoes I don't golf, but I loved the looks of these shoes enough that I bought them with the idea of having the cleats removed and a 1/4 inch thick sole added by a shoe repair shop.
B008QXBTF8 SWEET!! Great shoes!!!! It met all my needs and is comfortable anywhere anytime!!! Absolutely recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to look good and feel good
B008QXBTF8 Terrible... The second time wearing these and during play 2 cleats popped off. The cleats just click in, so if you swing hard the cleats pop out.
B008QXBTF8 nice shooes but they squeek with each step the shoe fits true to size. is very nice in appearance but the upper materials (looks like [patent leather) cause them to creak or squeek with each step which is why i only gave them 3 stars (as &#34;ok&#34;). i thought they would break in and it would go away, but after 4 rounds of golf, they are still the same. i like the shoes but probably wouldn't buy another pair of them in the future because of that.
B008QY0KMK Between a 10 and 10.5... I always have a little problem getting the sizing to be perfect, but these shoes are very comfortable and they look awesome.Recommendation: don't go walk 7,000 yards without getting part of a round in with these shoes first or else you'll find yourself with blisters on your heels like I do right now.
B008QY0KMK Very Comfortable! Most comfortable golf shoe I've had.  Seems a bit warm and it's winter time.  Hopefully it won't be too hot in the summer.
B008QY0MWS They look awesome and the colors are vivid but unfortunately it was ... They look awesome and the colors are vivid but unfortunately it was the absolute narrowest shoe I've ever tried on. No chance of fitting.
B008QY0MWS Five Stars The shoes are great
B008QY0MWS snug but ok A little snug compared to 11 1/2 Regular shoes in the store. They are leather and stretching a little. They will be ok.
B008QY0MWS Good inexpensive shoes Just played my first round in them and are quite comfortable. The caveat is new shoes don't always enhance your game.........
B008QY0MWS Great Shoes These shoes fits great and they are very comfortable.  I will purchase other colors. I am very very pleased with this purchase!
B008QY0MWS Very impressive Comfortable and stylish, but what really impressed me was the grip. I was doubtful whether the shoes would be that stable to play in, but they are really solid. Even playing in heavy early morning dew there was no sign of any slipping. Straight out of the box they were  comfortable for 18 holes.
B008QY0MWS Otherwise perfect. Super comfortable and stylish yet discrete Just a little long in the toe. Otherwise perfect. Super comfortable and stylish yet discrete.
B008QY0MWS Good shoes Very comfortable shoes, wore them for 18 holes the day after I got them and they felt great.  I'm not sure if these are water resistant, but the course was soaked and my feet were dry.  Very happy with the purchase.
B008QY0MWS Great look!! Fits perfect. Looks great. Well built
B008QY0MWS Takes a couple of rounds to break, but awesome thereafter... Looks great, feels comfortable and has great on course grip.....Well worth the money....Am about to look at what other color options are available....
B008QY0MWS Standard Sizing is true to Puma (about a half size larger than Nike's). Comfortable but I wouldn't say theirs any kind of wow factor. Grip is Okay. Overall for the price its whats to be expected but nothing more
B008QY0MWS Cost effective for a newbie I picked these up before my second lesson. Fit is just fine, I wear a 10 to 10.5 and these work. Had a 2 hr lesson and no blisters or friction and a sturdy platform for balance. Would buy again and may in another color
B008QY0MWS Exceptional Value Reall;y a nice shoe. Very comfortable and no break-in required; wore the shoes for 18 holes of golf and then some.
B008QY0MWS Five Stars Good
B008QY0MWS Nice shoe, grip well These golf shoes grip well, look well, and fit well and at a  very decent price. These are  comfortable golf shoes.
B008QY0MWS Great Golf Shoe Got these for my husband and he loves them. They're comfy, look great and come in great colors.  Would buy again.
B008QY0MWS Great afternoon shoes Very comfortable, good grip when dry outside. Not the best for early morning golf when dew is on the ground.
B008QY0MWS Great golf and daily shoe I played 2 rounds of gold in these shoes, loved the traction and the comfort.And of course the classic Puma design looks simple and awesome.
B008QY0MWS They look great These look great on and off the golf course, keep in mind they do have small rubber golf cleats, however they are a little snug in the toe box. Maybe they will break in after time but so far its been two weeks and still a little snug.
B008QY0MWS Puma Golf Very casual and comfortable, not the same support of a traditional golf shoe but if you are buying these you are not a traditional golfer.
B008QY0MWS Puma Rocks Awesome golf shoes. ....looks great. . feels great...this is my last review. .. don't tell me how many words to use. .. this is my review not yours. ..
B008QY0MWS First time  today Shoes are fine just need some wear to break in for real comfort. Looking forward to the next round of golf.
B008QY0TJO very nice These are very comfortable. Wore them the first day I received them and never had a problem. Lots of complements from by group.
B008QY0TJO pums men's golf shoes Very contemporary design. Looks good. Good fit and comfortable. Great price too. Well built and design gives waterproof protection. Highly recommended.
B008QY0TJO Very Nice They conform nicely to your feet, and are very comfortable. got some nice compliments on them on the course.I saw them at golf Galaxy for $99-....bought them online from Amazon for $59-.....GREAT!
B008QY1N9O Orange is bright...A little Ricky Fowlerish, or Tennessee Volsish, but still These shoes seem to fit fine, and seem comfortable (although it's February in Montana, and I have only worn them for a few hours around the house and at an indoor range).  I took them to an indoor range and hit full drivers until I was tired out, and the shoes felt great.  I roll up hard on my left shoe, and they are flexible without being soft, and I discovered no rub spots.  Seems to be pretty good lateral stability, and the insole cradled my feet well without undue slop and slide.
B008QY1N9O True sizing. Comfortable, light and they grip. For the price a great deal. Maybe not the most attractive, but at this price?
B008QY1N9O Bang for the buck THese shoes fit exceptionally well, and were as comfortable as the $90 Nikes I tried on.  After 4 rounds they are still snug but are breaking in quit well.  Highly recommend them.
B008QY1N9O awesome My father n law loves them..he is very happy wit them...my fiance has the orange and white ones too and he loves them
B008QY1X0S Nice shoes I went to Dicks sporting goods and couldn't find any golf shoes for under $100. The orange Pumas I wanted were $150. These were $50. I've worn them a few times, they seem water tight but haven't been tested. They're pretty comfortable. I did already lose a spike so tighten up.
B008QY1X0S Love Love Love These shoes are rock solid - people are looking at my golf attire now instead of my bad swing. Word
B008QY1X0S Very comfortable shoe These shoes are comfortable and have a classic look to them gets attention from other players around me, many compliments on these shoes.Thanks,Eddie
B008QY1X0S son loves 'em He's a Puma fan and these were comfortable right out of the box...he even liked the price better...I just wondered why the blue ones were $25.00 more...
B008QY1X0S Awesome Very comfortable!  Have not played in them yet, but I am very happy with the feel and appearance of them!  Also glad I ordered the wide which I could not find in stores!
B008QY1X0S puma golf shoes the puma golf shoes were priced excellent, the design is uniques and different than the designs i have seen in the local pro shopsthanks again for the quick processing of the order
B008QY1X0S Nice Shoe Got these for my son, but haven't been on the course with them yet however he likes the fit, style and comfort.
B008QY1X0S Slips right in. I have gone through 2 golf shoes, and wore some Nike Freerun's on my last game simple so I wouldn't fall apart on the 16th hole with arch pains.These PUMA AMP sport shoes are exactly what I was looking for. They glue to the ground as needed with a swing, and feel light as a feather when I'm running after a squirrel who stole my ball.I wear a lot of size 10, size 10.5 and 11's and average around a 10.5. If you average here, stay here and get yourself a 10.5. I can slip into the shoes, but they won't slip off in a swing. It makes it easy for me to swap in and out before and after a game, and stay with me everywhere in between. I have have been walking on eggshells lately doing my best to keep them clean. I'll be updating this in the future with how they clean off, and how the wear mark comes in just past my toes.
B008QY1X0S Looks great and feels the same. Iliked the look of the golf shoe and was not disapointed when I got them.I give them a five star rating.
B008QY1X0S Very comfortable I love these golf shoes. My feet never got tired during my 2 day 36 hole golf trip. Very impressed.
B008QY1X0S Finally! It took a long time to find golf shoes that fit. Now I have them. They feel good and work well. Thanks Puma!
B008QY1X0S Great shoes. Very comfortable and the cleats are easy to take off and put back on. I still suck at golf, but at least I look good doing it.
B008QY1X0S I get the good wife award! I bought these shoes and a matching glove for my husband for a fun golf gift.  He was in desperate need of new golf shoes and these fit him perfectly and had a matching glove.  Perfect!
B008QY3N5Q Comfortable shoes Great price and comfortable for four hours on the golf course.Slightly too big, otherwise they are fine. Would definitely buy again.
B008QY3N5Q No arch supports needed! Best shoe I have used. I usually take a riding cart when I play golf. But, I tried to walk and the shoes helped a lot. I walked 18 and I had no pain and it feels like you are walking on a sponge. I have low arches and the shoes helped. I didn't have to use my arch supports and I had no pain. Really good product and looks really nice.
B008QY3N5Q Awesome !! Awesome shoes . Very comfy . Took the spikes off to get a spikless feel and it's just as grippy (will put them back on eventually) . Played in the wet an dry and have no problems . I rate these shoes an. I certainitly will be buying from the puma range again !
B008QY3N5Q lightweight and stable Great shoe, very lightweight but also provides good stability.  Nice clean lines.  I have a couple other Puma golf shoes and they're all great, especially for a guy who likes a little more personality in their golf attire.
B008R9Y0V6 daughter was very happy with shoes got shoes for my daughter. She  very happy when they came. They were very well made , they  fit very well and look  great.
B008R9Y0V6 I love it Very comfortable!Excellent!
B008R9Y0V6 perfect Love them!  the size fits perfect!  the look so nice on me because I'm little and they make me taller ! Looks just like the pictures!
B008R9Y0V6 super cute sneaks!! My newest shoe love is for wedge sneaks and I love these ones. They're super comfortable and they look absolutely adorable with a little skirt or shorts. Would recommend these to anybody that's looking for a some kicks that add some height and leg length.
B008R9Y0V6 Daughter loves them My 15 yr old daughter is 4'11 and she wanted to get a little height when she is out with her friends.  She wears these all the time!!! she says they are comfortable and look great with jeans.  She wants different colored pumas.  She has tried different brands of wedges but she says they are not as comfortable or stable as the Pumas.  I highly recommend these to anyone that wants to be a few inches taller and not want to wear dress heels all the time.
B008R9Y0V6 It's all the rage I like the feel and fit of the shoe except that it seems to be a higher lift than 1 inches - more like 2-3 inches.
B008RAGKBS Very cute, and good price Very cute, and good price. The shoes are very comfortable, the size is correct. Only that the part of back, it looks like plastic
B008RAGKBS Very comfortable As a &#34;Puma&#34; fan I was quick to grab these for the low price offered. After running in them all my aches and pains were gone, love the shoes.
B008RAGKBS Colors are a lot brighter than I expected Shoes are super comfortable.  The blue and orange are almost neon colored.  They are really bright.  Came with orange and blue laces.  Great Puma shoe.
B008RAGKBS great fit Good purchase for me, great run on the field and the  treadmill  I can walk for miles and miles without feeling any discomfort.
B008RAGKBS stylish and some what comfortable..... The look really nice.  I am a gray type of person with shoes so the style is right.  I have had pumas before and know my arches and the flat style don't agree all the time.  Will be using insoles with these for workouts.
B008RAGKBS Comfy Shoes Very good shoes. I purchased these for work.  I am on my feet 12 hour days and these are supportive and comfortable.  My feet are never sore after a long day. I have used them for light running too but I rarely find time to do it.
B008RAGKBS excelent Thank for the product, i am very happy, i recomended,it is perfect and confort, i love puma, always buy puma
B008RAHE8Q shoelaces don't know if it is the fashionable style of the shoelaces, but these shoelaces are really flat yarns. sometimes when i tying my shoes, it feels like i'm about to break the shoelaces. they are flat yarns. no inner core. might get some $2 replacement shoelaces. also, it doesn't come in a shoebox, it comes in a red recycled bag from puma.
B008RAZL0Y AWESOME! I got this as a present for my boyfriend and he looooved them from the first moment he saw them, they fit perfectly and he says they are super comfy!
B008RAZL0Y Puma and BMW, great. BMW wear by Puma wears nice and seems to me to be very durable.Let's see if is that true.
B008RB17OM Beautiful finish The picture online simply does not do this shoe justice. It has a beautiful smooth matte satin finish. The colors are spot on. My husband loves them and wants to wear them all the time.
B008RB17OM Cool!!! I bought this for my bro........... and he loves so...........looks just as the picture shows...........colour and everthing. Fits great too
B008RB3A1A Cool Everything's fine, but euro 45 fits to me. My real size is euro 42. Expecting more similar designs from Puma.
B008RLXJCK waterproof?? I bought these shoes on Ebay, they are beautifull,easy to clean, but my feet got wet the very first day I wore them.Therefore although described as waterproof, they are not.
B008RLXJCK Perfect Fit!!! I normally wear a size 11/12. These are so amazingly comfortable and I am so glad I bought them. I haven't tried them out on the course yet, but they are so comfortable I might just wear them around the house!!!! The insides are well supported and comfortable!
B008RLXJCK Women's Golf Shoes  Puma The purchaser is a man.  Kirk is a male name. These shoes were purchased for my wife, not for me.  She loves them.
B008RLY7NK Super cute! I love these shoes! They are super cute and very comfy! They work perfectly on the fairway! Puma shoes are a fav anyway.
B008RLY7NK Nice golf shoe but it's HOT These shoes are cute and do their job but they are very hot! They are made from man-made materials with no breathability. Even with the thinnest socks they are still hot. They might be better for cold weather since your feet will be furnaces. I still like them and and they are the least expensive golf shoes I could find, plus I love Puma.
B008RLY7NK Love these shoes! I was so glad I purchased these shoes! They are very comfortable to play golf in and not to mention, I get tons of compliments on them!
B008RLY7NK Wonderful! Fits well and looks great. Haven't wear on course yet but already love it while trying it on. Value for money as well
B008RLY7NK Matched my golf set! They fit perfect !!!!! Also match my golf set just right!!! The colors are perfect and not to bold. :)
B008RLY7NK Best gold shoes ever This is my 4th pair of golf shoes and by far they win.  I wear them mostly wthout socks but sometimes with socks.  Both ways are comfortable.  They are the best ever.
B008U5K7EQ Nice Great toddler sneaker true to size, perfect. Was looking for an all white sneakers without lace and was very glad I stumbled upon this.
B008UAP610 Its great! my brother found this and he ask me to buy it for him, there was no reviews so i was a bit hesitant to get it. BUT i'm happy with it, the price is reasonable, and it came in a box with the puma warranty and everything. Its great and shipping on time.
B008UR96XW SomeWhat Big Not bad, but there is a defect sizes because I like what is measured is written sizesI hope to put exact totally Ahead measurements
B008UR99TI tee wish the tee was a softer cotton, but still a good tee! you could even say it's good for girls too with the leopard print :)
B008USM89A Very Cute My daughter loves &#34;comfy clothes&#34;. She is about to turn 7. We bought a 6x... Fits snug. She will be able to wear it for a couple months. Should have bought a 7. It looks adorable on her:-)
B008UT7P9C you send other number that i buy and i don't think that is good send other number i choose number 3 very bat you send other number that i buy and i don't think that is good send other number i choose number 3 very batWe welcome your honest opinion about products - positive or negative. We do not remove reviews because they are critical. We believe all helpful information can inform our customers&#8217; buying decisions. If you have questions about the product or opinions that do not fit the review format, please feel free to use the Customer Discussions feature on the product page.
B008UUH4FQ Stylish (however thin material) LOVE IT.  Great jacket.  Well designed.  I wouldn't call it very functional necessarily as far as warmth.  The material is very thin.  Transparent even.  You could see right through it.  I mean that quite literally.  Any shirt you wear will be clearly visible - its pattern, its cut, its texture.  But besides that, it's a great fit.  And it's a cool new take on the Jamaica jacket.
B008VOEY2M winter cool This is a great urban winter boot. Love the blue and lime accents, and the black goes with everything. They're very comfortable, but I do wish they had a little more arch support (I have high arches). That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. I've only worn these in light snow and sleet, so I can't vouch for their weather worthiness-I have a more heavy duty boot for big time snow. But light winter snow and rain, these are fine.
B008VOEY2M Very nice I have not used them yet but plan to when it snows. They seem very comfortable when I received them and tried them on.ncant wait to use them
B008VQO9AC Simply amazing! I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and were so cheap! My only complaint is that I have a hard time matching them to outfits, but is that really a problem? I have wide feet and these were perfect. Not only that, but they were nice and flat on the bottom, unlike some of the other Pumas that have the "ball" or whatever in the middle. In my opinion you can't find anything better for the price!
B008VQO9AC Would order again and again... Love these shoes! I've worn other Pumas in the past and loved them but they were made out of different materials so I was hoping these wouldn't fit different! They don't, they fit perfectly! Would recommend them to anyone! For anyone wondering about sizes, the sizes run a bit small, I'm usually a 9-9.5 but have to order 10s in these. Delivery estimate was a week to a week and a half, and they got here in 3 days! Super fast shipping!!
B008VQOGQ4 Great shoes! These shoes were a wonderful purchase - good price, comfortable, and unusual/stylish. Definitely recommend them if you're looking for something trendy but special!
B008VQPB4A Comfortable and... ...very light and sturdy.  We used this in a professional production, and the dancer said it was one of the most comfortable and well-supported &#34;non-dance&#34; footwear they'd worn.  It gave great traction without impeding fast turns, and gave excellent support to the feet.
B008VTCX1Q Fleece LOove it, Love it! Exactly what I have been looking for and at such a great price, just had to order.
B008VUG4FG Good overall shoes My son loves them its just that they perfect for winter time they are suede and they make his feet sweety in the summer especially he is very active.
B008VUG4FG Just the cutest shoes for a little girl ever. Awesome. What else can I say. These shoes are absolutely adorable, fit well, and my daughter loves them. I was thrilled to finds tiny Pumas, let alone in these colors and am very happy with my purchase. Starting my daughter early with some stylin' kicks and she is more than willing to show them off.
B008VUG4FG Love them. So fresh Love em. My son loves them. They are just what I expected th to be just like when I was younger
B008VUG4FG Perfect Fit My son loves these shoes.  He said they are very comfortable.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact the sole has the white band around it, but I knew that before I bought them.  I bought them anyway because he wanted them so badly......  They really look nice though!
B008VUG4FG just like dads and perfect They are so durable and fit perfect. Our son is two and shoes typically bother him , however these do not bother him at all. Im in love with them. The price is great and beats anything I found local
B008VUJBLA Very Bright Red Fits to size; very bright red color, tends to stand out; very stylish, great buy for any Puma ol'skool fan
B008VUJBLA Daughter loves them - gets lots of complements too Christmas gift.  I had these as a kid. Great all purpose playground shoe. Tough, comfortable, good looking.  Suede doesn't look so great with a standard rough child's care though so be prepared!
B008VUJBLA Pumas Rock These are the best old school Pumas love them. Comfortable and go with a lot best ever Tara Thank You
B008VV0TJ2 Terrible Velcro This shoe is ok. Really cute, problem is the Velcro doesn't hold up. It started shredding after only a couple of wears.
B008VV0TJ2 not agood shoe the tongue constantly slips..CMON PUMA!!! My kid hates them..here are the rest of my 15 words..blah blah blah blah blah
B008VV0TJ2 good! So comfortable shoes, it is worth it!Light and good-looking! Children also like!Wear is really beautiful!Later will come again!Puma shoes model is especially suitable for my kids!
B008VV1KZE Bright, cute, and comfortable Bought these in size 10 for my 3 year old, they fit his narrow foot and are easy to walk in (not too stiff like some brands). The velcro is strong and never comes loose. Also, his entire preschool class gave him tons of compliments thanks to the bright colors!
B008VV1KZE Cute My daughter loves these shoes. They do run true to size so keep that in mind. She says that they are comfy.  Very cute!
B008VV1KZE suggestion good morning and could not receive the product because no tube to electronic signature and took longer than usual for the near future putting on the firm to avoid disappointment
B008VV1KZE Comfortable It is very light and so comfortable. My daughter liked so much wanted to order next size up as well.
B008VV1KZE Nice shoe for those that don't want laces My daughter is 6 and I got these for her for camp so she wouldn't have to worry about laces. They are holding up well. I would but them again.
B008WYGTCY Great for the rain I have taken to wearing these flats with plain work dresses - they spice up the outfit.  Rubber upper makes these flats nice for rainy days.
B008X04KR8 Great product Very comfortable and great looking!!!!  Roomy fit and easy to walk in. Highly recommended. Great color combination and perfect for fall golf.
B008XAUJB4 Beautiful shoes and very durable I chose my rating because this vendor deserves it. These shoes are made very well. They are also an amazing value and I would recommend these to anyone who likes the colors
B008XAUJB4 So comfy my daughter is so happy with her new sparkle shoes.They are soft and comfy, very satisfied with these purchase.
B00903XD6Q Gift to my Boyfriend My boyfriend loved these and I loved that I got them on sale! They seem to be made of extremely durable canvas and look great on.
B00904HPDM perfect gift My gyrlfriend love it, its a really nice present for her!!, looks pretty with itI recomended 100% or if you will gift it it a good choice
B0093ZTNRY Nice tee It is a little expensive because it is just a tee but it looks good and fit perfect I really like it
B0094FBNGC AHMED , DUBAI this one is a bit bigger , I hope if I wash 10 time it well get a bit smaller :)
B0097DQ0Z0 Five Stars arrived in good condition, as is shown by the very comfortable in. I love
B0097EJ7M2 Love it love it ... very attractive ... my friends like it. I am definately buying another .. it will be worth it. Product was delivered on time and packaged very good.
B0097Q306Y Fits perfectly to most of the people... Fine class materials, in accodance to the high profile of the Ferrari blend. the design is italian... What more can I say?
B0097QBGO2 Is Original the sweater is beautiful just like to know if it is original because it says made &#8203;&#8203;in china thanks for your comments
B0097YHQ16 I Love It!! I gave this 5 starts because it really fits perfectly and also very comfortable to wear i would defiantly recommend it to a friend.
B0097YHQ16 awesome Bought these as a gift for my daughter & she loves them! The color combo is delightful & the style just what she was looking for. At first they felt a little small & I thought we might have to exchange, but after wearing around the house for about 20 minutes, she said they settled into her foot size & were fitting perfectly. Thanks for making my girl happy!
B0098IBSTM Perfect shoes I love them! I suggest them to anyone who likes running or train as a daily basis, thank you so much.
B0098IBSTM comfortable, eye-catching Colorful, comfortable, eye-catching, and good quality.
B0098IBSTM I love it I'm very happy with this shoes it's so comfortable and the colors is so nice I like it and I will take another one but different types
B0098IBSTM comfortable sneaker this sneaker is different! fit well, looks good, the colors are crazy but mix well. all in a good way! If you like'em get'em!S.ThomasWest Chester,Pa
B0098IBSTM Thank you I hope I understand but I just want them back for now because I had a problem .. but I want to give my apologies for this little problem thanks
B0098IBSTM So,so They look good. Bout not that good may next time I get nikes or Adidas , it seems like plastic want me to put some more
B0098IBSU6 They get lots of compliments I love the way these look. They're super light and unlike another reviewer here, I found the soles to be very sticky and they made lots of noise on linoleum floors for a while in the beginning. I don't understand what about them makes them a running shoe. The sole seems more like a skate shoe to me.  Anyway, I think they look great and find them to be pretty comfortable. Unfortunately, I've had them less than 3 weeks and the sole is already wearing smooth.
B0098IBSU6 Nice light weight shoes Pros:- Light weight- Comfortable material- Length true to sizeCons:- A bit on narrow side (hope will looser after break-in)Would rate 3.5 stars if Amazon let me to rate this way (half-point)Hope this helps.
B0098ICASK Puma toori Comfortable, innovative, stylish, while its one ofThe top shoes I own out of 27.. Recommend mostly because of feel
B0098ICQPM Puma never ceases to satisfy I had been long searching for a navy suede sneaker that is classic yet contemporary and comfortable.  I found it in this versatile puma that rocks.
B0098ID10G Nice sneaker very light and modern Very confortable and looks good in my feet with a serious price , I advise everybody to try this sneaker !
B0098ID10G cool style, but.. I love the design of the shoe. i love that fact that it is so light and colorful, but the sole is very slippery. It is fine when walking on cement or dirt, if you are on a smooth like tile or wood floor, it tends to slip, so you might fall on smooth surface.
B0098VH8IE Cute Bought this for travel. It's nice, lightweight and comfy. If you want something warm this may not work but for light wind or dampness it fine not to mention a good price.
B0098X597Y Well Made Product Very well made product.  Hard to find 1/2 sip hooded sweat  My son was shocked when he received in for Christmas.  He had one that he finally worn out
B009A8GG1U Excellent Tee The color and fabric ok. It fits perfectly. The description matches perfectly with the product received. Excellent choice for exercise.Looks great. I like it
B009AMOWAS Excellent These socks are excellent! You can not beat the price for a 6 pack of socks. I recommend them to all
B009CMXOAK Looks great I gave this as gift and he loved it. It looks great in person and colors are bright. Good buy for price.
B009CMXODM Two Stars It is far larger than expected.
B009CMXODM great white sports watch So yes, it is white. White= gets dirty faster than black. Not shocking. However, my magic eraser restores the pure white. I've had it for about 6 months of heavy use and it barely needs to be cleaned. I also love the large face and I have tiny wrists. I wear this to work as a physical therapist. It's modern but not too sleek or "fashion-y". Good timer/stopwatch function that is easily accessible.  And GREAT price.  I wish they made some more in funky color. And I don't understand the reviews about the uncomfortable band. I find my metal band watches to be more uncomfortable.
B009CMXODM Misleading Product states it is water proof, but is only water resistant.  There is a big difference.  I want to use this while swimming for aquatic exercises....can't do that if it isn't water proof as it was indicated to be.
B009CMXODM amazing I bought it for my wife and she loved.Very beautiful and usefulThe brand is also goodI recommend it
B009CNN1QG Attractive pant I bought these athletic pants for my son and they are easy and comfortable but most importantly aren't too short like other sport pants.
B009CNV816 Very Cool Looking I am jealous of my son, I wish they had a jacket in my size.  It is so stylish.  It will keep my little man dry and warm on those rainy days while still lokking cute!  Plus every moms dream it was a great price!!
B009EJ7592 Nice Only disappointment was that I thought it was a hoodie pullover  but had a zip . My son was still happy about it but not what I ordered
B009FD2LM8 Pumas These are sharp white on whites. I have many pairs of Voltaics & these look the best in my opinion.
B009FD2LM8 Great  product cool shoes, nice design, very  comfortable , are great  for walking  my neighborhood,  with my wife and my  dogy .......
B009FD2LM8 Not what the Voltaic 3 was I purchased these expecting to like them as much as the gray Voltaic 3 I have in the closet. Turns out that Puma switched from a very nice mesh fabric to a cheap-looking and feeling vinyl type material. The shoes aren't nearly as comfortable and will probably have ugly crease marks after a little more use. I haven't worn them much considering my disappointment.Otherwise, they're a decent shoe. They're fairly comfortable and look stylish at this point, while they're still new.
B009FD2LM8 Very Pleased and Satisfied As usual all my Puma's are true to size. Will definitely be ordering more pairs in the future. Especially when the price is right.
B009FD2LM8 Bought for someone else... He seems to like them...so much so that he couldn't find them in a store anymore and asked me to buy them online for him. That is all I know..
B009FD2LM8 Very nice but the foot does not come easily Very nice but the foot does not come easily, shame they are not like the lady below are fabric and not leather.
B009FD2LM8 Good review Great product great price. As expected. shipped fast.Pro: good brand that last longCons: can be a little expensive but worth the investment.
B009FD2LM8 Review They are a little tight nothing to worry about though! After I break them in they should get a little better.
B009FD2LM8 Great product! I have had some problems with my foot's circulation, and the integrated tongue allows me to wear these sneakers without laces, making them easy to slip on, and slip off, without any fear of having them fall of during use. Of course, laces would need to be used if jogging, or running, but I love the Voltaic style to go without laces, be fitted snugly, and extremely comfortable. Puma has also had crazy cool colors too!
B009FD2LM8 Not quite right The toe-box is too small. As a result I have damaged toenails on both feet.  Also it doesn't breathe as well as the Voltaic 3. Should have stayed with the Voltaic3
B009FD2LM8 okay They feel okay once I get them on. That is the trick. They are great for the treadmill. I would buy something similar just bigger
B009FD2LM8 Not to my taste. I don't care for the no tongue design.  It's not comfortable for me.  The design digs into the top of my foot.  Still like Puma shoes, just not these.
B009FD2LM8 awesome Love my pumas!!!! most comfortable shoes i have ever owned!!  Definitely worth every penny, and a nice little carrying bag is a plus
B009FD2LM8 Very comfortable, but foul odor after 2 1/2 months. At my job as a valet parking attendant we run a lot and that includes up and down stairs, ramps to the garage and even in the rain. These shoes are still holding up, but they are releasing a foul odor it could have a little to do with the amount of rain we get in South Florida, but even after being washed frequently the odor is still present. This is a great alternative to Nike Air shoes and they look better in my opinion.
B009FD2LM8 From the 3 to the 4 I bought the voltaic 3NM some time ago. I called Puma and they told me this is basically the same thing with a few touches added. The old shoe started to peel due to the top being cloth, these don't. They are soft and have great cushions. I wear them everyday and would eat them if I could.
B009FD2LM8 Very confortable This shoes looks really good and feel real confy!I love the colors. inside they feel cool and I can wear them all day without feeling my feet wet.
B009FD2LM8 Oh well Not a big runner by any means. But i do work 12 hr shifts and walk on concrete all day long.  If anyone else is having this problem I found these to be in my 3 place so far just under nike shocks and kswiss tubes.  Cant give them a bad review because i dont really have anything bad to say except they were a little snug.
B009FD2LM8 Its the difference between my foot and the Puma build Its great, gave a 4, not a reflection of the seller but the maker. The top part of my foot gets a little squeeze because of inner socks, apart from that, ITS GREAT. Took 1/2 size bigger because of it
B009FD2LM8 Very Good... Magnific... Very happy with the purchase.Very comfortable;Modern;I received the product in perfect condition and very fast.Versatile product because while it is sporty myth fits well with casual clothes.
B009FD59H2 Great Looking!!!!!!!! Bought it here on Amazon! In realality, it looks just as it is shows in the picture! I Suggest to everyone
B009FD59H2 Amazon Rocks Hi.... Thank u very much for delivering us such wonderful goods... Just a small suggestion dat please do provide some extra colors for the shoe... Hope u'll look into it... Thank you once again
B009FDO3U6 Super Turnschuh Passt sehr gut, ist sehr bequem und hat ein super Fussbett.
B009FDO3U6 MMMhmmm I'd prefer them to be &#34;slightly wider&#34;, very comfy for the price. I have 2 pairs. 1 for work (in a warehouse at that, 2 months and they're still going strong) and another for the gym.
B009FDPVRK Awesome service Overall, I am very satisfied with amazon. It has not dissapointed me once, very user friendly. It has fulfilled my needs adequately.
B009FDPVRK Outstanding Feel and Very Light I really love these shoes thus far.  They are light, and they are not terribly cushioned, so you get the control and feel of being nearly barefoot.  If you want a nice thick pillow to walk/run on, these are not for you.Great look and feel.  I read the reviews, and I bought a size larger.  The fit could not be more perfect.Typically wear a 12D and bought the 13.
B009FDPVRK Quick Delivery and Excellent Product The Puma Men's Running Shoe deserves nothing less than five stars.  They fit perfectly and perform well after several intense runs.  Additionally, they arrived MUCH faster than expected which allowed me to hit the tracks and trails that I had been missing for days.
B009FDPVRK Puma shoes This show is great. Very light weight and breaths very well. These are workout shoes I use at the gym for about an hour and a half 5 days a week. I wouldn't wear these on a regular basis. I feel these are made more for the gym. The treads on the bottom aren't very thick so I don't think they're really made for rugged or outdoor use. Very comfortable, fits well, and stylish.
B009FDPVRK Bought for growing son. While I am sure these will last for less than 6 months, they fit perfectly now. He said they're very light and he loves them.
B009FDPVRK A very convenient product. I am satisfied with the product. Size corresponds reached in a short time are very comfortable and easy. Very good.
B009FDR416 Perfect Gift, Perfect Fit I purchased these for my 21 year old grandson's birthday.  He said he had never had shoes he liked this much.  Once more, choosing Amazon paid off!!!
B009FDR416 Never had sneakers like this. Love it and it don't ware down easy.  I have never seen sneakers like this. I will be buying more thanks.
B009FDR416 "Great" shoe !!! I usually wear an 8.5 and the fit was perfect!!! I wear them three times a week when I go walking five miles and then three times a week when I go to the gym. I'm happy with my purchase !!!
B009FDR416 Confortable I love Puma shoes, and these ones are very confortable and very light as well. They are very good for long walks
B009FDR416 Nice one, looks great just like in picture but finishing is the only concern, the sole might come off on rough use I like the looks and as usual have to order 1/2 size bigger for PUMA shoe's. I wear 9 but ordered 9.5 and fits well. It feels good and better traction. but the way the sole attached / glued i suspect it may come off with rough use. I not yet used this for games, will see how it lasts.
B009FDR416 Loved it. Product is as shown in picture Bought it for my husband. He loves it! The colors are vibrant. Fits well and is comfortable. Product came as is shown in the picture.
B009FDR416 Very comfortable roomy matches  very nicly with jeans. This show was roomy and is exact sizing to fit. i Iwould order this brand again. I like the other colors they have also and the pruce was well worth it.
B009FEBLPK Nice comfortable shoes Very thin and comfortable.  Not for gravel though. The soles are thin and flexible, so you feel the gravel under your feet. Very nice shoes overall.
B009FLISB8 good shoes great product really like it and i also recommend it to other users they will  not regret it either ! star!
B009FLJKWY My husband loved them Very impressive shoe, he says it feels like he is wearing socks instead of sneakers.  Very striking detail and he loves the side laces, overall a very comfy well made, well designed sneaker.
B009FM3NPI LOVE IT!! Love the limestone gray with the black the two colors together look perfect. The red is just a special touch to it!  The shoe fits true to its size and they'r very comfortable.
B009FM3NPI sorta strange - its a slip on type with elestic top i was looking for a good solid driving shoe - this was sorta cheesy styling - my girl liked it but i am very picky with my shoes typically by 100$ plus range but took a shot since low price - get what you pay for
B009FM3XO4 Five Stars Simple but suave look.
B009FM3XO4 Classy, comfortable, but Pumas tend to run small in width Bought these for an outdoor wedding. They are classy, not distracting, they look great with a suit. Pumas tend to be a little tight width wise, but I've been wearing them for a very long time and they're pretty consistent between styles.
B009FM4BCW great chews Prompt shipping and as described.  Great price and I would consider shopping w/this user again.  I'm wearing them now as I travel and their purpose is fulfilled; utter(udder)? comfort and warm!
B009FM4BCW Super comfortable! Probably the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever worn. Definitely the most comfortable of the Pumas. I might need to buy a couple of pairs in case they stop producing them!!
B009FM4BCW super cool love'em. these are really roomy without slipping off your foot. perfect. unlike some of the clyde's, these are just as bright in person as they are in the picture.
B009FM5D60 Great price and service My son has wide feet and he says they are comfy. Mom says they are stylish. Great price and service.
B009FM5D60 Very Stylish, I like the accent of opposite colors of gray and orange. Its quite comfortable and very casual. Its not too far from being attractive and really far from being an eye-sore. Its just the casual shoe that most people could wear anywhere on any occasion.
B009FM5NTM nice touch good vibes from the puma, i do hope they keep pushing forwards with this type of styling.the sizes are correct and fit well, i've handy as a shoe look; can be used as smart casual.
B009FM5NTM Excellent Fits perfect, and is extremely comfortable. I'm not used to wearing shoes like these because the soles aren't comfortable but these feel great no matter how long I wear them.
B009FM5NTM nice shoe i get complements on them and ppl ask to see them a little closer because i wear them with jeans alot
B009FM64EK My shoes excellent tennis, the use each day, are very comfortable, just get dirty very easy, that's what I did not like at all, everything else is great
B009FM64EK Awesome shoes Shoes look great. Got them for my boyfriend and he loves them, and he never usually likes pumas! Definately a great choice for your man.
B009FM64EK Good Pair These shoes are comfortable. I've walked around them for two weeks now and though the sides (where it is white) easily get dirty it simply requires cleaning at whatever interval you wish for cleansing maintenance.The rubber sole is built in a manner where if you were to walk on anything that is not flat on the sidewalk, such as patterned physical layers, you can feel the dips which overall is not to bad though it may feel the rubber sole mind be to soft. The shoe is secure to your feet and the design is very simple without the Puma logo popping out being a distraction. As a result it is great to supplement with whatever clothing composition you see fit for your style.
B009FM6GKM king b I been loving puma sense day one and I always going to love puma because I am a puma my self
B009FM6GKM Puma to the world. These would be perfect if they were made with a bit more width. But I will make them work for me.
B009FM6GKM olive night, nice color. the olive night is a great colorall my friend are asking me why did not you order one for us,but they did not gave me their cerdit card.It's nice I will start ordering others very soon.
B009FM6GKM oh yeah!!!!!!!!!! perfect i found them in ar store . They did not have them my size. they had them for 70 dollars and i ended up saving 30 dollars buying online!!!!!
B009FMR6D8 Style! These kicks fit very well, have great style and protects my ankles as I was expecting it. Colors are great for any colored outfits.
B009FMR6D8 Dope Kicks# Really,I am in love with every bit of this shoe.Believe me all my friends love it and my girlfriends favorite.I keep getting compliments and everyone wants to buy it now. My name is Obie,a customer from Russia.
B009FMR6D8 Five Stars Supper good, more than good, the best of the best puma.
B009FMR6D8 very nice Came fast and in the puma bag .. boxed very nice .. giving this to my boyfriend as a birthday gift I know he's gonna love them :)
B009FMR6D8 Love the height loving this sneaks, one of the best i had in a bit, love the height you can play with how you want to wear it. Only downside is that i cant find enough ways to use the laces lol
B009FMR6D8 Get them before they stop selling lol Every where I go  nothing but compliments and people want to get them but if I could make a suggestion to the makes of this design purple would be another color they could look in to awesome fit and looks good with short or long but the ladies love me in the short
B009FMRF0M Confy Love puma flip flops.  They are very true to size and ultra comfortable. Would definitely buy again but colors available are a little limiting
B009FMRIS6 Perfect Great for school and outdoors. The man loves his new shoes. Thank you for sending it to us so quickly.
B009FMRLQU Excellent buy I've owned several pairs of puma's and these are great. They're very light, yet don't feel cheaply made. I highly recommend these shoes!
B009FMRLQU Nice sneaker Fits great, extraordinarily comfortable. Very thin sole and light material make this a great shoe for walking long distances. Very little padding or support (but technically your supposed to be walking around barefoot anyway). My only complaint is that they wear out fairly quickly, however you can extend their lifespan by throwing them in the washing machine. Well worth the price.
B009FMRLQU expected suede material instead of canvas its light and comfortable for walking,i will recommend it for an aged person and for someone who does a lot of walking.
B009FMRLQU Nice colors, aesthetic but kind of reluctant about the material I'll give it for the moment a 4 star review since i'm finding the material somewhat weak in terms of textures but the colors and shape are OK so far....!!
B009FMRLQU Shoes Good product, is to imagine because it speaks of Puma. But exceeded expectations because two largest sizes I came. three stars
B009FN5ZT4 Convenient shoe with nice design Pro:- Convenient (no need to wear socks & yet don't have to worry that it'll become smelly, perfect for hot-weathered country)Con:- From what I read, Puma shoe runs a bit small, so just feel a little tight on my Right leg, but it fits nicely on my Left leg.
B009FN614C In love I bought it for $30 US.It ran a little small maybe because of the wedge. But it's so stylish and really really comfortable. The pink is a bit bright though but it's really nice and  worth the price. I am definitely buying the other colors.
B009FN614C Beautiful colors They're so cute... better than I expected and they look different than the shoe I saw online. The colors are bright and bold. So ready to wear them.
B009FN614C Comfy The Size fits perfect and they are super comfortable despite the fact that they are wedges actually. Best choice ever made
B009FN614C Puma sporting VERY NICE  LOVE THE WAY IT FIT AND LOOK  IT GOES NICE WIT MY OUTFIT so many PEOPLE LIKE THEM
B009FN614C Very comfortable It was a gift I purchased for my daughter and she loved it! She was to happy and mentioned they where very comfy....
B009FN614C nice look I buy these shoes for my daughter for Christmas in 9.5 but had to send them back for the 10, received the 10 yesterday and was pleased, and i know she is gonna love them , for she was talking so much about them, and they are wrapped and under the Christmas tree.
B009FN614C Cool Shoe cool and comfortable when you want a sneaker with a lift/heel. lots of compliments on this one. true to size
B009FN614C beautiful 100 percent recommend this seller, boots are spectacular and qualityThe size is just right, are comfortable, colorful, are in perfect condition new
B009FN614C So cute I just got these, tried them on and fell in love with them.  The shoes are an exact fit but with thin socks I cannot wear them with thicker socks otherwise they would be too snug other than that these shoes are great! I've already gotten so many compliments on them!
B009FN614C Absolutely love them Ordered them for me and both my daughters want some for them. I'm not normally a sneaker lady but these are hot and I get major compliments on them....
B009FN614C Daughter loves her Puma shoes She wanted Nike, but now that she's played B'ball (7th grade) in her Puma shoes, she's happy as a clam. These shoes add 3/4&#34; to her height and she had to get used to the fact that the heal is higher than the ball of her foot in them. However, that turns into an advantage on the floor. She wouldn't trade them for anything.
B009FN614C Love my new PUMA! So comfortable!!!! Getting so many complements, Looking sexy-sporty!Love my new PUMA so much, don't want to take them off :)
B009FN614C Love the look and so much more comfortable than most! When the wedge sneakers came out i thought they were so ugly, but i found these and they look so much better they actually look cute and are easy to wear! They are very well made and go with anything
B009FN614C Greats these shoes fits perfect, I like them a lot. I would recomended Puma Women's Sky Wedge Fashion Sneaker to my friends
B009FN614C Love these! I was hoping these would be comfy and provide height, but not be too high - and they're perfect!  Just as comfy as any sneaker and they look great with jeans - the jeans I normally wear with heels!  Love them.
B009FN614C fit perfect It was a good buy, the lenght and height was good and its comfortable, and puma is a good brand
B009FN614C love them they are very comfortable
B009FN614C Great Shoes! These shoes are absolutely perfect! I grabbed them at a great price and they were shipped immediately! I bought them because they're different. Amazon has a superb selection of things that are &#34;different&#34; and that's why I will always be a customer. Thanks Amazon, for having a huge selection of &#34;different&#34; items.
B009FN614C awesome kicks I truely love these kicks.  The photo doesn't give them enough credit.  They are awesome &#128525;!!!!! I'm waiting on the blue and white ones to come in!!!
B009FN614C Loving my Puma's. It fits good and I love the support for my ankles.  I received a lot of compliments on the wish they had the black ones I love them!!!
B009FN614C very stylish I love the brand. Trendy look and comfortable. Fits my style. Everything that I expected. Guaranteed to satisfy. Try it.
B009FN614C Fashionable sneaker I received lots of compliments on this sneaker and I love them! they are sporty and cute at the same time!
B009FN614C Fit nicely I was afraid of wearing these with shiny jeans without my feet looking huge. But it doesn't and it comfortable despite the wedge. Going up the stairs provides some exercise.
B009FN614C Cute & Casual There sneakers are perfect for me. I'm a heels girl because I'm so short, I always want some height. These are comfy and gives me that extra little lift while maintaining a casual look. Looks great with skinny jeans.
B009FN614C Comfortable True to size and colors. I liked them so much I'm considering buying the same model in other colors for spring.
B009FN614C Puma wedge sneakers The wedge sneakers came as expected n they were packed in a very nice box, My daughter n I were very pleased with our choice, I even invited my friends to shop the site...
B009FN614C Comfy & Cute! I absolutely love these shoes!! Comfy and cute! I want to get white ones!! Couldn't find them in stores & wasn't sure about ordering before trying them on but they are true to size!
B009FN614C Amazing! I love these shoes.!! The fit was perfect, they are comfortable, they are just as cute in the picture as they are on. I will defenitley be order more pairs of these in different colors.
B009FN614C Great comfy wedge Love these Puma wedge sneakers. Fashionable & comfortable. Surprisingly comfy...I can be in them all day long. Get lots of compliments.
B009FN614C Super it is very very soft and comfortable. very nice on the foot. very soft and comfortable. very nice on the leg. the quality is excellent. Size 8 = 25.5 cm
B009FN614C Great My favorite sneakers; comfortable and fashionable. They even wash well in cold water.  actually got them in 3 different colors!!!!
B009FN614C Very pleased Good fit, very comfortable. When I first ordered, I wasn't sure about the colors. When I received them I was very pleased. Great with jeans. Puma continues to live up to its name. Great quality, very well constructed sneakers.
B009FN614C Nice! These sneakers are very nice and true to size. It gives me a sexy woman feel when I am dressed down in my jeans.
B009FN614C Happy customer I love them  a lot they are comfortable . I have gotten a lot of complements as well which is good
B009FN614C lots of compliments i dont wear gym shoes but the wedge puma is a must have! So many little girls approach me about how nice my shoes are. Adults too but the little 1s make me smile lol. Great shoe!
B009FN614C Puma sky wedge I loves my new Pumas!! So comfortable, I work on my feet all day and had no problem standing in these for 10 hours. Got tons of compliments too
B009FN614C Five Stars I love mi red shoes
B009FN614C Love the Colors, Perfect Fit. They look great and you can dress them up or down. Only thing is I noticed that they look good when I am on the thinner side.
B009FN614C Great sneaker! These are great sneakers. They are true to size . I got the black/grey combo and they are super comfortable. Just what I needed. The wedge makes them sexy so that I can dress up a jogging suit. Cute!
B009FN614C Pumas !!!! Cute Cool pumas everyone ask where did u get them they're cute omg beyond happy with this purchase .... I'm gonna by 2 more pair
B009FN614C i love them they true to size and so comfortable. i love them. i can wear them all day. the price was good 2.
B009FN614C Comfortable and easy to walk in I got these for work for a more punk look but something that wouldn't totally kill my feet. They are super comfortable for the near 3&#34; heel that is concealed. Unlike most other wedge sneakers the heel is not super thin so it looks less conspicuous and more realistic.  I've gotten many complements on them with my shorter friends thinking that I had finally reached the 6' mark.  Not horrible for running out to my car during a downpour but I was really paranoid about falling or turning over my ankle. Some guys tend to think that they are weird because &#34;sneakers are for exercise&#34; but whatever Chucks suck for running too, fashionable sneakers exist.All in all good value for the price.
B009FN614C Awesome colour, perfect fit! Awesome colour! I love the height and comfort! It's really well made! Just the right amount of sporty and chic!
B009FN614C luv my pumas Fashionable, comfy, and stylish!!! These are the perfect shoe bcuz I hate sneakers bcuz they are so flat but I luv the wedge!! It's perfect
B009FN614C I love it Great.  Comfortable and Beautiful.Excwllent!
B009FN614C Cute! The acture color is a bit darker than the photo but really cute.A lot of people asked me where I got them from.I normally wear size 7.5 or 8 but sized up for this sneakers and got 8.5. Fits perfet.
B009FN614C Super nice and comfy Every time I wear these people stop me in the street to say how cool they are. Glad I got them!!
B009FN614C Style meets comfort As soon as I tried them on I loved them.They are really comfortable and fit true to size. The first day I wore them I received a few compliments.
B009FN614C Very Pleased I really like my shoes. They came so fast and I am happy over-all. I've gotten a lot of compliments on them as well.
B009FN614C Awesome shoes These sneakers elongate the leg and look great with skinny jeans, shorts and skirts. I bought them in a variety of colors because they're so inexpensive. They are super comfortable and have good tread on the bottom.
B009FN614C LOVE THIS SHOE this sneaker is the best it fits perfectly and is very comfortable can go with any outfit very cute #love
B009FN614C I love these shoes Even though the yellow is a little bright (it was the only color offered in my size with Prime) I am loving these shoes.  All previous reviews were correct - they are so comfortable and do not feel like you are wearing heels.  I wish I could wear them to work - but they look a bit odd in the office!  Would highly recommend
B009FN614C In love I eff'n loves these. They are perfect, everyone is asking where I got them from. I'm not telling. lol muah
B009FN614C nice nice Nice toeverybody likes them they arrived very fast
B009FN614C GOT MOST COLORS THESE SNEAKERS ARE AWESOME THEY FIT VERY WELL AND ARE VERY COMFORTABLE I TRULY LOVE THIS SNEAKERS THESE ARE THE BEST
B009FN614C Be cautious when purchasing The Sneakers are sort of uncomfortable. At first i thought it was cause they we're mew, but after a few wears, i still feel the same pain. Yes i have my correct size and still have this problem
B009FN614C Super comfy Love these going to order more in different colors super comfy perfect fit recommend if you are thinking about trying wedge sneakers
B009FN614C FAB All i can say is HOT and SEXY...really a good look..i have thick legs and they still fit and look fab on me...had ppl lookin all night
B009FN614C Cute and Stylish Very stylish and surprisingly comfortable wedge sneaker.Fits true to size. doesn't hold your ankle hostage. I would recommend and  buy again :)
B009FN614C Cute Girly Sneaker These sneakers are for all ages and gives a pop to any plain jean and tee outfit highly recommend and trendy with out looking overly done if you are a certain age love them but they do run a little snug
B009FN614C Cool appearance These are &#34;good&#34; shoes.  Fit is true to size and comfortable but they are slightly clunky.  I also have the MY style and prefer the MY style more.
B009FN614C In loves these wedge sneakers They are true to size very comfortable and stylish. You can dress them up or down. They are a great height
B009FN614C Love them! This is the best sneaker ever! It fits perfect to size and it has a nice heel to add a little shimmer to your outfit!
B009FN614C wow!! I didn't get these shoes on this site but let me tell you they are the bomb.com omg!!  love!... the 9 fit  perfect was going to get the 9.5 that would have worked too just a little more room . my daughter went crazy she loved them too.so if your wondering just bye. amazon has a better price....
B009FN614C Beautiful and comfortable This shoe is very comfortable. I wear it with a sweat pant and love it so much. I got lots of compliments from men and women every time i wear it.
B009FN614C my puma wedge Fits perfectly just what I expected and cant wait to get me another colour.i also recommend to some of my friends
B009FN614C Cute. Cute shoes, very comfortable. They make me feet look big... Which was the only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
B009FN614C I knew my size since i tried them on before I lov em, they are comforatble, stylish. I do recomend you get yours before they become out of stock. They are just as is the picture
B009FN614C Five Stars So comfortable and cute! Get so many compliments
B009FN614C good buy love these !! they are a little tight when you first wear them but loosen up as the day goes on
B009FN614C funky footwear I really love these sneaker wedges. They look like regular hi-top kicks but give great comfortable lift. I'll definitely be looking to pickup a black pair soon as well. Beware, if you have wide feet though, these may feel a little snug.
B009FN614C I'm so old school I like my old school sneakers so when I saw these with a little heel in it at first I was like, nah, they're ugly. But I like to be different so I figured I'd buy them. I received them and they are so comfortable and look nice in my skinny leg jeans.
B009FN614C Must have Fashionable shoe they were got many compliments on these sneakers. They are an amazing buy I would recommend them .
B009FN614C LOVE THEM!!! They are so comfortable. Love them great purchase.I recommend this product especially if you are trying to get a couple inches higher.
B009FN614C Puma Sky Wedge Sneakers Those sneakers feel true to size. Very comfortable, they look great with jeans. I love them and definitely recommend them.
B009FN614C great shoes! These are cute and comfortable! What else can you ask for?It goes with pretty much everything. I love them!!
B009FN697G Love, love , love I am not a tennis shoe wearing girl, so these are perfect! They are really feminine and is a compliment to any outfit. They are true to size and really comfortable. I wear a lot of pink and these shoes allow me to accent my wardrobe with just enough color without over doing it.
B009FN697G Great Buy!!!! Simply amazing....can't wait to rock with my short pleated skirt!!!!!!!!!!.....It's recommended to be in every lady's wardrobe.I love it!!!........Awesome a trial will convince you.
B009FN697G Very comfortable and stylish I received these shoes as a birthday gift and I love them. They are well constructed and comfortable. I get compliments all the time.
B009FN6NRW Great price for a fashionable sneaker! The price was right and when I received them I tried them on and they fit perfect!  Plus I get compliments everyday from people!  They are light weight, comfortable and stylish!
B009FN6NRW bowling shoes my daughter thought they looked too much like bowling shoes so I had to return them. does not mean they are right for someone else so take this review lightly.
B009FN6NRW Neat!!! Looks really great on my wife. We absolutely love it. In general, I like the Puma brand. We wanted something pink and this met all our expectations and desires. It is very neat too.
B009FN6NRW Work Great Thank you so much! They work great and just the way I wanted them! They work great! Thank you again!
B009FN6NRW Love this Brand Fits a little big in the heal..I have other puma but thisis the 1st pair to give me a blister on my heal.Will continue to purchase Puma they are the bestfor me to walk in for exercise :)
B009FN6NRW My new snikers I love my new puma women's soleil NP WN fashion sneakers, cabaret/ pink paradise!!!! have a perfect fit and they are very original
B009FNMVBY sinfully comfortable I really should have ordered a size 6 rather than a 5 1/2, but still these shoes are so comfy it is almost a crime! they are stylish and the extra arch cushioning can't be beat!
B009FNNAT6 Stylish comfort These shoes are so comfortable and the colors are beautiful. They can be worn with a variety of outfits, from bluejeans to causal dresses or skirts. I feel like I got a great bargain.
B009FNNAT6 Most comfortable shoe for casual wear I have now ordered 3 pairs of the zandy in different colors and wish Puma would bring back this style.
B009FNNAT6 Very bad Grabs and rubs the heal don't buy this. Looks like a dream feels like a nightmare . Avoid them. Don't buy
B009FNNAT6 cute and comfortable I love these shoes, they are easy to wear and go with jeans, shorts, and even a casual skirt. I took them on vacation and wore them every day.
B009FNNFC8 Great I think this is niice style and price, really comfortable and nice looking, no complains at all !!! Thank You Puma !!!
B009FZRJGO Just WHAT I NEEDED!!!!!!! I love PUMA products!!!! And buying this bag is perfect for my collection. I'll carry it on a causal day or when I'm out on the town. soft and extremely fashionable! LLLLLLOOOVVVEEEE IT!
B009G1BKGW kinda of snug get a half size bigger, I lve the shoe I just don't wear socks with it, it has mesh sides so its not for snow or rain
B009G1CITK Look cool, but hurt The back of the right shoe is somewhat inverted and rubs against the back of my ankle. Hopefully this will resolve w time and breaking it in, but may be unwearable if not.
B009G1D7MM trying to hold on til Monday usps i gave this one star cause i didn't receive my sneaks however i received text alerts stating they were on the way,then text alerts sting they were delivered,then an e-mail asking how would i rate this product........OMG...i just want my sneaks......
B009G1T35M I love my PUMA canvas The canvas fit perfectly. It feels very comfortable and i like walking with it of course. It was everything i anticipated it to be and much more!!
B009G1T5YG comfy sneakers These sneakers are comfortable and are made well.  They run a little big but other than that it is a good purchase
B009G1T5YG Surprisingly loved it I'm a big fan of Puma, I especially love their new form fitting running shoes.  Very light weight and comfortable
B009G1T5YG Ouch! These shoes fit and feel great, however they come up high on the back of the ankle and while running they rubbed the skin right off my ankles.  OUCH!  No way will I be wearing these again.  I can't complain too much though, as I got them very cheap on sale.
B009G1T5YG puma shoes I am very happy with the Puma shoes I recently ordered through Amazon! I love that I can track my orders and things always come so quickly and are always as pictured and in perfect condition!
B009G1T5YG Loved them Great and beautiful i would recomend for sure well made confortable and very femenine please buy you love them for sure
B009G1T5YG Very "weak" When I got them, I loved them! They fit perfectly, look amazing, very light, very comfortable. So you'll ask why do I give it only two start? Well, because after only three (3) month of wearing them they are destroyed. Apparently, the material is very thin and they break on both sides of each shoe at the point where you bend the foot.  Yes, I wear them almost every day, most of the day, but 3 months for PUMA product? It's not serious.
B009G1T5YG Hard in the sole At first they were grate but after a while the sole was like you we're standing on a rock and when I ran the mile my feet were in pan and with the holes in them you can get a lot of rocks stuck in them
B009G1T5YG Cute but not comfy They are cute but not comfy at all. Can not wear any longer then maybe five minutes or so! I have tried just about everything to make them comfy!
B009G1T5YG They look cute, but that's about it Today I walked somewhere between 3 and 4 miles and even halfway my feet started hurting. It was all I could do to make it back to the office. I was pretty satisfied with the shoes but definitly not for distances of much length.
B009G1T5YG great running sneaker My Girlfriend loves the color and the feel of the sneaker.  She wears them everytime now when you works out.
B009G1T5YG Comfy and Fun These shoes are comfortable, fun to have on, and not only do they do a good job as far as supplying me with support for my feet but they also make me one of the more flashy and fun people at the gym.
B009G1T5YG I want another pair!!!! These shoes are perfect for walking, running, and just cute to wear for a relaxing day!!! I don't think I want them to get dirty! Tried them on perfect fit, light, the rubber cushion adds support to my heels. Very comfortable. I didn't know I was purchasing the official &#34;cage&#34; material which makes the shoe even lighter! The colors are amazing&#8230;now I have to buy the puma pants to match! I will get another pair soon in another color. Thanks!
B009G1T5YG fits perfectly!! Brought this for my vacation trip, it matched well with my clothing and looked wonderful on my feet. Loved the feel of it when walking, it did not feel heavy or bulky.
B009G1T5YG Impressed! Extremely happy and surprised by the performance and comfort! Wish I would have picked up 2 pairs! I'll be sure to try more Puma's.
B009G1T5YG Love it These shoes are very comfortable and works for any of the work outs I'm doing. Fast shipping! The only thing wrong was I thought the shoes were black and they turned out grey.
B009G1T5YG LOVE it Shoe is super comfortable and has great grip on the ground. When doing squats my shoes stayed firm to the ground.
B009G1T5YG Loving them. Not to sure about the holes in the sole but love the color red and turquoise. The fit does run about 1/2 size small, and I ordered accordingly. These will be for summer so no socks and will be cool and lightweight. I plan to wear these all the time, not just for working out and running. Cute with jeans.
B009G1U2XE Excellent on line purchase. This Puma Tennis shoes it's very comfortable either to work out, or simply a long afternoon walk.It pretty much matches with any work out cloth u ware.
B009G1U2XE love these shoes After searching for shoes for many days on many different sites looking for a good shoe that doesn't cost a small fortune I chose the Puma cross trainer.  I LOVE The purple [they call it Liberty Blue] and have gotten numerous compliments on how cute they are.  I do mainly Zumba classes and these shoes are really perfect for that--no too much &#34;tread&#34; so I don't mess up my knees when doing the dance moves.  Don't think these would be appropriate for heavy running on pavement or any hard hitting exercise like that but for my purposes these are ideal.
B009G1U2XE Great purchase Saved bout 10 dollars from the puma website (pus free shipping, love prime).  I've reserched and as far as I can tell, these are legit Pumas.  Nice thin fit.  I only wonder if I could have gone down a half size.
B009G1U2XE Great for Zumba! I bought these for Zumba.  They are nimble, comfortable, and stable.  True to size.  I have a fairly wide foot.
B009G1U2XE Great Product!! Great sneakers!! I work in the medical field and they are super comfortable to walk around all day long. Highly recommend them.
B009G1VXJG Soo Nice Very beautiful, cute, good shoes, It was that was waiting, wanted them to run, now already I have them, to run...
B009G1VXJG Liked it Colour is the hit.. Ordered it for one of my friends on her b'day and she loved it.. I choosed two day shipping and it reached on the second day.. I amVery pleased with their guaranteed delivery options.. They fit 100% perfectly..
B009G1VXJG Okay I didnt give the total 5, cause, it has issues with the glue, literally you can see the glue use in this shoes.Color: Great like itSize: Are totally correctComfort: Totally comfortConclusion: Didnt like the part you see the glue, i dont know if this will last.
B009G1WZP2 attractive, well made, & comfortable We went to San Diego for the 4th of July I needed something comfortable and these were excelent. Size run true fabric is cool they were definatly worth the money..
B009G1WZP2 Cute and Comfortable Likes:  Colour, true to size, comfortable and has sufficient cushioning for walking and exercising without being painful on the feet.Dislikes:  Canvas fabric - gives the shoe a bit of a cheap look.
B009G1WZP2 Love these. These are so light and comfortable for treadmill running. They are so unique looking too. It's refreshing to be the only one in the gym without the same Nikes on.
B009GCYNW4 WELL MADE My grandson is hard on his clothes so I have to spend a little more to buy better made clothing. Puma seems to be very well made, long lasting and better fitting. Yes, they cost more but I feel the extra money is well worth it.
B009GCYONM Great Price for a great jacket! This jacket is awesome! Its made well, and it is the perfect fabric for spring days and nights! If they had my sons size in the gray I would order that one too! Great jacket!
B009GJ586M My dad likes it! Bought it as a Father's Day gift for my father. He wears it every day and receives lots of compliments from co-workers.
B009GKXVZG Great shoe for everyday metro walks Very comfortable, great traction and good look as well. Wear them with anything. Sometimes little rocks will get caught i the soles, but that isn't anything.
B009GLUVAI My husband love it. I love this sneakers , are perfect for run, walk , and for wear all day.I receive on time and exactly what I ordered.
B009GZS6OW fine shoes I use these for day to day activities like biking, walking, running, office work, and exercising.  They fit well, and are sturdy.  I was hoping they would loosen up a bit, but have stayed fairly resilient (read durable).  They hide dirt well, mine still look nearly new, people will still comment on my &#34;new shoes&#34;, even though they are several months old.
B009HWGD08 love it i love its boxer i want to get another one ...i wish they came in a pac. of 3 or 4that would of been awesome
B009HWGD08 Lightweight, like a puma. Love the fit: they're a little small, but it was good weight loss incentive! They're very lightweight, and as such, I would definitely recommend washing on delicate / handwash cycle, and allowing to *AIR DRY*; the dryer would probably destroy these things. Nevertheless, that's kind of a standard practice when it comes to polyester underwear; you just don't put them in the dryer.Got what was advertised, and with proper care, I haven't run into the durability issues that are complained about in other reviews here.
B009K9OTJA Cute They are very cute, I ordered the wrong thing it was fault I had to do a return. Thank You
B009KBNNVI PUma Maeko S Mid Sneaker My darling son looks sharp in his sneakers, and I paid less than $20 for them. Win-win situation for everyone!
B009KBPPAA Daughter Approves It is always a five if my daughter likes to wear them and they are easy to put on. She has worn them to school practically every day for about a month and they are still going.
B009KBRXR8 look good Fast shipping they look good she has not used them yet they are for school will update if they turn out that they suck but they look nice
B009KBTSKS puma Awesome dude hey making these shoes. I love them.They are really comfortable, especially during gym. Thanks a whole lot.
B009KCN4D4 perfect fast and correct as listed will do re-visit. you will have a new customer for future purchases. looking forward for new items.
B009KCN4D4 Cute and functional. Super cute, easy on-off, and comfy. I would definitely recommend them. The only issue we had is that the blue from the insole stained our daughter's white socks.
B009KCN4D4 Cute These are super cute and my daughter loves them. They seem comfy as she hasn't complained about them hurting like she has with other shoes. They're a little long, but she says she'll grow into them.I'd buy again.
B009KHBY4U Very Good I purchased several pairs of these Puma running Spikes for various athletes I coach & all bar 1 have improved by 1-2 meters in a matter of weeksAll say they feel good energy return & all are looking very active with their foot plantsCouldn't be happier with the shoes, though  not very cheap they are not too costly either while on special
B009KPFHXQ Love these sneakers! The sneakers was true to size and looks absolutely adorable on my daughter's feet.I can see myself purchasing these again as her feet grow bigger.
B009KRMGFQ Excellent shoes Extremely lightweight and very convenient. My daughter love it from the first minute.It's supposed as casual wear but suited well for sports.
B009KRMGFQ AMAZING purchase I wanted my daughter to have something unusual, AND durable for back to school tennis shoes. Going into the ''big 4th grade" I knew she outgrew the standard, ''hello kitty'' and ''dora''...but I didn't want her to have a standard running shoe that didn't look fashionable. However, the fit has to be good too!! I hit the jackpot! I flipped when these arrived!haha knowing SHE would flip.  They seem to go with everything in her wardrobe.  She's flat footed and says they feel so comfortable, she doesn't wear any other shoes.  They are a very pretty shade of dark grey, not black,,the pink Puma Cat, catches the eye, and she gets tons of compliments ''where did you GET those!" It made her back to school special...and I can tell they will stand the test of time.  ANOTHER plus is they are SO easy to clean..I can spray them with a lysol cleaner and papertowel.  How practical.  Can't say enough good things about this shoe,,I can only say I hope they make them in women's sizes ;)
B009KRMGFQ Very attractive, fitted, nice shoes. Happy with these shoes.  fit seems slightly small, but my daughters feet grow very slowly (age 7, only just barely into a size 13) so I am not worried she will grow out of them.  The grey color is very light, but attractive.  Daughter says these are comfortable.
B009KRMGFQ Cute and Simple Design My daughter absolutely loves the "cat" design and colors on this PUMA sneaker. I absolutely love how affordable it was. These shoes are very true to size as well. Overall a great purchase!
B009KSDDUM My daughter loves it. We purchased it for my 7 yo daughter for her PE class. But she will find any justification to wear it. Great shoe!
B009KSDDUM Awesome deal These shoes were exactly what we wanted. They were priced just right as well. When you can pay under 20 bucks for name brand shoes...I call that a win! :) They fit well, and I haven't had any complaints from my daughter.
B009KSDDUM Kids sneaker-light weight I purchased this shoe for my daughter and she likes wearing it to school. She has a wide foot and these are comfortable for her to wear.
B009KSDTL0 Perfect Puma Not only did they arrive ahead of the expected time... But they were a perfect... Wish they had a lot more colors... Great shoe!!!!!
B009KSDTL0 Perfect summer shoes! These are very forgiving to my sons chunky feet.  He loves these and wears them all day long.  Offered at a great price!
B009KSDTL0 Some Pros and Cons Compared to Crocs I bought these because my daughter is about to grow out of her 4/5 crocs and the 6/7 crocs are huge on her.  These are well made and are a similar material.  The pros are that they come in whole sizes and fit better.  Also the tennis shoe design stays on her feet better.  The cons are 1) the price ($30 for rubber shoes!)2) the crocs have better arch support and 3) they are a bit hard to get on.  I bought these primarily for the pool and it's even harder to get these on with wet feet.A great choice if you are looking for play shoes that you can just scrub when they get dirty.  They are ok for the pool but they will require a bit of work getting them on.
B009KSDTL0 Snazzy My three yo loves the colors and lightweight feel of these.Much easier to put on than her other shoes.The holes make it easy for air to flow.
B009KSDTL0 excellent delivery and product Excellent product. My daughter loves her shoes. I believe she likes the way they feel on her feet. Thank you very much!
B009KSDW62 Cute pants They are cute pants and easy for my daughter to slide up and down to go to the bathroom on her own.
B009KTLR6I excellen shoes its just excellent , i liked it for my kid , and she liked it too.i will reorder another one for her sister.
B009KTOEDG Great sneaker My daughter and me loved it, very stylish, comfortable and true to size. I loved them so much that wanted to order for me too :)
B009KUEOFS Recommeded + Positive I right receive everything during the planned date to arrival in Porto Rico San Juan. All Clothes are very nice ! my daugther love it ! everything goes fine ! Thanks !
B009KUEOFS Nice looking sneakers!!! Wanted real sneakers for gym class that my daughter would like and would allow her to perform well in class.  We have other sneakers which look cool and  are great for dressing up or just casual wear.  These are both cool looking and great for athletic wear which is important to our little athlete.  My only concern is the within a 3 weeks it started showing signs of wear and tear on the stitching.  So far in general they are still holding up, but kind of expected more use out of them before they would start showing signs wear and tear so soon.  I will see how long they eventually hold up.
B009KUEOFS Love them!! My 18 month old daughter loves these shoes.. She wants to wear them every day;) I love that they seem comfortable and they match with anything. They are easy to clean which is also a plus.
B009KUEOFS Ok product. It is not as soft as I had hoped. My daughter does not want to put it on most of the time. But it does look good.
B009KUEOFS So cute! The pumas are perfect for my sweet little walker!  They arrived on time and were so cute.  The rhinestones add a special touch!  Love them!
B009KUEOFS great product I woul recommend to my friends and I like it because its wonderful thanks for giving me the opportunity to get this
B009KVEDCG PUMA OSU JRS Sneaker Great fit, nice looking sneakers. My daughter didn't complain, so I believe they must be comfortable as well. Even though Puma's advertising the packaging/bag in which it came as being environmental friendly, I don't know what to do with it but throw in the trash. It's too small to be of any real use and, had it been paper, it could've been recycled cardboard, for instance, I'd just recycle myself. Not good for the 'earth', according to my opinion.
B009KVEDCG Great for Women Too (Kid size 5, Women 6.5) This is my 3rd pair because I love it so much. I now own in purple/yellow, pink and light blue/yellow. I have been looking for comfortable, light, velcro shoes for a long time and this is a perfect fit. I was a bit embarrassed to wear this to work (I walk or bike to work) but I can't believe how many compliments I have gotten. Everyone wants to know where I bought them!
B009KVFGJK Surprisingly, ran big Puma is usually right on for my kids, but these ran big.  I was really surprised.  Nice, though; too bad they didn't fit.
B009L7VLHE OMG! I was SO happy to see these sneakers, I wanted cute Sneakers that were Unique. The Prices were GREAT compared to the Puma website and stores! They were so affordable. And i LOVE these sneakers. i rate it  5 STARS ! The Sneakers were in GREAT Condition... they were COMFORTABLE... Recommend this to EVERYONE
B009LA8GFG beautiful & comfortable beautiful and comfortable materialsI recommend it and buy other colors were black and white and gray and all amazing, especially with the Puma  black pants
B009LA8GFG i am pleased with my purchase, i am looking forward  to purchase more in different colors. i would recommend this products to my friends and family, good quality and a comfortable fit.Great job keep it up.
B009LA8GFG Super nice This fabric is amazing. IT DOES NOT SHRINK a bit. It breaths very nicely. My husband loves Puma, that's pretty much all he wears now.
B009LAU910 perfect been looking for an italia track jacket for a while and was skeptical of paying so much for one, but this is nicer than I imagined and worth the cost. It came pretty quick too :)
B009LAU910 Sweet! So nice.  Fits great.  The bright white stripe looks great against the deep navy blue and the emblems all on the same side is a nice touch.  I love it.
B009LAV7OI BMW Fan I enjoy driving the ultimate driving machine and now I have a stylish sporty BMW Tee that looks and feels good.
B009LAV7OI If you love BMW this is for you. Outstanding service!  Arrived well before it's estimated date.  Very satisfied with the shirt.  It's well crafted.  This is a gift, & without a doubt, it was a good choice!  It will please the recipient & put a smile on his face like it did mine.
B009LAW850 Great Puma should use atleast 40% Polyester in its Motorsport Polos. It makes the life of Polo longer. Except that everything is fine.And Amazon is also doing great delivering to Canada. Taxes and shipping is reasonable. Try clearing those situations where some products cant be shipped to Canada due to some reason :(
B009LAW850 in a good way, very strinking got complimented by it!
B009LAW850 love it we love the cut and the design because looks very casual, you can wear it with jeans and you will look great
B009LAW850 Nice I like motor sport, I like puma, and I like this polo shirt.Nice price, nice style, bought in nice time.
B009LB9P5K Really nice, but a problem I really like the Puma short I bought except there's no pockets except an inside pouch which isn't adequate.  That's too bad because I like the quality and everything else except that.
B009LH1TPS Less consistent than I had hoped I bought these because I got a groupon for a couple of pairs, and I liked them very much. They undies I got from groupon fit perfectly, by which I mean snugly, but unlike other snug undies, the waistband had some good give to it. Too often I get ugly red marks on my skin where the waistband has been hugging me all day, but these have a nice feel to them.Unfortunately, a couple of the ones I got from Amazon didn't seem to be cut quite the same as the others. They feel less snug, almost loose compared to the others. I notice that Puma seems to be discontinuing them, and maybe that's why. In any even, I couldn't give them 5 stars, due to lack of consistency.
B009LH1TPS Yea.. It's underwear These are some pretty nice boxer briefs. A little snug, but comfy. I think that they effectively hide my thunder.
B009MNYG1U Puma vs I am happy with the first impression of Puma Roma.  Final evaluation will be reserved until after several months of  wear and use have taken place.
B009MNYG1U Five Stars feels good and very lite on feet
B009MNYG1U Stylish and comfortable shoe I've only worn the shoes a few times and they have already broken in for the most part. They are really comfortable. They do come with black laces and yellow laces. I chose to rock the yellow laces.
B009MNYG1U VERY COOL AND NICE I LIKE IT, ITS  VERY NICE AND QUALITY TOO. I LIKE THE COLOUR AS WELL. THE SIZE TOO FITS WELL.
B009MNYG1U Puma Puma was the brand when I was growing up.  Now that I have worn all three pairs that I purchased, I can say they still are number 1 for sneaker wear!!!
B009MNYG1U Nice kicks They fit quite well, they're stylish, and I am so excited that they came in my size (14). I'll buy them again once mine wear out.
B009MNYG1U Alright Alright Alright Good shoe. Fits perfectly. Definitely not as narrow as other Puma shoes. I wear a 13, and they are comfortable.
B009MNYG1U Live my Pumas Excellent got, comfortable!  Favorite sneakers
B009MNYG1U SEAHAWKS!!!!!!! Perfect for supporting the team!  GO HAWKS! 12th Man!! Seahawks are taking Super Bowl in 2014. In Russ We Trust
B009MNYG1U Five Stars Nice look and comfortable
B009MNYG1U Yah Boy ! Cop These ! Great product, nice packaging, super fast delivery, would buy again.
B009MNYG1U Four Stars It was exactly what i look
B009MNYG1U Just Great I give this a five rating cause as soon as I put my feet in these shoes I felt right, I order a size nine but I originally wear 8.5 so I say let me just take a nine to be sure. Rather it a little bigger which I can still stick paper in it and wear them sill than it smaller which I mightn't be able to wear it at all. The shoes fit perfect, soft and nice on the inside. I say if you going to the gym or even going out this is a good flick.
B009MNYG1U Snug Overall I like them just a little snug around the toes. I would suggest getting a half size bigger , that should do the trick.
B009MNZO3O Gift These were a gift for my wife and they fit perfectly, she usually get a 9.5 and seems great and she always use them with comfort
B009MNZO3O Perfect sneakers I love my sneakers, I use them with jeans, casual outfits and are perfect, just as I expected.The delivery was on time and in perfect conditions.
B009MNZO3O Really comfortable! Not much else to say..... They feel like slippers and look great with jeans. Was looking for a shoe that could be ultra casual without being too tacky and without trying to look a decade younger than I am. Thrilled.
B009MNZO3O Puma Shoes -- Not enough Support Shoes were colorful and attractive; but &#34;b&#34; width is too wide for me.  The mesh material has too much &#34;give&#34;.
B009MNZO3O Comfy As expected because I had  tried them on in a store.  Found them cheaper on Amazon.I really like them because they are not a 'clunky' sport shoe.
B009MO0E2Y pretty pretty!!!!!!! this sandal is very light weight and the look is fun, cute. I enjoy wearing them. I have gotten compliment's.
B009MO0E2Y I'm satisfied Its a very fun shoe! It goes well with jeans or bodycon dresses! I hope see more colors such as all black.
B009MO0E2Y Stunning They are a WOW statement !.Something totally different. They fit slightly 1/2 size larger than normal, but extremely comfortable,One can walk all day without getting tired feet. Bought another 2 pairs as a gift.
B009R9D60G Puma California I love these sneakers. I like the fact that they are suede, and also that they have them in different colors for different cities.
B009RP3OYI very nice These socks are pretty cool for men's socks.  The colors are nice and they fit well.  It is hard to find nice socks for my son who has big feet but doesn't want plain white.  He really likes these socks.
B009RP3VZA Great These are great socks! Bought them for my hubby for xmas and they are made of quality material and so far are holding up well ( 6 months)
B009SCY9AI Great drivers shoe. These fit perfectly and provide a great pedal feel while driving my Lancer Evolution and the Porsche 911 at the track. They stay very clean for suede. I've had these for over a month now and wear them to work often and they still look new and feel great!
B009SCY9AI Solid/stylish shoe Second pair of this Puma model.  They're pretty comfortable and I like the look.  I would spend hours walking in them but for a few hours they feel great.  That about wraps it up.
B009SD2936 Love my Puma El Reys! I had the Puma &#34;Barrel roll&#34; before, a similar slip-on style, love em, then puma stopped making them? So I tried the Puma El Rey and couldn't be happier. My shoe size is right between a 9.5 & 10. So any Puma size 10 always works for me. These are comfortable, easy to keep clean and i wear them everyday to work for last 6 months and still holding up very well!Gonna order me another pair (color)!
B009SD2936 no adjustment for fit I bought these as a gift for my 89 year old father thinking a nice, no lace sneaker would be a good thing. I did not realize that what looks in the picture to be a grey velcro-secured strap across the front of the snealer was sewn and not adjustable at all anf this was too loose for him to wear with any sure-footedness. Amazon's great return policy was used and my payment was credited in a few days.
B009SDR9HC Quite good The sneakers was everything as described, but for me it was a too exact fitting.  Should have taken a 8.5.  But would recommend.
B009STI9NO Nice airs The shoes are as described on the site site/ Great feel..a bit smaller that what is shown  but still...looking forward for more shopping in the near future
B009STI9NO Perfect Simple, bright, and comfortable. I am very happy with this purchase. The price was great and they look great. Excellent
B009STI9NO Not Very Comfortable These shoes look great and I was hoping that they would be really comfortable. However, they are not. After four days of walking extensively (I bought them to wear while working a PGA golf tournament), they are still very stiff and not breaking in. In fact, they are starting to give me blisters. They are acceptable, just not great.
B009STI9NO not very sturdy I'm a moderate jogger, and don't wear the shoes for anything else. They only made it a couple months and the inside of the heal started to misshape. Had to stop using because it was altering my step. I'm done!
B009STNEF2 PUMA's Cell sneaks are where it's at. Puma always proves to be consistent in their sizing..I am a fan and very loyal customer.  I think I have about 12 pairs of the Cell shoe now. KEEP IT UP, PUMA!!!
B009STNEF2 awesome fits like it should... son loves themlooks to be well made (not a factory reject..as I worry when I buy shoes online)
B009STNEF2 Light weight and broke in very nice. I wear these for running/lifting/indoor volleyball. Work for me in all categories. I have found other pumas that tend to breathe better than these but still a very nice shoe.
B009STNEF2 Pain is gone Bought these shoes because they were recommended to help with Achilles Tendonitis.. I now wear them everywhere all day long teaching and then long walks.  The pain is gone.Great shoes.
B009STNEF2 Designer Shoes I currently own one which i love, a bit expensive where i bought it. I had to go with a larger size than i usually wear because of the width. I'm usually a 11 or 11.5.I love the colors ,design, durability, comfort. I will have to buy a few different colors. Thank you.
B009STNEF2 They work I bought these for work and they are great.  I work retail so they were worth it. Worth the cost.
B009STNEF2 best pumas yet only wear puma and love it. if you are on the fence wait no more jump on it..go for it
B009STNEF2 SUPER NICE! I was kind of scare to order some green shoes but I as so happy I did. They fit perfect and the style is amazing. I have the orange one's on my wish list and I have gotten so many compliments from girls of all things. Order and shipping and fast an easy. I will definitely be ordering some more in the next week or two.
B009STNEF2 nice I have to fill in the space with more words but all I want to say is... They are niiiiiiiiice.
B009STNEF2 The are perfect. Loved th they look great what a great gift, also perfect for exercise. I would recomend them to any one.
B009STNEF2 Great shoe These shoes were Comfortable, bright and light. I've work them to the gym once and have already gotten asked many times where I got them
B009STNEF2 puma shoes really like the style and they are very comfortable. they are great for everyday wearing or for working out in the gym, going on a run or simply wearing them casual with shorts or jeans
B009STNEF2 Love these bold shoes These are nice and lightweight.  Look just like they do in the pictures and feel nice on my feet.  I use them for casual wear and haven't been out running in them so I'm not sure if I am a good judge of durability.  They are holding up fine for me though after a couple of months use.  I will say, and I'm glad other people reported this in their reviews when I was shopping for them, these run a bit small in size.  I usually wear a 9.5 mens and decided to order a 10.5 after reading some of the reviews.  I am glad I did.  The 10.5 fit me perfectly.  So in my case, one size bigger was the magic number.  If you like a little flash in your footwear and a nice light shoe, this is a great choice.
B009STNEF2 as advertised everything is as advertised-innersole could use a bit more padding.innersole thickness is a matter of personal taste so i would buy this shoe again.
B009STNEF2 Nice shoes Looks great, feels good. The only issues I have are the flimsy shoelaces and the heel, which is a little shallow causing my foot to slip just a bit.
B009SU4IDI Puma Mobium Runner Elite I am NOT a sneaker person, but these are my new favorite shoes! I am not a runner, but these sneakers are so comfy I wear them any time I am wearing flats.
B009SUAWDI They are alright I was looking for something that I would be able to wear since I'm on my feet for 10 hours a day. After reading about them I thought they would be comfortable for  being on my feet for 10 hours a day I mean they are ok but I'm still looking for something better.
B009SUAWDI great shoe You may have to order half a size bigger from some brands of shoes but if you normally buy puma or Nike you will know this already know that. These shoes keep your feet very warm comfy but warm so not the best on really hot summer day perfect for the winter, spring or late fall.
B009SUNNQQ great summer weight sneaker Absolutely wonderful colors of orange and bright blue. They are comfortable, but had to exchange for 1/2 size smaller than i usually buy.
B009SUNNQQ Perfect fit Good mix of orange and blue.. It's so soft and sits comfortably on me.This is my 3rd Puma and the best of the lot because of the comfortness.
B009SUSWKI Top sneakers! Always liked the RS line by Puma. Definitely a throwback look that should go well with anything you got in your closet and will cushion your feet well.
B009SVMOCO Squeaky bottom They fit, look decent. I'm satisfied for the price but the squeak is quickly annoying. Its okay. Not very comfy
B009SW62MQ Perfect for school My daughter has a very thin foot, so this shoe was perfect for her because it is not wide at all. It is very sturdy and light at the same time. And, although it is blue, the sparkling on one side gives it a very cute and feminine touch. We love these!
B009SW62MQ Soft and comfortable. My daughter with wider feet loves these shoes.  They are nice and soft while still being supportive.  She wants another pair.
B009SWB1BS HAPPY mom!! Great fit, and a great style!!! Just a warning if your child gets into dirt like mine does, it does not take long for the white parts of the shoe to look grey. REGARDLESS, still VERY happy with this purchase, and so is my son! Win, WIN!!!
B009SWX7TW Good quality sneaker They fit very nicely and are not too narrow. Cleaning them is easy enough. My son came home with grass and mud stains all over them. I used a rag dipped in a very weak bleach solution. This worked beautifully and took off the stains without damaging the white material. I would not use the solution on the red parts though. Overall, they are very comfortable.
B009T3ABT4 Perfect! I bought these socks to wear while working out and they are extremely soft and comfortable! i will be buying more!
B009T3ABT4 These are not cotton socks The description on the website states that the socks are 80% cotton, however the actual socks I received have 0% cotton. They are made from a mix of nylon, polyester and spandex. For some people it may make no difference, however I was specifically shopping for socks with high cotton content, so I'm sending these back.
B009T3ABVW BEST SOCKS EVER These have become my favorite socks. Nice and cushiony! They come up high enough so the back of your sneakers don't rub. They are cute colors and they are just the perfect high quality socks I would expect from Puma
B009T3ADW4 cheap socks look worn out after the first washing very thinly constructed, these socks cling to the ankle ok but look a bit worn out after just one washing.
B009T3ADW4 Puma Are always my favorites! I have a draw filled with puma socks! If you run or not these are the socks for you.
B009T3ADWO untrustworthy, not as described The socks I rec'd are cheap looking and only 28 percent cotton and 67 percent polyester and not 80 percent cotton they advertize.  Shame on you.
B009T3W0NO Adorable & Durable I love this outfit for my 2 year old. Food stains washed out easily with a little pretreatment and gentle wash with like colors. The material is soft and breathable which has been great in the 100 degree weather we have been experiencing. The material has also held up against the play ground and regular washing and drying. It looks great and is an easy everyday outfit that my son finds comfortable. The shorts fit my tall skinny toddler with out falling down or squeezing him uncomfortably.
B009V3NJR8 Well made I got these for my 13 year old son that plays soccer every day at school for fun.  They have held up very well.  It has been 3 months since he got them and they show very little wear.  The color is a little lighter then indicated in the picture (we got the fluorescent green).  It picks up quite a bit of dirt, but that is expected.  I have not been disappointed by Puma yet.
B009V3NJR8 Better than nike free Totally comfortable and light. Love these. They are multi use and did I say light?  Wow!  I have two pair and will buy more.
B009WPE596 Gets him warm! Its all good! Happy with this purchase enough though the gray in this picture is a little darker than what you get. But the quality is great and keeps my little guy warm during the spring chilly days.
B009WPIL5K snazzy track suit. I bought this in a medium for my tall 7 year old. It is a long but it works as he grows fast.
B009WPIME0 snazzy track pants My tall 7 year old loves this track suit.  Yes, they may be a bit long for him, but rolling the waistband works good for the growing boy.
B009XEZMJS Neon is HUGE this Spring. I have twin boys -- 11 years old and they love wearing their neon colored shirts.  The fit is standard -- which is a good thing when ordering online, and it washes perfectly.  We've ordered a couple of these.
B009XFYR0C Imitation This is NOT genuine PUMA I am upset and want my money back!!!!! Why they advertise PUMA and its a filmsy material that will tear. DO NOT BUY THIS
B009XFYR0C nice my son it fit him well and the colour is nice i think i will be getting some more in the furture
B009XFYTCS Practical t-shirts Practical t-shirts. My son uses it to their sports practices, basketball, taekwondo, etc ... It is comfortable, lightweight and combinable with any shorts.
B009XFYTCS Excellent purchase. I bought these for my grandson. He absolutely loved them. He especially loved how the Puma stood out and felt soft to the touch. The shipping was quick and easy. Excellent purchase.
B009XG16PK Looks great...washes well...& was a GREAT DEAL on sale!! This PUMA, was purchased on sale weeks ago! ...made my teenager, a happy camper! It fits true to size, washed nicely & looks great on him! (~which makes HIM happiest! )  Shirt's really nice colors, too, I must say! Was nice to be able to pay less for a Boys XL, rather than more money, for a men's small or medium!  It's nice when we can do that w/ certain clothing, for our, &#34;teens,&#34; who are in between sizes!
B009XG1Z56 Thank you! These fit exactly to what their sizing chart stated. The shipping was super fast and my son loves these shorts. They are a bit longer which is exactly what we wanted :)
B009XG1Z56 Nice puma shorts This shorts are really comfy. When I ordered them. They are an add-item. it's only 6$. Really cheap and so nice.
B009XG1Z56 Five Stars Excellent
B009XG2ISO my son loves these shorts I got a 3T and my son is in a 3T shorts, he is 3 years old, they fit him perfect, we use them for soccer.
B009XJ6ATO Adorable dress I luv this drees and will be purchasing more! Great price and deliverd as promised and quickly.Great color, nice material and its a casual dress to wear to school and be comfy for her at school too! Stylish and will probably get a lot of wear!
B009XJ6QMA Great fabric! Textile feels smooth and soft. It was a bit smaller than I expected. But it just looked great in my daughter!!!
B009XJ8SPI Puma Pants Not true to color. Nice fit, material stains easily and does not wash well. Comfortable for active toddler.  Would not purchase again
B009XJ8SPI Capri pant My daughter is just 4 and bit slim but these are stretchy so they will be worn next spring and summer as well.
B009XP7N5S Comfortable and masculine These flip flops are very comfortable.  I wanted to add some pink into my flip flop selection, but it needed to be masculine, and these definitely fit the bill.
B009XPROWU So cute! These sneakers are very cute!They are true to fit, made well and extremely comfy!!!!I would definitely recommend these sneakers..Plus, it comes in a cute puma bag to store your sneakers in..so adorable!
B009YGXAM6 Long Pants I really like this track suit, but noticed that the pants seem very long, and I have a long-legged toddler. My son has worn this for a few months and we still have to roll up the legs.  The jacket part fits great and we often wear that outside on cooler mornings.
B009YGXAM6 looks great.. I got my order extremely fast .. i got 2 of them .. one for my kid and the other for my nephew .. the material is fine and size fits exactly .. my kid is 2 years and half my nephew is 2 years .. I had a problem with stitches color and the way they made its kind of not in a strait line and on white material these defects stands out..
B009YGXRQ0 I love this, perfect Bough this for my son, he's 20 month, and size 24 just fit, I just love it, when it first time he wear it, he do a boxing style and hit me.
B009YJQGWE yoga pants for my cheerleader i got these for my pee wee cheerleaders practices (team is purple&gold;)They are well made and she loves them!
B009YTOUI6 Soccer gear that improves your game. These fit great!  It was a perfect fit for my son!  This addition to his soccer gear has been a great addition to his game!
B009YTPK8A Nice shoes Very bright and are unique on the field. Not another one of those &#34;twinkie&#34; shoes. Excellent construction and bright colors.
B009YTPK8A Great fit and solid construction I've been playing Ultimate Frisbee in mud and icy fields for weeks in these. They fit perfectly and comfortably, and they've kept me from turning my heels into hamburger many many times. Highly recommended.Make sure to wash them in the sink, not the washing machine so you don't ruin them. Mine still look great once I take a rag to them.
B009Z1M0X0 well this as expected well this as expected, there is no problem with the delivery is very well without any novelty in this respect
B009ZRIJ0C Puma Very good product like it a lot and it fits very well good product and very good price would recommend it.
B009ZRIJ0C Bargain shoes Thought the villain theme might be a bit cheesy, but these are cool.  Look like typical Vans, hipsterish sneakers that go with sit and a bow-tie.
B009ZRIJ0C Nice shoes I like those sneakers. I think they are really cool. I wear them all the time. I would highly recommend them.
B00A005X4S best shoes ever I chose 5 star rating as shoes are awesome, fit perfectly and so soft to wear and walk in. Feel like slippers onWe live in New Zealand and I have never had a problem with service or anything from Amazon, I highly recommend and thank you Amazon
B00A005X4S Not for me. I ended up sending these back.  I realize that they are a mesh material, but thought they'd be a little sturdier/thicker? then they were.  Felt like if I wore them a couple months I wouldn't be surprised if my big toe wore a hole in the mesh.  Maybe it wouldn't have, but I didn't like them enough to take the chance.
B00A005X4S cute comfortable flats Love these shoes! Feels like I'm walking on a cloud. I did read the reviews and bought a half size up, it was a good move. These shoes are airy and not hot. They work either as flats to wear w jeans, shorts or to slip on to yoga. The only thing I wish I'd done, was bought a darker color. I have a feeling the pink won't stay clean looking.
B00A005X4S Looove - so comfy. These sneaker sandals are so comfortable - I want them in all colors!! They fit perfectly (half size bigger for a roomier feel and your feet expand throughout the day). One of the most comfy shoes that I own and so cute!
B00A005X4S comfy You can't get any comfier than these. After reading the reviews I also ordered.7.5 instead of 7 and they are great.
B00A008HR8 Love it, gives  me a little height [..] Posts  scroll down on this page. Shoes are perfect for capris and skinny jeans. Cheaper on here too, it's 80+ dollars on puma website + shipping. Amazon is the best way to go.
B00A008HR8 Stylish and Comfy Firstly, I ordered Liberty Blue but most definitely it is purple and not blue.  Luckily I like Purple.  and these shoes are so fab I am considering ordering another pair.  I love that they are not too bulky.  They are the perfect size w/o socks or thing socks and the small wedge adds MUCH appeal.  I prefer the wedge because of foot issues and like a heel in all my shoes.  This is not a over fashion-done wedge but a wedge you can walk in, every where.  The first day or two out resulted in a blister (without socks) but now they are golden and my go-to casual shoe.  They look cute with shorts, dresses, cropped skinnies, joggers.
B00A008HR8 Cute at First I really like the shoe, its comfortable enough. I got a 1/2 size up bc that's how I size heels.  They work well with skinny or relaxed fit jeans.  They are somewhat narrow or my foot is wider than I think.  I got the all gray ones bc they seem to blend well with my wardrobe.  I like that no1 else has them (and Im in Korea).  I like the style.  I am inclined to purchase another pair in a different color bc they aren't terribly expensive.  But they did tear and I have had them less than a month.  I don't do anything extraordinary in them whatsoever.  The rip is where my foot bends in the front, right above the stripes on the left foot in front of the logo).  For now, I am considering a 2nd order but for what it costs, I was satisfied.  I have worn them once since but they aren't anything I can show off, now.
B00A008HR8 Nice Sneaker This sneaker fits fine, except one major flaw the inside is made with some type fabric that irritates my baby toe. Other than that I would definitely recommend and purchase again.
B00A008HR8 great wonderful!! i bought this for my sister with best price ever. wedge makes look taller and colour is very bright and good.
B00A008HR8 thinner, lower and very narrow These are much narrower and lower than I expected.Better for jogging than walking I guess because they are very flimsy/lightweight.I am disappointed. Not as well made as I thought Puma would be.
B00A0HDGAO Great for so far My daughter is starting soccer soon, but she has also played with these on outside in the grass just to get a good feel. She likes them so far.
B00A0HDGAO Grandson loved them! Read other reviews and order 1/2 size bigger than usual.  My gradson loved them. Very light and comfortable on his feet.
B00A0HDGAO love these My son loves these cleats!  They are quite a bit higher than his last pair. they are comfortable and he runs fast! They seem to fit true to size.
B00A0HDGAO excellent service and product excellent service and product,  my kid plays on a soccer league and loves these soccer shoes the other kids like them too.
B00A0HDGAO Great colour Great colour and fit, my son loves them, we can always rely on puma boots.I wish Amazon didn't require a minimum amount of words for these reviews!
B00A0HDGAO perfect fits right.... very nicely made ... my son enjoyed playing  soccer with this shoe ... i like the fact that it so sleek
B00A0HE6PS Great Turf Shoe and Price! I purchased these for my 10 year old son for indoor soccer.  They are very versatile.  He can wear them on many surfaces: padded floor, tiled floor, regular turf and the new &#34;like grass&#34; turf.  The knobs are also deep enough wear they can grip outdoor grass as well.They are true to size and fit as expected.  First time wear was comfortable, and did not cause blisters.  They also appear well made, with sturdy stitching and formed tongue.  The coloring is attractive as well, and the price was great!
B00A0HEKYK PUMA Universal IT Soccer Cleat review My son is very  happy with these indoor cleats.  Says they give great traction and are comfortable.  I can recommend them.
B00A0HEKYK Very good quality This is a great shoe. Well made and confortable. The sole is made of good rubber. The only complaint that I can imagine is for the sole. I think needs to be more thicker since kids can wear it down very easily. I recommend it all the way.
B00A0HEKYK Like the look and fit I am happy with how they fit my son.  He was wearing borrowed cleats while seeing if he liked the sport. They kept falling off of him.  now he can concentrate on playing soccer without the worry of his cleat falling off.
B00A0HFT2W Good-Looking Shoes These shoes fit true to size and look sharp. My son likes cleats that are not plain - just a little different than everyone else's. These aren't the most obnoxious ones that he's had but he still likes them and I think they look good on the field. They are a little stiff so if you don't like a stiff cleat then these may not be for you - they are a lot like Adidas ones that we've had in the past. We have gotten Nike ones in the past that are a softer leather.
B00A0HL9D0 Looked great at first These were great at first, but before long the elastic ties that they have broke and since then it has been a battle of the laces!  They don't work well with the replacement laces that I put in and my son (and his teacher) get very frustrated keeping them tied.
B00A298W4A Amazing. I got this last November during Cyber Monday deals. ($30)  I carry my whole life in this bag.  I highly recommend it.
B00A2V7MLC 2T Sizing Perfect fit (and still great fitting after months and months of usage) My 2 year old has a cute little round belly and it still looks great on him.
B00A3UEX96 great deal great deal on base layer for running, fits too tight and too thin to wear as anything but base layer ( unless you are ripped)...does a good job for between 30F-60F to keep moisture away from body and provde some warmth (with a cotton outter layer)
B00A483ILQ Five Stars Light and comfortable
B00A53Z5XE Not happy with the purchase Not suitable for legs with wide foot. Doesn't absorb shocks while running. Suitable for batting, but not for bowling. Wouldn't recommend this shoes for bowling.
B00A7G11WI Five Stars Fantastic
B00A7H90D4 The Best! It's what I expected! for me one of the best purchases I've made&#8203;&#8203;! adjustable very comfortable, a little pricey but very pleased with the final product!
B00A7H92SW Puma Ferraris LS Wallet I bought it because I'm a huge Ferrari fan plus I have the purse to match it which I love the purse. There is no pictures to see what in inside looks like so I was very disappointed when I have received the wallet with the inside of the wallet. there is tons on space for credit cards but really no space for the bills and no pictures what so ever. I will use it for special occasional but not as a everyday use like I have planned on too.
B00A7H92SW LOVE IT The logo is actually gold or copper-tone like a penny or maybe even rustic looking...still nice but not silver, that is the only thing I noticed that is different from the picture other than that I LOVE it.
B00A86LX70 love the shoes Bough this for my girlfriend and she loves it. It fits well and it looks great also. Definitely a great buy.
B00AAIP7MI Yup, I'm an adult who wore it Got this skirt for mixing up kayaking and hiking to still also be ale to go to lunch and look sort of &#34;put together&#34; after. I got a large, and as a 5'5&#34; 120lb adult, it was still a little short and snug (though mid-thigh is short to me). Very bright and cute, the PUMA logo on it is indeed HUGE with acid yellow thread!I really do love this little skort, my only complaint would be that while the skort itself is a great heavy nylon/lycra/spandex, the shorts underneath are a thin and slightly translucent cotton that ride up a little, undies still required. Overall could really be great for kids or adult. I'd order again.
B00AAIQAZG Great lightweight jacket My granddaughter loved this jacket.  The sleeves were just a little long but that is good for her as she grows like a weed.  I got it just in time for her California vacation.
B00AAJDOIG Puma Puma is the choice of my kids.  Excellent purchase for my granddaughter's birthday.  My granddaughter does not like dresses.  Excellent purchase.
B00AAJDQSY puma girls rise above twofer tank I love this tank the colour is just bright.Item was delivered in good condition, I love it simply gorgeous, could not have  made a better purchase!
B00AAJEISQ Really cute. Make shorts bigger!  Are we trying to raise a generation of street walkers?  The colors are so cute, but really, leave something to the imagination, we are talking about impressionable young ladies here.
B00AAKJ6L4 cute i like the colors and so did my daughter and it fit just fine will buy again later down the line
B00AAKJ95C Casual Wear My daughter wears this to her gymnastics class...she moves freely in it and it she looks so cute in it. I placed an order for the pink one too!
B00AAKJ95C Perfect Everytime. This outfit is so cute! I bought several of these Puma outfits for Christmas for my 4 year old daughter. She wanted exercise clothing that looked like mommy's. (This stuff is way cuter than mommy's workout attire.)  I love that it fits perfect every time. We order a size 4 & it fits like it should for the style that it is.  She loves wearing them too. My daughter is almost 4 and half years old, 39 inches tall, and weighs 32 pounds.
B00AAKJ95C Fits great This fits my little girl perfectly and the quality is great as well. Would order it again in the future.
B00AAKJHFY It is really a favorite outfit. It is really a favorite outfit.Size is good.The design is cool like that.It is also good blend of pink and yellow.
B00AAKK88O okey short for the price they are great, however my girl prefer more one with softer fabric. but again she is only 5.
B00AAKL8F6 Cute and practical One of my grand daughter's stocking stuffers.  I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly it got here.  We both love this cute little outfit.
B00AAKNW50 Excellent purchase This set was perfect for sunny days.  The size came right!.  It was more than what I expected and really good price.
B00AALBGDY AWESOME OUTFIT!!!! The colors are vibrant, the low price could not be better, & the outfit is very light, flexible & comfortable!
B00AALE9G0 Cute These Puma shorts looked amazing on.  They were snug around her leg yet roomy around her waist.  She wears a size 5 and is of average weight for her age.  Would buy again....
B00AALELRC very cute Daughter loves them, great neon green colors, and very comfortable. Great quality for the price. Wish they had more colors in her size!
B00AALIU5G cute cute and comfy shorts. looks and feels like they are made well. A little big in the waist but that was expected.
B00AAMF6Z2 Good work out apparel I really like this outfit set. It's really great for soccer or any other work out at gym. I bought this set for my son. He loves it. He wears it to Crossfit kids. He looks really adorable in it.
B00AANI7AC Four Stars Goood
B00AB2N07M like I like the price is very reasonable and my husband loves, is identical to the photograph and said to be high qualiity
B00AB2N07M Puma sunglasses they arrived on time. I like the glasses. but they have a deffect. In the upper left hand corner of the left lens there isa blemish. The only reason I didn't return them was it doesn't interfere with my vision. I was disappointed, I think the sales price redflects second hand merchandise, factory seconds.
B00AB2N07M Puma Sunglasses 15151 Aviator Sunglasses, Gold,69mm. Last week I went to a high end eyeglass boutique to look at sunglasses.  I now have monovision so I don't need prescription glasses any longer.  I perused the counters and looked at RayBan, Michael Koors, and even Serengeti, glasses.  Then I spied the Puma glasses.  I tried on the 15151 model and was impressed with the fit and the fact that they wrap around the side of your eyes.  This gives you added protection from sunlight coming through the side window of your car while you are driving.  The price, much to my dismay, was $195 + tax!  I left the store dejected.  When I got home, I went to Amazon and found the exact same model # glasses for less than a third the cost at the boutique!  I am thoroughly pleased with these well constructed glasses.  They have great lenses and come with a really functional carry case.  Another great deal from Amazon!
B00AB2N2DO Well made, stylish, and won't break the bank Lightweight, nice matte finish, fits well, and no distortion. My previous favorite pair of polarized sunglasses were also Pumas which outlasted two pairs of higher-end &#34;designer&#34; sunglasses, taking a severe beating before I finally lost them after 4 years. I'm hoping these will hold up just as well.
B00AETY45E very satisfied very satisfied with the product meets all my expectations, size, color, and especially the quality, CONTINUE shopping at this store, I feel confident the product arrived in perfect condition
B00AEYPNMM Fits perfect My 13 year old loves it.  Its fits as it should.  And it matchess the pants. Material is suitable for our climate.
B00AFPN4NA Bright colors, light, soft fabric, but pants and sleeves are short Bright colors, light, soft, suitable for a skinny kid. Torque on the fabric appear even when you wear this set. But my daughter loves it - comfortable cut. It is a pity that he is her only for one summer. Pants and sleeves are short. Will soon have to buy a bigger size.
B00AFPN4NA nice Puma this costume is very nice good quality made i wish only they make for 2 years and older, babies grow too fast out of this nice pumas costume..
B00AFPN4NA too awesome It was big on purpose, I wanted room for growth. Thank you for offering so many sizes so parents like me can prepare better for our children.
B00AFPN4NA Great addition to a great looking child. If you have a great looking child, this will enhance that greatness.  If your child was shorted in the cuteness department, this will distract from what they have going on naturally.
B00AFPN4NA Really cute! My baby is 9 months and the 12 month size fits her great. It looks like it'll fit her probably up until 12 months. She's about 19 pounds.She looks really cute, the outfit seemed comfy for her (no complaints, anyway) and we got lots of compliments!
B00AFPN4NA Big Puma fan As a huge fan of the Puma brand, I had to buy this for my little girl when I saw the steal of a price!  I know that the Puma tends to run smaller in clothing, so as she was fitting in 9 months, I knew a she could start wearing this jogging suit in 12 months.  The pants seemed to run a little long in the leg, but other than that the fit was perfect.  She is absolutely adorable in this outfit (as she is in everything she wears, of course) and she has received MANY compliments when she wears her first Puma track suit.  We are sure to buy more, especially if deals keep coming around like we &#34;stole&#34; on this outfit!!
B00AI1V2B2 Very comfortable I forget these are golf shoes. The back of the heel is a little high, but after a couple of rounds, they no longer bothered me.
B00AI1Z2G8 Awesome These have to be the most comfortable golf shoes I have worn, they are very light in weight and are cushioned well!
B00AI1Z2G8 Nice and lite Great looking lite shoes. Service was great too.
B00AI1Z2G8 Light and comfortable - but noisy Good looking shoe and received some nice compliments about the color combination, light weight and a great fit.  These do make some noise and hopefully the noise will fade away when they are broken it or soften a bit.
B00AI1Z2G8 loved it I have already played 10 rounds wearing these and these shoes have made playing golf a joy. i could feel my legs getting tired after playing in my spiked footjoys but not in these shoes. will recommend to others and will also get more for myself.
B00AI1Z2G8 comfort The most comfortable golf shoes yet. It feels like your floating due to its foam soles. I use it on and off the course.
B00AI1Z2G8 good confortable
B00AI1Z2G8 Great footwear Really good looking footwear.Lite and comfortable.Would recommend to others.May need to order 1/2 size larger than normal.
B00AI1Z2G8 Great Just perfect, looks are deceiving, thought they were really lite and wouldn't hold up but they are great love em
B00AI1Z2G8 Light as Air These came with both orange and white laces- since the trim is orange, I'm wearing the orange laces of course. Super light, fit perfectly (I'm a size 12), these shoes are great to walk (or ride) your favorite course. Highly recommended.
B00AI1Z2G8 GREAT GOLF SHOE these shoes are light comfortable and stylish.  highly recommend.  well cushioned and easy to clean.  also no spikes to break off and they work just as well.
B00AI1Z2G8 Super light and comfy! First, a reviewer stated that they last 3 rounds...I'll have to call BS on that.  I've worn these for 6 rounds, and no wear seen, other than some creases in the uppers.  It's flexible and the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn!  I'll never go back to soft spikes again.  I've eve n ran with my stand bag down a fairway to catch up with the carts.  I walk when I golf-never use a cart.  The orange colorway is perfect-expressive but not to crazy.  I like brands that pay attention to aesthetics as well as technology.  Puma knows how to design great looking golf apparel.  These may not be the best in the rain, but who wants to be miserable in the rain? Again, these are the best for walking around the clubhouse or driving your car to and from the course-no more having smelly shoes in the car!  Just wear the Pumas and get compliments from everyone.  Hey, even if your not swinging your best, at least look your best!
B00AI222Y2 Like Wearing Pillows Played my first round with these yesterday. These are the most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. Usually after nine holes I can't wait to take my golf shoes off. Not the case with these, even wore them to the post round drink. Not for wet weather but you guys knew that right?
B00AI222Y2 Great but Durability Questionable I don't play in the rain and my feet get hot.  These are the best choice out there in my opinion in that regard.Super light and well ventilated.  They almost feel like wearing slippers.The construction though is so lightweight that you can tell these probably aren't going to last very long.  So then you just buy another pair.
B00AI222Y2 Two Stars Stuff like a rag and very thin.
B00AI222Y2 Perfect for hot Texas summer! Wow, theses fit great, are very comfortable, and are light as a feather.  The mesh material also helps keep my feet cooler in the hot Texas sun.  I experienced no problems with traction on swings.  So far (after only one round)  I believe I have found the perfect summer golf shoe!
B00AJK3X00 Cute and colors are nice A bit too sporty for my daughter in the design, looks more material like a tee top, but def sport material. So for a sporty daughter  then perfect for the real shirt this is!
B00AK3MNSY Loved them Very comfy and look so good.. I love them n my daughters love them.. One of my daughter is very picky abt her clothes fitting right n she loves wearing her new rockstar pants
B00AKDLL14 very comfortable it fits perfectly and is very comfortable to wear around the house and outside. The cut is perfect and I like it.
B00AKDOYYK comfy workout shorts Shorts are very comfortable. Also are very shear/thin. They are not as long and I would like, but overall good shorts! quick shipping!
B00AKDOYYK Product as Advertised Great fit. Don't wear colored underwear with them unless you want to show it off to everyone. Overall good product
B00AKQH8CC Cool v-neck This is definitely one of my best tees. I'm 5' 7" and 160 lbs, a Medium is a super fit on me, Not had luck on Puma sneakers though, but this shirt from them gives me hope on online shopping again. I bought a RED. It looks good, it feels good. thanks
B00AKQHCHI Five Stars Perfect!
B00AKQHCHI A hair snug Looks good,feels good,,but I would say the XXL just Barley fits.I would have liked a bit more room in the shoulder,chest area,but as long as it doesn't shrink,I should be fine....I'm 235 lbs,34 waist, so I'm not a guy with a lot of fat on me. I always wear XXL shirts. So if your a guy with a bigger belly than me,I wouldn't order this shirt.
B00AKQHJ5I Very comfortable Very comfortable to wear around the house, etc. on hot summer days.  They feel softer and are less &#34;clingy&#34; than all-polyester.
B00AKQHMVO Great Looking Polo I chose four stars because the material is pretty thin and the logo in the middle could come off if not washed right
B00AKQHMVO Fantastic!! A great value this shirts are way more expensive than what i got it for, I am really happy with it!
B00AKQHMVO Easy on Duties Polo is nice as expected but these polos should be made with some polyester if not all of it. Polyester must be used to increase life of the polo itself.Only downside to order from Amazon is that these guys charge tax like air to breathe. Other sellers are better in this case. I would say way better.
B00AKQHMVO Perfect gift! it was the perfect gift for my husband. Although it fits him a little just. I think i'll have to wash it by hand because the seals are possible that they break the fabric when using the washing machine. But my husband loved his anniversary present!
B00AKQHNT0 Nice Jacket! I purchased this jacket for my husbands Birthday. He loves it! I wanted to get him a ferrari jacket but shipping from the Formula 1 website would take too long as it was overseas (not to mention the price for the same jacket was cheaper on Amazon.) This is a very lightweight jacket, much lighter than I expected, but that is exactly what my husband needed. Its just enough when you need a little something. The material is very nice and the product seems well made. The fit is outstanding. It is fitted like it were tailored. If you want it to be baggy, order one size larger. I would recommend this jacket to others that might be interested.
B00AKQHPGG Ferrari This feels good,, Im now a member of the pit crew of Scuderia Ferrari, im wearing their official shirt... Ferrari never go out of style.
B00AKQHPGG perfect tee I bought this tee because I dont find it in any puma store so I decided to buy it in Amazon, the quality is good and the t shirt is the same like Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa  wear
B00AKQHWQ4 junk plyester not a cotton. Be careful if you are allergic to plastic of any kind. They advertise it as 100% cotton. It is lie. It is 100% polyester.
B00AKQHWQ4 Great Puma Short... !!! The short is great... Nice fit... Nice colors... It has pockets... The fabric doesn't look cheap... The short is exactly as shown in the product picture... It's a PUMA.
B00AKSPA0M longer than expected didn't realize that Puma now does basketball shorts. although, these were long even for basketball shorts in my opinon. good quality though
B00AKSPA0M Puma`s Shorts - Adidas Snickers!!!!!! hahahahahaha!!!!!! excellent picture! what a way to sell: Puma`s SHorts with a ADIDAS SPORTS SHOESC`MON C`MON C`MON! GIVE ME SOMTHING FOR THE PAIN! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
B00AKSPJVM Our Cat Loved it As did my friends.A 17 pound cat can sit comfortably on it!Tell Mr Bezos I proposed to my wife in his Seattle office 50 Years ago!
B00AKSY3RS i guess its for taller people its a little larger than i expecter, i guess its meant for lager people (I'm 5'11&#34;) but thats not that bad
B00AKSY3RS Good Quality Sweatpants Only con for me is that they are a little too long. I'm 6'2&#34;/180 Ibs and usually large is my size but in this case it seems they may be running a little long, but the waist is right though.
B00AKSY3RS Easy Care Bought this for a physically challenged individual to help them dress themselves.  They look nice, good for self esteem and wash up well.
B00AKSY4YU Great jacket It is a nice light jacket.  Not something I would count on for a really cold day, but great for mild/cool temps.
B00AKUCU7G Great item Love it. I use it as a warm up or after workout jacket. Lightweight and comfortable. Would definitely recommend this
B00AKUCU7G great as expected the product was as seen online. was great. would certainly like to get some sneakers from the shop
B00AKUCU7G The Unexpected! This jacket is not true to size; it runs a bit big.  That really was not that much of a concern for me even though I'm slim to average build.  What bothered me more was the fabric itself.  The material feels like a &#34;synthetic&#34;.  It doesn't feel comfortable and the bottom is just drops.  It is not what I expected.  I don't recommend this jacket.Dr. D
B00AKUCU7G Well made, fits well. It's a very well made product, fits just well and does the job good. I have recorded it to others.
B00AKUCU7G Price was right. I like this jacket, it looked sharp.I felt that ultimately it was too nice to actually work out in, and tbh it is in my closet waiting for a worthy use.It makes you feel like a character from a movie.
B00AKUCU7G Perfect weight for a California Winter Fits well and looks good. I have already gotten compliments from random people around town. I managed to buy it at around $15 so it was well worth it!
B00AKUCU7G Great jacket Love this jacket. Only had it for a week, and have no complaints. Ordered an XL and it fits true to size with other Puma products I have purchased. I tend to wear lighter jackets into the colder weather and this jacket is perfect for me in temps 50 to 20. Definitely recommend buying this jacket.
B00AKUCU7G tall man's delight Awesome jacket I want to buy more, perfect for a tall guy like myself with long arms, finally a jacket that fits
B00ANIZMR0 GOOD ,BUT AGAIN WHERE IS THE POCKETS not sure why puma have lots of shorts and pants without pocket. if kids wear it to play sport like tennis or golf they need pockts to keep ball. i have to spend hours trying to figure it out from on-line picture if it will have pocket or not.,.PLZ MENTION IN DESCRIPTION TO SAVE CUSTOMERS TIME IF THERE ARE POCKETS OR NOT.
B00ANIZRBG as advertised Original product had grease stain from shipping snafu. Returned and received new product in three days. Short is made of nice materials, seams are tight and flawless. Colored underwear will be noticeable through a white short but this is common across other soccer short manufacturers.
B00ANJ24IY Son's favorite jacket He recently told me red was his new favorite color and he loves cars so this was perfect find. The fit is great and the details are good, without being gaudy. It is a bit thin for a hooded sweatshirt, but the materials are high quality cotton blend, not the polyester of many of todays Puma jackets and track suits. We got a pretty good deal but it was still a bit pricy.
B00ANJ25BK perfect pants! i love puma/Ferrari! fits my boy excellent! and he absolutely comfortable in it! they are so stylish:) my son has t-shirt Ferrari as well, and pants make perfect match!
B00ANJ2B1Y Great Lightweight Jacket This jacket is super-cool! It has a subtle black on black Ferrari logo, is fitted throughout for a sleek appearance,  and is soft and lightweight. This jacket will be perfect for my son to wear to school in the fall.
B00ANJ5MCO Cute I really like the looks of this shirt. Overall it looks as in the picture and well done. Took one star down because some of the bright green stitches at the collar overlap from the green trim to the gray and it shows through a little at the sides at the back, looking a little off. My son loves it anyway!
B00ANJ5PLW Great Design With my active sons, these shirts are most appropriate as they are so comfortable.  The colour and designs make them so attractive.
B00ANJVU2A Fine hoodie I like the hoodie, it has nice colors and it has survived about 8 months of constantly wearing and washing quite well, but my main problem from the very beginning actually is that the sleeve endings are a bit tight. 20-30 month old kids can still have some 'babyfat' and i though my child is totally in average size, i find it hard to get her hands through and she is unhappy when clothing her. They are not tight to wear, just getting the hands initially through the sleeve is a problem.
B00ANR32PK Bavarian Motor Works swag!!!! I love this jacket...literally can't stop wearing it! People keep asking me where I got it from, it looks way more expensive then what it really was, almost like a real pit crew members jacket!
B00ANR3D6I Fits Well - Positive Reviews Good quality tank...the hems along the side help it stay close to you without constricting any movement.  Liked it so much I decided to purchase another one in a different color.  I'm 5'11 185 pounds and the Large was perfect for me (prefer workout gear slightly loose or more relaxed)
B00AO59I2W Great socks These socks fit wonderful, feel great on my feet, and are well worth the money. I highly recommend these socks.
B00AO59I2W Great socks The socks fit great and are durable. I wanted socks that are thick but breathe and these seem to be the perfect match.
B00AO59I2W Great! I think this was a great deal, and I love the design of the product. It shipped fast and was packed well.
B00AOAQAJG super great shoes They are great. They fit perfectly and i didn't have to get a size up like most of the reviews. They are so light wieght and comfertable. Im going to get the plain black ones gore work.
B00AOAQAJG nice but so simple they are nice but  they are so simple in design and material that was made out... they do not cost more than 40.00... sorry but you asked me for may opinion
B00AOAQAJG Too hard! I was not satisfied with these Puma's...I did return them...I found them too hard in the inside for a sneaker and a bit too narrow. A very nice rich color in spite of the discomfort. &#34;LOL&#34;
B00AOAQAJG Very cute! They are great looking and comfortable. They have loosened up in the width after some wear, which is just fine.
B00AOAQAJG Crazy about this show. Crazy about this shoe.  Never had a &#34;sneaker&#34; that felt this comfortable.  So good looking too.  Color selection is terrific.  You've delivered an unexpected experience....PERFECTION.
B00AOAQAJG Comfortable sneaker with some height Such a comfortable and stylish sneaker with subtle height unlike those other ones you see everywhere else that are obvious and cheesy looking in my opinion and meant only for teenagers. Feel you could wear these around an amusement park all day and they wouldn't kill your feet. As someone who is only 5'4 it's nice to have a little extra help. ha
B00AOAQAJG Super comfy and great looking I got the same model in grey before. I love the model, so I decided to stock up with different colors. Go for them if you are looking for a casual, walking shoes.
B00AOAQAJG Fit true to size, stylish, and lift me up a bit I ordered my normal size 7.5 in white swan-curbs & whey (they are light beige) with pale gold side stripe, pretty much like the online photos.  They are a bit snug but will stretch a bit after wearing. The heel is 1.5&#34; which is perfect and lift me up a bit (I am 5'6&#34;), not too exaggerated like those sneakers with 3&#34; hidden heel.  They are comfortable and stylish.  Very satisfied with this purchase.
B00AOAQAJG Two Stars Stylish but not a comfortable shoes.
B00AOAQAJG I could only say I like them because there was a dark mark on the ... I could only say I like them because there was a dark mark on the back of the shoe and heel.  Since I didn't know what it was, I couldn't take a chance trying to remove it.  I might have made it worse.  So as much as I liked them, I had to return them.
B00AOAQAJG Perfect wedge Love the color and the shoes are very comfortable. The wedge is low so to me it helps give just enough lift for a perfect fit.
B00AOAQAJG Five Stars So cute!
B00AOATXAO awesome Their awesome that's why ..u guys should try these I'm in so much love ever ...yes !!!!!! :) ..,
B00AOATXAO Puma Wedges i bought thesee for my daughter in College. She loves them. the fit perfect and are well made. she highly recommends them.
B00AOATXAO Its a wedge and a sneakers..........Screams!!!!! I am not a sneakers person but when I saw this I just had to purchase it. I definately will be buying more wedge sneakers in the futureThe wedge is comfortable and you can stand, Dance and pretty much do anything in it for hours. I proved that. My girlfriends who saw it loved it and all want a pair each.
B00AOATXAO LOVE I'm 4'11.... These shoes make me feel like an Amazon.  Very comfy.  I've even worn them to the gym with yoga pants.
B00AOATXAO Fantastic Shoes! Great shoes, comfortable and stylish, I have them in a size 9 as well, hardly any difference between the 9 and 9.5.  They are very high though so just keep that in mind - beautiful colour, love them!
B00AOBA9Z6 Many compliments These shoes are awesome! I have received more compliments on them than any other shoe I have owned. Happy shopping!
B00AOBAAQO Wickedly Fun and Green! I LOVE the color!  So fun and stylish!  They really dress up an outfit.  Fit nicely; a tad big, but nothing to be concerned about.  Having fun discovering clothes to wear with them!!!
B00AOBAAQO cute these shoes are super cute.  they are more teal than green, but still cute.  they aren't nearly as comfortable as I thought they would be, though.
B00AOBAAQO Love Puma flats If you don't want to wear sneaks, but still want your foot covered and concerned with looks, Puma flats are the way to go. Not made to wear with socks for appearance sake or fit so still a 3 season shoe. Great price if you can get for $38 or under
B00AOBC4JA Comfort and Stylish Just perfect and I will continue buying this design in other colors. Comfortable, trendy and lightweight. This is one of my 3 pairs.
B00AOBC4JA Comfortable?  VERY... These are sooo comfortable!  They run 0.5 smaller. I happen to come across a pair (different color, however) in a store.  My size which is 6.5 was too big so I ordered a size 6.  And  they fit perfectly. The bright pink trim just seem too bright for me compared to the picture online, thus the 4 stars.  I have a trip coming up that involves a lot of city walking.  And I am really hoping this will do the job. It's fall anyways, I will just have fun picking clothes around these colors.
B00AOBC4JA Perfect summer shoe! I absolutely love the Puma flats and I've been buying them up in all the colors and styles I can find.  They're versatile and very comfortable, perfect with capris for summer or jeans in spring & fall.  They do run small, be sure to order a half size larger than you normally wear. Fortunately I tried them on at a Puma store before buying any online.
B00AOBC4JA Good fit I wanted to wear them without socks right away but they irritated my feet too fast. They need to be worn a few times to get used to them.
B00AOBD728 product summary the fit of the shoes is good and the colour of it is vibrant, so overall it is pretty good
B00AOBELPU loved them The purple in them really stands out. They are comfy as hell and I don't regret getting them, I would reccomend
B00AOBEVTQ Colorful and comfortable. Purchased these for my daughter who needed a good pair of basketball shoes for the temporary mid-winder court games.  These not only fit her perfectly, but look quite good.  She tells me they are quite comfortable and has now worn them as a fashion statement after basketball ended.
B00AOBEVTQ puma sneaker I choose this review the product was what I expected, I loved it. If I were asked of course amazon would be the answer I'd be proud acknowledge. This should be the only review I need make on this item, I will be happy to shop again, sometimes you request to much regarding orders, if I'm not happy I would return item.  Thank you, Look forward shopping again.
B00AOBFEC4 ... was the product i was looking for and it liked to my it was the product i was looking for and it liked to my gf
B00AOBFEC4 Sooo Cute!!! Love them but they run a lil big. Other than that they are really cute... Will buy more for sure...
B00AOCAP9A / not happy customer! run very thin!! had to return them and STILL waiting a refund!!:/ not happy customer!!
B00AOCAP9A Nice comfortable work out shoe. Light on the feet, too. It's comfortable for the treadmill and that's the main thing for me. I never really enjoyed the treadmill because I never felt I had the right shoes. These fix that problem. Very light on my feet but strong and I feel supported.
B00AOCAP9A Light and bright They are true to size and so light; almost like not having any shoes on. They breathe well, and are cold this time of year but I'm sure it will be perfect for summer. Love the bright but not too bright color!
B00AOCAP9A Bright and light Great shoe for a great price.  Fits and feels so light and comfortable.  Great find - couldn't ask for anything more
B00AOCAP9A Perfect workout shoe Very light weight. Perfect for even my most strenuous workouts. I like them very much and would order them again!
B00AOCAP9A Very light and very comfy My shoes are perfect. Since I have a condition that causes my feet to swell quite a bit on occasion, I need shoes that can accommodate both the &#34;normal&#34; feet and the swollen feet. I've worn these in both conditions and they are so adjustable that they were comfy either way. I heartily recommend these.
B00AOCAP9A So comfortable! Great price for these awesome shoes!
B00AOCAP9A Very light and fits as expected It's been worn to the gym a couple times and happy with it thus far.Very light and fits as expected.
B00AOCAP9A color and look is awesome i loved it but i always have arch issues and it was making me throb so i had to return. got lots of compliments though and very light weight.
B00AOCAP9A Not what I expected From the description of this shoe and some of the reviews I read, I was hoping they would be very comfortable.  I found them to be a little snug.  I'm hoping they will stretch a little with wear.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe! Perfect fit, stylish, and feather-light.  I could wear these all day without discomfort.  Lots of comments from my friends, all favorable.
B00AOCAP9A DONT LIKE THE SOLE FOR CORE WORK I FIND THE SOLES A DETRIMENT TO WORKING ON BALANCE. THE ODD CONFIGURATION AND SHAPE AND WEAK MESH  MAKE IT DIFFICULT FOR THE FOOT TO STABILIZE. FOR MY WORK OUT TYPES  THIS SHOE IS AWFUL
B00AOCAP9A So Comfortable! Bought these as incentive to be more active, and it worked!  I only wear tennis shoes when I'm working out, but I could live in these!  They're super light (you can literally fold the in half), but they're still ultra supportive.  I love hiking and doing Zumba in these.
B00AOCAP9A Great Show I needed new shoes for working out, and these are great. They keep my feet from getting too sweaty and gross and look very stylish. I wouldn't wear them for a marathon or anything since they are a little thin and can get water in them easily. I wear them to classes sometimes and to workout indoors, and they are holding up awesome.
B00AOCAP9A Good lightweight shoes These were exactly as expected for Puma's. Lightweight, comfortable, flexible but supportive, good traction, and attractive. And one word more to make me able to post this. phht.
B00AOCCXJU comfortable The fit is fabulous ,so I give it 5 stars. The cushioned soling is a real plus and it holds my foot as if is was made just for me
B00AOCCXJU Should have listened to other reviews This sneakers look cute and there is definitely a spring in the front step, which is nice.  But they are very stiff and the back heel is way to high.  I could tell they would give me blisters.  Also the bottom heel has very little cushioning.  I'll just stick with my faas 500's, eventhough I don't love the styles.
B00AOCDNJ4 Very colorful When I first tried to put the shoes on, I thought I would need to return them. After loosening the ties and getting them on, I decided I could wear them after all.  They are very snug and supportive for the walking I that I do every day on concrete floor.  I would recommend them with a note that they are very snug.
B00AOCDNJ4 These shoes are BRIGHT!!! They are comfortable - and I'm sure I will be seen coming a mile away! I'd give it five stars, but the strings are a little short on my pair.  Don't know why.....
B00AOCDNJ4 They're Great! The sneakers are great. They are lightweight and have enoigh cushion to do a vigerous step aerobics class! I have been recommending them to all the people in my classes
B00AOCDNJ4 Comfy and Good Looking I bought these for my daughter, 15, who does a lot of cross training as she pursues her dream of being an Olympic judoka.  She uses these for running, weightlifting, and doing various fitness classes.  They took a few weeks to break in, but she's very happy with them.
B00AOCDNJ4 Very nice sneaks I took a gamble that the PUMA last would fit me well. Happily it did. Love the eye catching hot pink and the soles glow in the dark. How cool is that?! I am using them for exercise classes. Run true to size.
B00AOCDUD8 Five Stars very comfortable! I love them.
B00AOCE7IA Well pleased These shoes are amazingly comfortable! They are lightweight, easy to clean, and built for &#34;movability.&#34; I work at Home Depot and walk around on cement floors for hours and hours at a time and the insoles provided in the shoes are the perfect cushiony pillow to ease the pain of cement walking. Highly recommend! : )
B00AOCE7IA I LOVE THESE SHOES! Most comfy shoes straight out of the box I've bought in some time.. I walk A LOT for work and these did the trick, they are flexible, and comfortable and my feet didn't get tired even after being on them all day!
B00AOCE7IA great for zumba the shoes are just what I needed to wear for zumba ( I had been wearing some old sneakers w/o the pivot)I like the looks too.  I anticipated wearing them for other occasions too
B00AOCE7IA Comfy casual shoe Very nice comfy casual sneaker. Much better quality compared to soleil model. All leather upper is very nice and excellent support with slim profile.
B00AOD2OQ6 Sweet Shoes!! I was feeling a little 80's the day I bought these.  They fit well and look sharp. The only thing is that I'm afraid of getting them dirty so I wear them accordingly.  They won't look good dirty.
B00AOD2OQ6 Puma sneakers I bought these sneakers for my husband and got a 1/2 size larger based on other reviews.  He put them on and said they were light, fit perfect!  I looked for something with mesh because his feet get hot.  So far so good!
B00AOD2OQ6 BANANAs over CABANAs I'm a US8 and the US9 fits me right, with a little space if i wanted insoles or thick socks. Really comfortable and sleek. Eye catching and classic.
B00AOD2OQ6 Pretty good! These shoes are pretty comfortable and look great!!!  I would recommend them to anyone.  Puma makes great sneakers and I would buy these again in a minute.
B00AOD2OQ6 Five Stars Great shoes!
B00AOD2OQ6 Birthday Sucess! I bought these for my husband as a replacement for his favorite 15yr old Nikes (not joking). I'm surprising him this year for his 30th birthday with March Madness tix and decided he needed updated sneakers. Well... He loves them! They fit just perfectly.. Could have gone up a size to be safe, but they are pretty much just right! He likes the style and colors too. Sometimes he just needs a push for a new style, and this time it didn't take long for him to embrace the change.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great Shoe Feels great to walk in and fits my foot perfect. The insole used is very comfortable and makes easy to walk and &#8203;stand for a long time
B00AOD3U8W Fresh... These are necessary if you know and collect kicks. Grab a pair or two before they stop making them...Yes Yes Yall!
B00AOD3U8W A Little Long. But Still Great Everything Thing Else Was Good. These shoes are too dope!!! It's A must for sneakerheads.Too Sweet. 2 Thumbs ups. Good
B00AOD3U8W BRUH. Best shoe ive ever worn. Was iffy at first but they are great they are Beyond Comfortable.Sexy.And go with almost anything.Thank you Puma best shoes ever doee
B00AOD3U8W I like it. Originally, I love it because of the pictures of this item. Now, I become  like it because it's not as perfect as I hope.
B00AOD4TAA Comfortable and stylish No complaints.Loving the shoe, turn alot of heads when I wear them. Really got my money worth, definetly a good buy for a good look.
B00AOD4TAA so nice These sneakers have gotten so many compliments, i love them!!  the sizes are men so make sure you order 2 sizes down
B00AOD8YMO Comfortable, affordable, and good looking! This shoe is very comfortable, and super lightweight. The cushion is soft but also supportive, and the heel weld is quite snug (in a good way). The color is super vibrant, and really does glow in the daytime.
B00AOD8YMO Great for a glow run! These are nice looking neon colored shoes. They looked great at a night glow run that I participated in. The orange color is very bright and there are small glow in the dark features as well.
B00AOD8YMO Five Stars perfect as i expected.
B00AOD8YMO Great Glow in the Dark Bought for my grandson who needs trainers with stability and to accommodate his flat feet.  He finds these great for his training runs nice and light.  Puma not well known in New Zealand but he loves them.
B00AOD8YMO Nice sneaker I read some other reviews and I am glad I did.I went with the next size up as suggested and they feel n fit great. Very attractive,particularly if your a Syracuse Orangeman fan.
B00AOD8YMO Excellent Hands down the nicest shoes I've ever owned. I was a little concerned about their fit due to the previous reviews on here, but I went with my usual size and they ended up fitting me perfectly.Other than that, they look ridiculously cool. Even nicer out of the package than in the picture. Extremely comfortable as well.
B00AOD8YMO very hot footwear after the Asics pinkI thought why notman the comments and compliments I get on theseand a comfortable shoe
B00AOD8YMO I love these! These shoes are very nice! They are much more vivid in person and the picture doesn't do them proper justice! I am going to probably order the Mint also simply because of how much I am pleased with the orange!
B00AOD8YMO cool&#65292;beautiful&#65281;&#65281;&#65281; nice look and good support of the bottom. soft and strong rebounding. Amazing glowing in dark, but u have to keep it in a bright place before.
B00AOD8YMO Very distinctive and highly comfy runner I really enjoy this Puma running shoe.  The combination of comfort, lightweight design and sharp looks makes for a great combination of coolness!
B00AOD8YMO They glow in the dark and are very comfortable. There is not enough room for your toes to spread, but other than that they have good cushion for running.
B00AODTEZA Great out of the box It's ok great out of the box. Heel is not as firm as my other pumas. After a week of running.
B00AODTEZA So far so good.... Purchased these for runs on the treadmill. So far, no shin splits and they're comfy, plus stylish enough to run out of the house in.
B00AODTEZA Very comfortable pumas Very comfortable shoes especially if you are on your feet for long hours & stylish too. I highly recommend this shoe
B00AODTEZA DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. So my shoe ripped after the second use. The sole on the bottom of the shoe has detached itself. I cannot fix it. I am not so much mad that the product malfunctioned as I am mad that the sellers said &#34;the return/exchange policy has run out, no return/ exchanges.&#34; Well this seller only has the cheap shipping that takes forever to get to you. Well apparently, even though the product hadn't been delivered to me yet, the time ran out on returns/exchanges. This seller is BS! They also send you a little email asking you not to review their products. (I'm not even making that up, I really got an email asking that I not review the product.) That is probably because they pull this sham on other people and they have left reviews just as I have. DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER. RIP OFF. SCAM. GREEDY.
B00AODTEZA very comfortable It is an excellent shoes. When you wear it, it feels very good. It can buffer the impact from the round to your foot when you are jogging.Besides, nice color and nice design.
B00AODTEZA Awesome show designs helped relieve pain Excellent shoes, I've already worn these shoes during my early morning pt (army) runs and I don't feel my knees or my shins hurting anymore.
B00AODTEZA My opinion requested Feel the shoes tight. A larger number will not make it better It's a matter of width I do like the product though.
B00AODTEZA Love them! The comfort is amazing!  Love that able to put inserts in the shoes that work for my particular foot problem!
B00AODTEZA PUMA MEN`S BIOWEB ELITE LTD RUNNING SHOES I STARTED WORKING OUT AND NEEDED A GOOD SHOE THAT I FELT COMFORTABLE AND WOULD HOLD UP THROUGH THE HARD WORKOUT,THE PUMA IS THE ONE,
B00AODTEZA Attracted ALOT of attention at the gym!! I have been a mega fan of puma shoes since childhood, and I must say I am yet to be disappointed with their products. Be mindful that you really have to buy a 1/2 size up to fit perfect, which I did and went running immediately after receiving these. Very very comfortable around my feet, the sole is well padded and soft enough for jogging. Very fashionable so much that people at the gym were either looking/complimenting about the shoe.
B00AODVKJI Comfort and light Comfortable and light, enjoy this shoe! Have always used Mike, but this style of puma is great for jogging and going to the gym.
B00AODVKJI Nice shoes Stiff at first but once broke in they are a very nice shoe and very ventilated.Recommend to use run in these on a chilly day, very cold.
B00AODVKJI GREAT BUY BEING THE FRUGAL PERSON THAT I AM. I FIND IT HARD TO SPEND OVER $50 FOR SNEAKERS. I CONTRIBUTE WISE SPENDING TO MY MOTHER AND THESE SNEAKERS WERE A GREAT BUY. PRICED JUST RIGHT AND I HAVE THEM ON RIGHT NOW AS I WRITE THIS REVIEW.
B00AODVKJI I like it! It was love at the first time. Are very confortable and look nice if buy it yuo'll never be regreted, it's a good experience to use it
B00AODVKJI Just a little big They maybe a little big because the way puma runs.  Other than them being a little big my husband loves them.
B00AODW9HA Attractive shoes I bought I for my husband in his size he loves it,it goes with also most everything he wears but it it a little to small we did Not want to go through the hassle of sending back cause it would not of made it to us on time so he thinks it might loosen up after a few wear
B00AODW9HA great shoe just wanted something to wear around but I noticed a lot of pumas I try on have really good grip on certain floors like cement floors in a mall and on a gym floor. played racquetball in them and they r awesome! but prob not meant for it bc they started to fall apart on the front after one use. but they arnt made for rball. they r a bit small but I buy thinner socks for this reason specifically and it worked out well. I don't know if I would recommend them for distance running tho. comfortable for a few hours but not for much longer than that.  for me anyway. I actually like tight shoes and have a narrow foot so I didn't think I would be saying I should have got a half size larger.but ya they look great
B00AODW9HA Puma "cats" are quiet I am very pleased with my Puma sneakers. They fit well and are comfortable to wear all day. git ja some
B00AODW9HA These are a bit snug until you break them in a bit... Over-all these are fantastic shoes! I feel like I am walking on clouds! Makes you want to run the second you put them on. Awesome!
B00AODW9HA My son has big feet My son is only 10 he wears a men's size 8. I need to find a shoe that is still kid friendly. He loves his new shoes! He thinks he can jump and run faster, because of the &#34;puma&#34;. His favorite color is blue and it goes great with his colombia blue sweater.
B00AODW9HA Really it looks good Really it looks good, For first use i feel comfortable and  I would like to get one more in the future.
B00AODW9HA Puma's They are cool like Puma's. They are a little tight at first but break in easy, which may lead to a more rapid degradation of the show (at least that has been my prior experience, but I'm hard on shoes). Great style, I even got a couple unsolicited compliments on the look. Regarding performance, so far so good my feet felt stable and did not shift.
B00AODWHCC comfortable sneakers i bought these for husband for fathers day and it says they are super comfortable! he loves the fun neon green color too!
B00AODWHCC Will buy them again Nice sneakers very comfortable I've got a nephew that has pumas that's all he buys I wore them once I was hooked.
B00AODWHCC Very Satisfied Very good C-T sneaker for the price.
B00AODWHCC More o less The y dont show all the shoe And i dont like the draw in the Other side. I dont like it
B00AODWHCC All stars They are 5's - they are so comfortable and lIghtweight.  Bought them because I am in the hospital for a transplant and need to do exercise to keep my body active - they ave been wonderful.
B00AODWHCC Cool cats on my feet Man for the price I couldn't pass these up. They look cool, and there nice and light weight. I am the only cat in town with these cats on my feet.
B00AOE059S Love it So comfortable especially for work. Perfect fit.I am a medical student and I used to wear this for my clinicals and this shoe was comfortable and never gave me a problem.Wont Disappoint you
B00AOE059S Like walking on foam bedding So comfortable and a daring style for me but everyone showed great interest in them when I wore them to work. No laces, no velcro strapping, slip on and they still snug your foot with absolutely no attempt to lift away from your heel. As light as air. Go no more than a half size larger and you will be happy.
B00AOE059S Light and comfortable They look fine and are light and comfortable - suitable for feet on the wide or deep side. I would prefer it if the sole edges were dark as white gets grubby.
B00AOE059S me likes Very comfy and breathes very well. Cool looking too. Glad I got them because they are so comfortable to walk or jog in
B00AOE059S Very comfy but.... Very comfy except towards the end of the day when my feet tend to swell in thie heat.So great shoe moat of the day.
B00AOE059S Five Stars Great runners no laces and fits right
B00AOE059S No problem :-) Everything OK, super fast, I can recommend.
B00AOE059S Five Stars Good
B00AOE059S They are very comfortable and light weight I bought this because my brother buys them because of a foot injury.  They are very comfortable and light weight. I just hope Puma keeps making them.
B00AOE059S Got my purchase quick. I appreciate that. Dont know yet they are a christmas gift . :) I'm sure they will fit just fine thanks . :)
B00AOE059S exercise shoe well supported fits like a glove. easy to go on. does not stretch easily holds the foot without suffocating it. made of a breathable material that makes it good to exercise in and does not make the sneaker have a smelly sweaty after scent. use for weight lifting mostly
B00AOE059S Osu Lightweight and easy to wear. This product wraps well around the foot and is both durable and flexible. Good shoe.
B00AOE059S I like me this product I recommended this brand
B00AOE059S Puma osuv.3 Still comfortable even though I wasnt thinking when I picked the size. No complaints here!!Everything I expected and more!Cant miss
B00AOE059S Four Stars Nice shoes
B00AOE059S Happily surprised Excellent. Fits perfectly.  I might buy these again. Love not having to lace up.  Fits like a glove. Love puma
B00AOE059S Puma men's osu I already have the puma osu 1 so when i purchased the osu 3 i had an idea in my mind how it should fit. I must say it exceeded my expectations. I would recommend this shoe to anyone but it fits better on someone who wears medium width shoes.
B00AOE059S Not as good as the OSU 2 Ordered these as a replacement for the OSU 2 which were the perfect shoe. This version's lack of velcro makes them to fidgety to put on.
B00AOE059S Great shape and really comfy I bought it for my dad and i have to say I'm impressed, it looks better than the picture and it is really comfortable for him, now he uses these pair not only in sports put to go everywhere.
B00AOE059S Nice Very good fantastic those are something I need.and this shoe perfect for jogging in estera removes all impact the knees ...
B00AOE059S Perfect fit! Fits like skin. Just be sure to order one size larger. If it fits good, you'll love it! Contrary to other reviews, the width isnt an issue.
B00AOE0H0K Score!! Right fit..Right price..GOT these babies on sale for my son..He loves them..And they are holding up to the everyday wear & tear
B00AOE0H0K very fast At the same rate as if the light has arrived.You are the best.good!~~~~very good very good good
B00AOGL8E2 And they have very usable pockets! I look forward to using this item once it has been altered.  They are very attractive and sporty-looking.It is a boon to me that there are very large, usable pockets to hold items...e.g. tennis balls, kleenex, et cetera.
B00AOH0OXW Very good. I bought the pant performance for my boy 4.5 years old. I want he to dress it next year, so I bought the performance much larger.
B00AOH0UKO Good buy We live in Florida and my son runs hot. He loves performance clothes and this is his favorite outfit. He is very active and these pieces are enduring and wash really well.
B00AOH0UKO Does the job My son is 43&#34; tall and 42 pounds. He can get away with a size 5 or 6. This fits him perfectly with some room to grow, but not so bad that it looks too big. The elastic in the shorts are not too snug, the colors are very vibrant, and its a good material that will not contribute to overheating when my son is running around playing soccer
B00AOH0YAU Cute Summer Outfit My son is 24 months and on the bigger side (97 percentile for height and 75th for weight). The 2T fit him just fine and it looks adorable!
B00AOH0Z86 Just fine Comfortable outfit for my 2 year old. Shorts are a tad long, but they are true to being a basketball type short.
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Hombres Future Cat M1 Grandes Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker, Negro / Rosso ... Best buy good comfortable shoe comfortable as I saw on the internet like, I have not any problem with the shoes, I recommend it for those who are watching and want to buy it do so without any qualms
B00AOMV7YW Five Stars These are awesome
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker,White,11 D US PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker,White,11 D US very good buy great price very happy thanks
B00AOMV7YW Grandson loves them! Purchased these for my grandson's Christmas gift and he couldn't have been happier! They fit perfect and the stitching and design are perfect-no imperfections at all! Even paying the shipping they were $10 cheaper than in the stores.
B00AOMV7YW Sport and fashion collaboration. Awesome footwear.  A definite sport-like fashion statement.  Always a conversation peace.  I will purchase a pair for the gym and one for the streets.
B00AOMYC2Q My concern. The size is smaller than all the 9.5 D US i have been buying. I don't know how i am going to use it because its uncomfortable. Thanks for asking, but dont know if something can be done about it.Sincerely,Asuquo
B00AOMYC2Q lood good Soft and look good.
B00AOMYC2Q Nice packaging and price! The shoes came right on time and it had everything in order. I found the shoes to be nice and well packaged in the puma logo, and I love the feel of the shoes though sadly they are a bit snug, but nothing a little wear can't fix.
B00AOMYC2Q Great! I bought them for my son and he loves them! It's a great deal when they are definately more expensive at a store.
B00AOMYC2Q Different "D" then I've ever worn. I read the reviews before I bought these, with many suggesting...getting a 1/2 size length bigger. which I did, but  still too thin. The width description says size &#34;D&#34;, but Puma must have a different size &#34;D&#34; width, than any D I've ever worn. I put them sole to sole with my Nike's which are &#34;D&#34;s as well and the Puma's were about 1/4 inch thinner on each side. I returned them and will try another red Puma, going up to 11.5 and hopefully they will fit.
B00AOMYC2Q Dont purchase these here!!! Buy from ferrari Doesnt look authentic! I buy all my other shoes from the ferrari site! These look totally different! The ferrari logo looked stamped on!!
B00AOMYC2Q Five Stars Still good. Thank you so much
B00AOMYC2Q puma mens drift 5 ferrari snk red Omg I love the sneaker very light and supportive, now all I need is a Ferrari 458 red to drive around in,
B00AOMZH1Q Yep, Order Larger! I should've heeded the warnings by many others here to order a full size larger for this shoe, something I've never had to do prior to this order. Now I'm in the return and replace cycle. On the positive side, the PUMAs look as sharp in person as in the photographs and they are feather-light.
B00AOMZH1Q Fitting is not good Fitting is not good..slightly thight..i cant recomend to a friend..design is nice except for fitting... I hope i can return the shoes
B00AOMZH1Q good Excelente condici&oacute;n, it fits, i just though it would be a little bigger but beside that everything else is as expected.
B00AONURJ2 Brilliant brilliantThe puma ferrari Novelinno are extremely comfortable I asked for a size 7 and I qudaron perfect shipment takes me a little but expected valuable worth I loved
B00AONURJ2 curious I am curious to know if shoes come in their original box?? Since they will be a gift for my husband for valentines :)
B00AONV17Y GREAT I definitely recommend checking this out.Buy 1/2 larger than your usual, US sizes. I wear Puma 10.5 to 11.5 and these are on the spot with 11.5 USThey look great and so far no problems. You will not find a better deal at your local Puma Dealer, great buy for what I paid.
B00AONV78W Great Deal I got these for around 50$ and the other sizes were around 100$. Great deal for a real nice looking shoe.
B00AONVA52 Four Stars Like it a lot
B00AONVA52 Review Was difficult to slep my foot in shoe. May be that special design but it worked for my son. Thanks
B00AONVA52 Expecting something similar to the Mostro model I bought this model since I couldn't find the Mostro model anywhere anymore. These shoes are a little narrower than Mostro and a little harder to put on. My review is based on comparison with another Puma model.
B00AONVA52 Walking Smooth Fits great and comfortable.
B00AONVA52 Five Stars Is comfortable sneakers is really amazing.... Is Like como u&ntilde;a y mugre!!!
B00AONVA52 Sturdy, Light, No-Nonsense These shoes are exactly what I've wanted my whole life. Slip-on, minimalist feel with great tread and comfortable &#34;dress-shoe&#34; presence. Might only buy Pumas from now on.
B00AONVB5G sick! 6 stars I thought these were the coolest shoes I've very bought! If you got a bmw it will take you to a new level! I highly recommend this shoe!
B00AONVB5G Is great I really like the design, it is comfortable and seems sturdy. is the best I've bought. I recommend it to everyone
B00AONVB5G Very nice!!!! My husband loves these, they fit perfectly and are very stylish, and would recommend them.But if it's for a man with wider feet order one size up.
B00AONVB5G super comfortable shoes bought it for my husband. he likes everything with BMW logo (and especially Puma product). I was really disappointed to find an huge incision in the front of the boot (it was not a scratch).but shoes themselves are very comfortable and weightless.
B00AONVQCY awesome amazon!!!!! This is a awesome pair of shoes tell people to order up I take asize 10 in other shoes but this one is just right thanks again super Quick service you gus are the bomb!!! Keep up the good work lion.ps. you guys have never let me down with everything you also have the best communication skills and on time commitment thanks Again lion.
B00AONVVMO Be careful I think these shoes may be fakes. The leather does not feel like pumas I have had in the past and they started to fall apart after only two months. I will take them to a shoe maker and try to get them repaired.
B00AONVVMO Excellent buy! I love the product. Reached in time. Fits perfectly. Smooth and light, as expected. Design is also very attractive. Go for it.
B00AONVVMO Nice and Good quality Color and Material looks really nice I am size 9, but the shoes are too streech. If you will order, order a number more,. Nice material, I can order another more.
B00AONVVMO Great shoes I've worn Pumas before and found them to be very comfortable and well-fitting shoes. These do not disappoint! The leather holds up quite nicely.
B00AONW5CO Pumas Future Cats are excellent Durable, beautiful, makes my 13 feet look smaller, what else to expect ? With an insole to improve cushioning it is perfect.
B00AONW9JS get one size larger Its a good fit, but tighter at the end. Very smooth, and beautiful. Slips on ice easily. elegant. .. .
B00AONW9JS comfortable driving shoes The sneakers fit perfectly and are very comfortable, giving a close to bare foot level of control, whilst driving. Thinner sole than the earlier model, so far more responsive. They allow for perfect road feel.
B00AONW9JS Two Stars They are smaller than I thought it would be
B00AONW9JS Great looking could you please send me info on this style of shoes in 12 Med. .I will pay you...Where should I look...
B00AONW9JS A good Shoe PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker is exactly what I needed to fix my feet. These sneakers are a very good value for the money.
B00AONW9JS awesome shoes! Looks nice, fits really well, and light! Love it! It looks good on me the second i held it in my hands.
B00AONW9JS no good i order 10.5 , came 10.5 but doesn t fit.. is like a 9, but is writen 10.5, i had to give them away to a friend just because of that...
B00AONW9JS Perfect for indoor soccer It's only Pumas for me! They fit like a glove which is perfect for indoor soccer. I have to order 1/2 size larger than my usual. My feet are wide, so the laces are maxed out, but they're the best.
B00AONW9JS 12 is not 12 There are several posts on this item saying that its numbers doesn't correspond to reality, it is always smaller. Why dont you suggest to buy a bigger number?
B00AONW9JS Great! My favorite Pumas yet.I always buy white pumas with a black stripe.  These particular Pumas have a very sleek and fashionable look.  The synthetic leather is easy to clean and stays crisp pearly white.  Comfort is average but I don't buy them for superior comfort, I buy them for the versatility.  You can wear these anywhere because while they may be technically athletic they are very fashionable and look sharp when they're clean.  If you are an adult that cares about how they look then you probably wear pants that fit you right.  These shoes will look great with pants that fit well.  Baggy pants will not work for this product and they actually probably won't work for your lifestyle either.  This isn't 1995. :)My only knock is the fact that there is no extra 'rubber' on the underneath/front of the toe and that part gets a little best up.  But I definitely recommend this product.Sign up for Amazon Shoes, Clothes and Watches e-mail notifications and you will get a coupon for 20% off.You're welcome!
B00AONW9JS Look great, feel great. I ordered half size up based on a previous review, and that is what I would also recommend.  Snug around the ball of your food (width wise), but I imagine they will break in very nicely.  The puma stripe has a very slightly raised checker pattern which I'm sure will be a pain to clean, but I love everything else about these shoes.  Very lightweight and flexible.  I'm very happy with the purchase.
B00AONW9JS Small and form-fitting Like everyone else has already written, make sure you order at least a 1/2 to a full size up from what you usually wear. I normally wear a 7.5, and need an 8.5 for them to be comfortable with cotton socks. They are very form fitting, like spandex for your feet.
B00AONW9JS Wider is better I wear a 10.5. Ordered an 11 as suggested. Fits ok length wise but they need wides. 11 wide would fit perfect. I work in an OR. Not the most comfortable shoes to stand around in. But they'll work
B00AONW9JS My favorite pumas I get compliments on these all the time.  They are sleek and well fitting and best of all, easy to clean.  I wear these to my weekend bar job and they are perfect.
B00AONW9JS Five Stars Very Good
B00AONW9JS Love it Amazing. Buyers please buy this.
B00AONW9JS Five Stars Perfect
B00AONW9JS Look good. But there is no sole to speak of ... Look good. But there is no sole to speak of so my pants leg ride lower to the floor. But they look good.
B00AONW9JS Super cool! I love them!  For one, they look super cool.  They arrived pretty fast as well.  I am very saticfied with the fit.  Thank you.
B00AONW9JS Not the Puma that I know Imitation, made in China or Vietnam! Buy at least one size bigger! Don't aspect 'Puma' quality! I'ved returned mine!Thank you!
B00AONW9JS This puma are beautiful but.... the puma PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker,Black/White are beautiful the only problem i have is that they get me narrow, but i hope they loose a little while i using it
B00AONW9JS Five Stars I don't have word is like expected
B00AONW9JS Break in period but perfect after! They are a good solid shoe however they will need to be worn for a couple weeks to break them in if you have wider feet. Just get your normal size and they'll loosen up :)
B00AONW9JS Excellent!!! This is another great sneakers from Puma.Love it so much. Very light and stylish.Recommended to everyone who wants to feel  comfortable.
B00AONW9JS buy it Its great, look great, and the price was perfect i dont have any other words to describe this and all&iacute; people said the same
B00AONWIC6 excellent sneakers+++ Very very well done thing! to all I recommend! got in the size of 100%, beautifully and conveniently. Puma is my choice now.
B00AONWIC6 Not confortable, too tight and small. Too hot They are not nearly as comfortable as my last five pairs for &#34;PUMA GRIT CAT III P&#34; which are now out of production.Usually I wear 9.5 puma shoes, with this model I think I have to go with 10 but they also are too loose.They are hot as hell!I am gonna miss the so great PUMA GRIT CAT III P
B00AONWIC6 snug and tight like a driver shoe SHOULD be! I have a Factory Five Cobra replica and pedals are very close in that I actually had been driving with one shoe OFF for fear of hitting the gas while braking (NOT a good idea with 450 HP in a VERY light street rod)....but these solved the problem perfectly. I wear a 9.5 in everything except sandals which I prefer a 10, and so thought I was taking a small risk of having to return them but the 9.5 is absolutely right on. Been wearing them around the house to break in a bit, and will be taking a cruise later today but already know that the choice was a good one.
B00AONWIC6 fits small and not comfy I haven't broken them in because I plan on returning them, but they are not nearly as comfortable as my last pumas. They do look cool though.
B00AONWP6U Very sleek. Very light weight with a thin sole. Not for everyday play. They are more orange than yellow which like more. I will only wear these once in a while and for $30 they are okay. Get AT LEAST a half size bigger.
B00AONWP6U Buying More Lighter than butterfly wings.  Cling to my skin like a desperate lover.  If you like Pumas, you won't do much better than these, especially not at these prices.  I build my outfits from the shoes up, and these are gonna have me looking for greys and oranges for some time to come.
B00AONWP6U Pumas rock Beautiful color and so lightweight, always appreciate buying and purchasing pumas, they are always stylish and easy on the pockets.
B00AONWP6U Cool cats on my feet For the price I can't pass these up. I'm no runner but that's what these babies are for. I like them because they look cool. And there cheaper than dirt.
B00AOOH730 Excellent Puma Sneakers My boyfriend love his new puma sneakers. Good price!!! Very nice. I will buy again. Fit nice, Excellent Birthday gift.
B00AOOH730 great male of female sneakers Great sneaker for male of female.  They are comfy and go with any color of clothing.  I highly recommend these sneakers
B00AOOH730 Five Stars Excellent fit comfortable
B00AOOH730 yes! really nice shoes I use them every day! :D
B00AOOH730 Great Sneaker I like the understated style and comfort of this sneaker.  It's a wonderful walking shoe that doesn't look clunky. Since it is all black it works well with my entire sportswear wardrobe.
B00AOOH730 Buy them Great no different than in the stores great price you can beat i would buy again with no problem great
B00AOOH730 Good looking My previous Pumas are not well arch supported, as these are not either.  OTC inserts solve the problem. I'm  in blue suede shoes!
B00AOOH730 Can't beat classic Puma Suede sneakers These are a nice option for casual wear. They fit well and have a classic look. And, they are suede too!
B00AOOH730 Five Stars I love Puma suede, really comfortable considering I have wide feet.
B00AOOH730 Now thats what I'm talkin bout ! I was looking for a plain Black Sneaker that didn't look like a space ship and I have found them. .Some of the other Sneaks look as if they were designed by an aeronautical engineer turned cup cake manufacturer. Not these, they are Black On Black on Black soles. COOL
B00AOOH730 Nice Nice, I would have given 5 star, but I was hoping they would have been a little closer to black, still cool though.
B00AOOH730 Great shoe and packaging. I used to wear my old boyfriend's pumas. Came across a picture of me and realized I loved the shoes. Sad when you think I wore the same size as my boyfriend. He was tiny or I'm a genetic freakshow. But more comforting than him puking in my bedroom. (He called it a &#34;present&#34;)
B00AOOH730 oOd school feel  New school colors Perfect fit and more comfortable then I remember..
B00AOOH730 love it love these shoes. i love suede. these look very unique and they are comfortable. i wear them with shorts or pants.
B00AOOH730 not comfortable I have a had time finding comfortable shoes. I used to buy Pumas all the time. They have changed the style. Instead of the inside area around the heel being a soft material these have a hard rubber lining, which rubbed against my heel and ankle. I sent them back.
B00AOOH730 Cant go wrong with PUMA Suede Classic I always liked PUMA and these new Suede classi c will fit in my PUMA collection.  they never disappoint guarantee.
B00AOOH730 Two Stars Shoes are very wide for a medium width.
B00AOOH730 Very confortable ;) It's also beautiful and confortable. I was looking for a &#34;low profile&#34; and all black/all gray sneacker and it fits perfect on my needs. It's also very well engineered with good care on details. Very good materials and beatiful. Very nice shoes!
B00AOOH730 Very bad I would not advise purchaseToo heavySize is incorrectI can not run through himI regretted to buy it and I'm thinking about him back
B00AOOH730 One Star Not black, they look grey
B00AOOH730 Five Stars Super sneakers
B00AOOH730 Puma Suede Classic These feel great. Like the look, too. I wear them to work where I sit around a lot, and when I'm out and about.
B00AOOHS98 Five Stars Great shoes
B00AOOK2OG Perfect fit.. Excellent product as describe, confort, soft. Size fits perfect, i'll use them as casual shoe or indoor soccer. Quality brand.
B00AOOK2OG Great! I bought these shoes for my partner and I are really cute! They arrived in good condition, on the date indicated and with its original box. They seem to be comfortable! I hope you like, thanks!
B00AOOK2OG Love my puma I love this puma. It fits perfect, exactly what I was expecting. I feel very comfortable in them. Very nice.
B00AOOK2OG excelent it's amazing. i like puma sneakers. i want puma sneakers 21sm.if you have please invite me about it.thank you my dear freind
B00AOOK2OG really nice! These shoes are really nice and comfortable!They do run small I usually wear a 10 and had to exchange them for a 10-1/2 but I could have probably wore the 11 just fine.Love them. you cant beat the price.
B00AOOK2OG Fits well and looks smart Its exactly what I had hoped for, its just so good and fits well. I needed something smart for casual outings and this is it
B00AOOL1SC So nice!!! Mint! I've tried them on and they fit perfect, honestly they're so nice I haven't even worn them yet because I dnt wanna get them dirty.
B00AOOL1SC One Star Terribly oversized!
B00AOOL1SC Five Stars Muy bueno.
B00AOOL1SC Five Stars Love it!
B00AOOL1SC Five Stars Nice shoes
B00AOOL1SC OLD SCHOOL REVIEW!!! I am what's known as &#34;grown & sexy&#34;! I harken back to a kool & funky time known as the &#34;the 70's&#34;! These sneakers bring me back to that much simpler time! They're very comfortable & easy to wear. I absolutely love 'em!
B00AOOLDO4 All in one! These sneakers are not only fashion but comfortable too! My husband was able to wear them with short pants and jeans and they look cool ;)
B00AOOY2G0 Aweasome Really nice they fit like heaven on your feets, of course the material on the front gets kinda dirty afther a while but that's perfectly normal with that kind of material..
B00AOOY2G0 Love them The shoes are well build and the look even better than in the pic. Even loved the packaging. highly recommended.
B00AOOYT22 Looks Great, came with a scratch The shoe looks great, feels comfy and since I'm super flat footed I got the &#34;S&#34; for extra support. It feels exactly as advertised. My feet are snug and supported. My only feedback is that this one had a scratch on the front reflector part. I'm too lazy to return it just for that especially since I'll be wearing these shoes to the ground but I felt I needed to give that feedback because brand new should feel brand new.
B00AOOZ1OC Lighter than air These are like having nothing on your feet!  The color is striking and literally glow in the dark.  For sure you will be seen by others as they are hit by any light at all.  The only thing I don't like is that the tongue is also made of very thin material and is hard to keep from folding as you put the shoe on.  It would have been better if the tongue were attached on one side and you only had the other to worry about - maybe a little super glue and the problem is solved.
B00AOOZ1OC So very light and comfortable!!! Feel likes air on your feet. So light and comfortable. The only thing is that it is a ever so slightly lighter orange than expected. Otherwise, awesome shoe!
B00AOOZP3Y College Student Reviews Hey guys! Back with another review! I got these on sale for 20$ at the time and I love it! It fits perfectly and I get people compliment me on how nice they are. Very good material. I would recommend getting the shoe cleaning kit from PUMA to keep the bottom lip of the shoes clean in case you scratch them. Any questions? Ask away!
B00AOQ21IY Perfect It was exactly what I ordered, it fit perfectly, and it was cheap. Im really glad I got this boots
B00AOQ21IY Fits Like Nike Vapors These are great boots, fits for me just like the Vapors by Nike, 1/2sz down.  I.e: Regularly wear sz 12, I went with 11.5, fits perfect.Stud formations are great for natural grass, have yet to test on artificial grass.  Super light, good touch on the ball.  Definitely needs a good break-in with the heal out-sole but that's expected with high-end boots.Couldn't be happier.  Would recommend.
B00AOQ21IY It's So Good, It's Evo The evolution of Puma soccer cleats continue....Sometimes it's for the better, sometimes it misses.What they got right:Super sleek - the surface areas are free of patches, stitches, etc.- distractions - that keeps you away from FEELING the ball. It's simple and effective.Super LIGHT - this is what always sets PUMA above from the rest. They know how to make light quality soccer shoes.Stylish - I got the bright lime green version - it really stands out, and in a good way. The dimples on the front outer sole also adds a touch of style to go with the functionality.Grip - although these circular cleats don't give as much grip as the 1.06-1.09 versions, they do grip better than the 1.10/1.11 versions, which for some reason reversed the angles of the cleats and made no sense.What they need to work on:Material - call me old fastioned, but real leather still trumps every synthetic material that we have going today. There is nothing like the fit, feel, and comfort of the real thing. This material, although is an improvement over the 1.10 and 1.11 iterations, is still needs getting used to. And unlike real leather, it doesn't stretch out to fit your feet. If it doesn't fit you, then it never will.Overall, for the price I got them for at the time($115), they are a great value, and highly recommended!
B00AOQ4ZI8 Okay There a little snug, but not too small. I expected them to be somewhat snug because I have wider feet. I haven't played in them yet, but they are very cute and look well made.
B00AOQ75LM good Excellent purchase and the product I come in ideal conditions, bad only one was that pedi the wrong height, but there is no problem
B00AOQ75LM Five Stars Good shoes
B00AORB3DW Nice all around Boots fit as advertised.  They seem like good quality boots, especially for the cost.  The seller's service was quick and as advertised.
B00AORB3DW puma cleats It is quite light and fits very comfortable..i would definitely advise any soccer player to buy these....they would like it...
B00AORB3DW Good Light Cleats They are pretty well made. Good fit around the ankle even with chin guards and soccer socks. Helped my game (or at lease I think so) material is a little plastic feeling. guess I will find out with time how they hold up
B00AORB3DW Shaped For Feet With Long Big Toes As my second toe is longer than my big toe, these cleats don't.  They're fitted for feet with long big toes.  I wear a size 9 and even in a 9.5 my outside toes were squished and there was a cm of space in front of my big toes.  Had to return.
B00AORB3DW Amazing boot I love it fits really good. No doubt it's one of the best football boots out there it's very light, it's like I'm not wearing anything glad I got them
B00AORB3DW my new favorite cleat Fits perfectly. Is very light weight and stylish. Also very light so you can fly around the field. Love my new cleats.
B00AORB3DW Light cheaper so good So light , it's like you play without shoes  and for the price excellent choice, better than I expect. Love it
B00AORB3DW Thanks It was a little too small but i'm keeping them, and i thank you guys for everything, hope to shop with you
B00AORB3DW Light, but slightly small... Super light, look awesome, bought 2 sizes up on the Euro scale (44 instead of my normal 42 and fit perfect)
B00AORB3DW Love these cleats! These are some of the lightest cleats I've ever worn. Very comfortable. So far, love these things. Will update if they start to break down unreasonably quickly.
B00AORB3DW Excellent Very comfortable !!!! I'm really happy with these cleats. They are really light and I would recommend these puma soccer cleats
B00AORB3DW Good For Kickball Got these for a bar kickball league. Granted, not the most punishing sport one could put a pair of cleats through, but hey don't judge. They definitely do the job, no more falling on my butt in wet grass. Slightly narrow though, but the next larger size would be too long. Hopefully they stretch.
B00AORB3DW Five Stars My son love this shoes.
B00AORB3DW Lightweight and comfortable!  Consider purchasing a half-size up. Played my first hurling match in these today.  Ground was firm, but just too soft for my Mundial Team turf shoes.  This boot is lightweight and comfortable right out of the box.  Spikes dig in well, and I never lost my footing the entire match.You should consider going up a half-size in this boot.  I normally wear a 10.5 or 11 at the largest.  I originally purchased an 11 since I would be wearing two pairs of socks.  However, I had to return those for an 11.5.  The 11.5 fits perfectly!Overall, a nice lightweight and comfortable boot that is a great value at this price.  Since these are new, I wonder about the durability.  But for this price, if I can get through the season, I will consider the purchase a success!
B00AORB3DW Perfect Flashy yet inexpensive. Great cleats at a great price. Picked these up for my local kickball league. Cleats fit true to size and look pretty sweet. For the $30 price they can't be beat!
B00AORBTZY Best shoes evarrrrrr Fits. Color is awesome. Perfect for indoor soccer or what get sport you play. Very light weight and durable. Thanks PUMA
B00AORBTZY Great, but not amazing The only problem I have with these is that they have bad ankle support and that I had to mess with the tounge of the shoe to make them comfortable, but other than that they were perfect.
B00AORE26C Excellent choice my friend I love themFit perfectI'm a 12 in Nike and a 12 in theseVery comfy and great grip
B00AOREMJ4 Puma i usually play football with my friends. this is a good items. I love it so i purchased. Puma Evo
B00AORFP3Q Four Stars great
B00AORGLAC not the best for indoor soccer though little fit well, not the best for indoor soccer though little support
B00AQ1HX1C this T-shirt is comfortable! Antony&#8217;s speech disagrees with brute&#8217;s speech. All of citizens believe that Brutus is an honorable and perfect person in Rome. Therefore, Brutus&#8217; speech easily convinced individuals. However, Antony wants to make people do not believe brutes&#8217; speech by many facts such as crying, Caesar&#8217;s goal. He wants to say that Caesar is a real man and nice king instead of rough man. Finally, people who believe brute begin to change their mind. In addition, they begin to doubt Brutus.
B00AQCFD4K Great look and fit but not thick enough My son really likes the look and it fits perfect for a mid sized 7 1/2 year old, but the material is not too thick and doesn't offer much warmth. We are not going to return it but will need another thicker jacket for spring and fall.
B00AQODE9E Quality, Comfort, Awesome Cat These socks are one of my absolute favorites.  I ask for socks every Christmas and these are definitely in my top 5 sock list.  You can't go wrong with the Puma Low Cut White Socks for Men.  Sock on!
B00AQODE9E Love Love these socks, always have. Bought originally from costco and found them again on here! I steal the from my husband ;)
B00AQODE9E Good Buy Super comfy, durable, keeps the sweat low. What more could you want from a sock? I have previous pairs and they have lasted for 2 years and still goin.
B00AQODE9E good quality socks I like these socks.... but after buying them I was in Marshalls and saw similar items much cheaper, so next time I'll go there.
B00AQODE9E 5 stars thick quality socks These socks are great ! Nice soft fabric, not the cheap thin cotton.Will definitely order more.  Nice price for 6 pairs
B00AQODE9E Best socks ever! My husband has arthritis and his feet often hurt. He says these are the best socks he has ever worn.  We  will buy them again.
B00AQODE9E Puma Low Cut White Socks for Men They are very very very comfortable, they look very nice. The price is just right. Just buy you will love it...
B00AQODE9E Puma Socks They are very comfortable, my feet can breath. After a hard days work I take my shoes off and there's no foot smell, that's a plus.
B00AQODE9E Best athletic socks ever I will re-order these every time I wear out the others.  Perfect fit & cushion for running, working out, etc.
B00AQODE9E Hot It says "cotton" in the description, but they are mostly polyester.  They are amazingly hot for a low-top sock.  I will give them another chance in the winter, when hot might be a good thing, and may very well throw them all away.
B00AQODE9E Incredibly cool! These are probably the best athletic socks I have ever owned.  They have mesh uppers and are very, very cool and help to keep feet dry.  I am very satisfied with the quality and the price and will probably order them again.
B00AQODE9E Socks are HUGE. Bought them for my son who ... Socks are HUGE. Bought them for my son who wears a size 7 and they hang off the toe and barely fit my son who wears a 10.  My husband is using them.  He wears an 11.5
B00AQODE9E GRRRREAT! They are the most comfortable low cut socks I've ever had.  I am a woman with shoe size 8.5.  They are cushioned perfectly for my feet.
B00AQODE9E comfortable + ugly = fail Though these socks are comfortable, I think I will have to return them because of how horribly they look on the feet.  I'm not looking for a white sock to be a fashion statement, but these are just plain over the top.  I'd rate it &#34;comfortable, but ugly&#34;.  Really on the fence of giving it 1 or 2 stars.  Tempted to give it 2 stars because they do fit well.  But if the total picture makes them worthless, I don't really see it being worth more than a 1.
B00ASRGZEK Great socks! My son loves his new socks.  He says they are &#34;cushy&#34; and very comfortable. He also likes the style of the coloring.
B00ASRJFA6 Extended Socks - what's not to love? My big feet really like these socks. Being dyed dark means I don't have to sweep or mop as often.
B00ASRJFA6 puma socks I ordered these black-grey socks and you sent me solid black.  I HATE solid black socks so I am just stuck with them and they were expensive, never again will I order anything here!
B00AV5J48S Really good Hoodie I bought this for my son this summer, July it is now late October and it is his go to hoodie. The fabric is fantastic and is that just right weight that makes for a perfect all around Jacket/Hoodie. Worth every dime when your kid wears and cares for it. Has enough style that he can wear to church on a chilly Sunday or to his soccer games.
B00AV6POKY Perfect Would buy my baby when I was one year now 2 years and still has left. It is super comfortable and cool for summer days. That's perfect.
B00AWMVT2E Awesome Outfit This outfit was great, it's cute, the colors are vivid and it fits nice and trim like adult athletic gear.  It's a great warm weather outfit for a toddler.
B00AWXMKOE PUMA Men's Windbreaker, Zinnia/Black, Large No cons.Pros:  Large size. Ample body for vest. Ample body/sleeves for fleece hoodie. (Sleeves more form fit than body.Enough for fleece.) Sleeves long enough for 35-36&#34; sleeve length . Waist plenty long for wind block. Have not used hood. Have not been in wind. However, with fleece hoodie warm enough in 30 degree morning. At daylight. Last the pockets are only hand warmers. NO fasterner (no velcro, no snap). So potentially drop anything in pockets. Highly recommend.
B00AWXMKOE Amazing Jacket Puma This is my very first purchase of a puma product and I am very impressed with the quality of the fabric and durability. I am a cross-country, Track, and soccer player and need a great breaker to wear as another layer at all my practices. When the winter blast came through, I was unprepared besides wearing my snowboarding jacket(super heavy) practice. You should wear another layer with this if its cold. The hoods a little small, but it is so that it can be easily pulled down by the draw string to keep the head dry and cool. It works
B00AWXMN6O Good quality and price! I worry about the quality of cotton because sometime it was marked &#34;cotton&#34; but end up not 100% cotton or fine cotton. This one was made of fine cotton and felt very comfortable. Besides that, the price is so good too.
B00AWXSA4I great hoodie This hoodie was a Christmas gift for my son.  I got him a large and it fits perfectly.  The hoodie may run the little on the small side, but he loves it.
B00AWY5TQ4 puma pants The ordered was a medium size,but the inseam length more than 34&#34;now i have to fold the bottom. the garment you wear should be perfectly fit.
B00AWY5TQ4 Puma pant The pant did not fit the way I wanted.my waist is 32inches,and this more than 34.the length also was not  to my inseam length.it is 34 inches where my inseam measurement is 32 in he's.Arif SIDDIQUI
B00AWY5TQ4 . very good material, pleasant to the touch, great feathers like this, sizes is a little overstated,Delivery was on time I'm happy
B00AWY5TQ4 Well made These are great fitting warm-ups.  I am a 34x 33 pant wearer and these fit longer than most warm-ups and were perfect. The other reviews on this product were spot on.
B00AWYQ78I so so It is a good product, but when I received was not what I expected: a lot up in the part of the waist, the size is correct one, but is a little uncomfortable, a bag is made in the part of the belly.
B00AWYUO46 Great jacket Great jacket, now I feel even more rich, great quality as well and overall just a great jacket! If you plan on it wearing it a lot get the next size above if there is one.
B00AWYUO46 Worth On Time Like Always But If Only They Had More Colors In This Jacket & It was well worth the price
B00AWYUWR0 Excellent jkt Excellent manufacturing without any detail.  Very strong, good zipper, color and size according to ad description.  I recommend this product widely
B00AWYUWR0 Four Stars Nice
B00AWZLPKM a little larger than expected It is gret, my boyfriend loved it! good condition, fast delivery.One complain - it was a little dirty so before I gave it as a gift, I had to hand wash parts of it!! :( why do you send out dirty products? Thank GOd it washed off nice. other than that, I ordered Xl since my bf is a bigger man. I could have ordered jus large, but my bf loves it anyways and wears it on top of long sleeve shirts. He looks so sexy in it! great material!Thanks
B00AWZMH8Q Absolutely awsome I can truly say that this jacket is absolutely UNIQUE. It's a head turner, people stares to the point I feel embarass(but happy) for buying this jacket. Any other colors? Logos are beautifully done.
B00AY6107M pimp daddy by far the most comfortable puma that i have purchased.  i love everything about this shoe.  the colors pop and they attract attention.  the ladies love them.
B00AY65V1I not worthy the price considering for sports use only , not so good. I have not tried it on trail yet but will do.
B00AY6NZDE Indeed very sexy look for my boyfriend Not only do they fit my boyfriend perfectly, but he looks sexy in them!!! He loves them an so do I!
B00AY6NZDE awesome shoes had these for months now and am just writing this review.these are comfortable and durable.its a basic shoe and design, but thats what makes it cool in my opinion.received compliments from several people.minimal wear on the soles for months of usage.they've been on rain puddles more than once, and the material holds up like nothing happened.good stuff.
B00AY6NZDE Fits very well and is very comfortable. Magnifique!!! Fits very well and is very comfortable.
B00AY6NZDE Slightly large and not super comfortable I go between a 10.5 and 11 depending on the brand of shoe and have found that Pumas usually fit well as a 10.5.  These however are still slightly big on me at 10.5.  In addition, the material that they are made out of is not very flexible so makes them somewhat uncomfortable. For the price the shoes are fine, I'll still wear them, just not as well made as other Pumas that I have owned in the past.
B00AYBQL4Y 5 stars Outfit get 5 stars from me. Soft and comfy and the top is long enough for my 4 year old granddaughter who is on the tall side. Very cute in the green and blue colors. Love it.
B00AYBQL4Y Cute This outfit is very cute .... my daughter calls them &#34;girl power&#34; outfits... it is all she wants to wear. They do run a little small so may want to order a bigger than usual size.  Since they are leggings the length is not a problem. Great price.
B00AYBQL4Y Cute Outfit Outfit was bought for a co-worker's daughter. She said it was a really cute outfit and fit her daughter well, she loved it.
B00AYBQL4Y Puma Lovely outfit, it looked absolutely beautiful on my daughter and she absolutely loved it. Well made, and fitted perfectly. Love it.
B00AYBQL4Y Great set My girl love it. i would give 5 star in all categories , but would recommend imporve quality of pants, after wearing it sometime on pants in someplaces pink heart got black marks.
B00AYBQOGO Love this outfit! I am just in love with this Puma outfit!! The colors are exactly as expected and even cuter in person! My favorite part of this outfit is the sleeve detail with the bows, LOVE it! And for the price of it, you can't go wrong!
B00AZEAI2G Perfect workout tank Love this workout tank - it is definitely forgiving but not super loose. A perfect workout tank!  Does not show sweat! Love the color.
B00AZFC3JG great socks very comfortable, durable, and wick sweat well.  Just high enough to cover the ankles of my sneakers, but still look stylish.  Not quite as high as other quarter socks.
B00AZFC3L4 Puma is King My husband will only wear Puma socks. They fit so nice and feel so good he says. They don't slide down at all.
B00AZFC3L4 Perfect! This is a genuine Puma product. Fits true to size and it looks great when worn with my Puma sneakers. Highly recommended!
B00AZFC4KY Puma microfibre socks Extremely comfortable.Perfect for golf.Material gives a great feel. A remedy for tired golfing feet.Highly recommend to any sports men and women.
B00B03F8V2 Very good quality I have previously owned some of these socks and i really loved the way they dont ride down my leg as i go through out the day.  I have seen some reviews of the socks being too tight on the leg but i think it just depends on the person i for one find them very comfortable and so far durable.
B00B03F8V2 HARD TO FIND Husband loves!! However, have had to wash each batch ordered numerous times before wearingbecause they come smelling of gasoline!
B00B03F8V2 these socks are very comfortable. they feel thick and heavy but do not ... these socks are very comfortable. they feel thick and heavy but do not make your feet sweat or hot and have great cushion
B00B03F8V2 Socks are perfect Ordered these for both my husband and sons, they all love them.  They are a bit hard to find so very happy that amazon carries them.  We will be ordering them again!!
B00B03F8V2 Wish they were all black, still the only socks I buy. Best socks ever made. They haven't faded after multiple washes. They fit and feel super great. Slightly thicker than dress socks but thinner and better quality than your walmart stocked socks. Threw away all my other socks and stocked up on these bad boys. Perfect for the gym and everyday use.
B00B03F8V2 Great socks! They slide right on my feet and feel very comfortable all day.  I'll buy more Puma socks when I need them.
B00B03F8V2 Great support and feet don't feel tired after standing all day. Great elastic in all the right places keeps feet feeling supported all day. Great for someone who has to be on their feet all day.
B00B03F8V2 Sturdy, comfortable socks for sport I bought these socks for my son who plays sports 4 days out of the week.  He also wears similar socks in school.  After three or four washings, they have held up well.  The fabric is mostly cotton with a little spandex for stretch.  The heels are padded and are thick; this is the area that always wears through for him.  The elastic is good quality, and stays up on the shins.  The socks fit well in his shoes.  They are very comfortable for sport. A good value.
B00B03F8V2 Puma Crew sock Maybe the best crew sock available.  Very difficult to find for some reason.  Lots of elastic in the sock to keep their shape and maintain their place on the leg.
B00B03GKAA They Shrink so much, it's absurd. Warning, these socks shrink so much after the first washing (several sizes down!) that my husband and son and not even I can wear them.I think they expect you to hand wash them and line dry them ... not practical, for socks.
B00B03PIFS Nice! The size is a little tight for an extended sock, but these socks have lasted longer than any I have bought before.
B00B03PIFS Feet of Magic My guy at a size 13 shoe thought that feet were doomed to be uncomfortable. I don't believe in suffering.i knew we could get a light weight wick-away cushioned sock that would be good for him. He loves them. He can't believe they existed or could make such a difference.I now have a happy guy with unblistered cooler feet.
B00B0D68WA great work shoes these shoes are the most comfortable work shoe I have ever owned, they are light weight ,cool and look great
B00B0D79MI Less comfortable than what I expected. My cheap steel toe shoes were more comfortable, and when crouching repeatedly, the steel rubs against the tops of my foot/toes.
B00B0D79MI Great great work shoes These are amazing shoes in looks and comfort and I'd buy them again any day of the week hands down.
B00B0D79MI Never had to wait longer for any product Waited over a month for the product. when I received the shoes they are were over sized  by at least one full size. i will never order anything from bear bones work wear again......
B00B0E6RIE Love them. I love these steel toe shoes. They are even still comfy after a long night at work on my feet. I found out from a friend the puma made safety shoes and decided to give them a try. Wonderful. The delivery was fast  also.
B00B14A5EU its cute but not fitting that well The pants color is super cute with the puma down the side.  However if you like your workout pants to have a higher waist or if you have a belly or any curves (big booty) these would not be a good pant. They are for a less curvy women and they are low waisted.
B00B14A5EU Nice Pants but... The waist is to big and the thigh & butt area is too tight.  Its not really made for curvy girls with a butt and a skinny waist.  I bought a medium.  Probably should have bought a small, but then I dont think the butt and thight area would have fit.
B00B14A5EU Not stretchy like you think it would be... I thought these would be similar to leggings, but they are not stretchy enough.  Order them big if you're getting them at all.  They barely stretch!  I also thought they Blackberry Cordial was black with purple lettering, but they're purple with light purple lettering...
B00B1E4QSQ puma I like the fitness shoes. The sizing is perfect. Can't wait till spring so when I walk I will be able to see the comfort in them.
B00B1E4QSQ light and stylish.. for using it in gym.My wife is happy with this item.But,,,you'd better wear it indoor or without winter..
B00B1E4QSQ width too small Shoe look fine. Would have been better if provided with width option while selecting the product. Make sure you check all options before ordering.
B00B1E4QSQ Perfect I needed some shoes to work out in that were comfortable and not too chunky and these fit the bill. The colors are cute as well.
B00B1E4QSQ love this puma sneaker Love the color of these sneakers.  Very up to date looking.  Feels very light on the feet and fits perfectly.  Received quickly and packaged well.  Would recommend this sneaker for weekend fun.
B00B1E4QSQ Five Stars Love them
B00B1E4QSQ cute but not for function These are cute, but I should have gotten a size up. They're a little on the narrow side for me. They're lightweight,  but it makes them feel cheap and There is less cushioning for the feet than I thought. Still cute, so I'll keep them.
B00B1E5NU6 Five Stars Fashion !
B00B1E5NU6 LOVE THEM!!! My son purchased these and absolutely loves them! He is saving for more pairs. We live in rural Texas and he likes to be unique!
B00B1E5NU6 Perfect my nephew is in love with the shoes their perfect his happy and his say their are comfy to wear
B00B1E5NU6 Change please it's to small .. 12 it's to late for me I 'm supposed to choose 12... Tell me if I can change please
B00B1E5NU6 Loved them I heart PUMA.  Their shoes are super comfortable.  I love high-tops.  PUMA has never done me wrong.  Thank you for a great purchase.
B00B1E5NU6 Awesome Fit great looks great they where everything I wanted them to be and then some. Great price and great product.
B00B1E5NU6 awesome kicks Awesome fit.. and they look super cool... this kicks goes well with any skinny jeans or vans pants. I am glad I picked em my self for Xmast.
B00B1E5NU6 Stellar So Far I'm a high-top addict, so when I spotted these on Amazon, I flipped out. Good-looking shoes like these are hard to find (and Pumas, more so); got them a half-size bigger due to prior experience, and that's worked out fine (they're plenty roomy in the toe). What amazed me when I got them was how LIGHT they are! You lace 'em up, and it's almost like being barefoot. They could stand a little more arch support, but that's a minor quibble. You'll get nothing but stares and compliments after purchasing these. I may have to snag a couple more (styles and colors don't last long in the shoe world!). I assume they'll hold up fine, as previous Pumas have been rather hardy.
B00B1PCW40 Boy likes them a lot My son usually prefers cotton shorts only not this type but he liked this pair of shorts a lot. He wears XL and the sizing is OK.
B00B4NLKMY Puma My son is a huge Puma guy so when he had a son I had to buy his lil man some Puma gear like daddy! Great product washed several times already and still looks new. I would recommend to everyone!Excellent product
B00B4S2QUE fav's i wasn't sure about this sneak but the price was right...when i received it i was like OMG, i couldn't wait to wear them so i put them on and they were soooooo comfortable i wish there were other colors so kute....
B00B4S2QUE CUTE This is so cute one. I really enjoy wearing them.They are very light as well. :) It fits perfectly!
B00B4S2QUE Stylin and Smilin These shoes art totally comfortable and smart! Love them and I also love that the tongue it attached to the insole. Awsome!
B00B4S2QUE Just what my mom wanted My mom wanted some shoes to use around the house, so I decided that I would buy something comfortable for her. She loves these shoes and her only complaint is that the laces just seem to untie every once in a while. This problem could be fixed by just double knotting. Good product.
B00B4S2QUE medium was not what I expected too big and not too weak I really liked the feel is what I think
B00B4S5TRG Fun Look Theses Pumas have a little pizzazz.  A little bit of flash without a lot of bling.  They feel and look great.
B00B4S5TRG comfy and stylish! Thanks Puma, this is an easy lightweight, comfortable shoe, that has a great finish to it... I will wear it well !
B00B4S5TRG PUMA Bought these for my daughter, she likes them. Says they fit nice, and I like them because they look nice too.
B00B4YAC54 Nice cleats! Our 8 yr old son loves his cleats. Very well priced. Comfortable fit. We would recommend these to if you're looking.
B00B4ZZWJE A very good indoor soccer shoe They fit as expected, my boy likes playing with them, he states he has a very good feel of the ball, that they feel very comfortable. Only bad thing is that they are not real leather, but that is a minor issue for us.
B00B4ZZWJE Good Deal I ordered one size larger based on the other reviews and they fit my son perfect. He loves the bright colors, and they work well for futsol.
B00B5013PK Super cute! These Pumas are adorable! My daughter loves them! They arrived quickly in perfect condition :) I wish I would have ordered 1/2 a size up.
B00B5013PK Cool Cleat! I purchased these as a gift for my 6 year old niece. This is her first season playing soccer and she immediately liked the &#34;cool&#34; look of the cleats. After a couple of practices/games she says they are very comfortable. She normally wears a size 13.5, but her mom suggested buying a half size up to a 1, because the soccer socks are made of a thicker material - Mom was right!
B00B5013PK Perfect shoe for my daughter. She loves the look and I love the make of the product.  So far seems quite sturdy and can withstand a good beating.  Great value for the money.
B00B5013PK Awesome shoes Would recommend but a little expensive for a shoe not sure worth the price. So good luck shopping for soccer cleats
B00B5013PK Perfect!! She loves`em. Im glad i took half size up. well made.aggressive cleats. stylish. she will be the star of the team...maybe not the best player though...thank you
B00B502OSA Love this My daughter loves her pumas. they are soo darling, SUCH a BEAUTIFUL color!! so vibrant and gorgeous! people ask all the time where we got them! love them! the purple and orange is soo pretty together! My daughter loves them!
B00B503HRW Five Stars My kid loves them
B00B503JTS Unique Shoes My daughter loves these shoes!  She is the hippest little soccer player out there!  I got them 1 whole size larger than she wears now.  They fit great with room to grow.  Would definitely buy again!
B00B503JTS Sporty look Great shoes and very cute! My Daughter loves them! I bought her a size larger than she wears because of how thick children's soccer socks are :)
B00B503JTS My new favorite! Love the colors and they are very comfortable. Just got them last week for kickball and played in them once so far. Loving them! Only wish they made them with the design on the bottom like the Powercat 1...
B00B504NFC good shoes my daughter loves these shoes.  she got so excited when we opened the box.  they look really sharp, but she says her toes are a little cramped.  the shoes are still well made and function well on an indoor futzal court
B00B504NFC Functional fashion My daughter needed new indoor soccer cleats and loved the idea of the reverse-color design. Luckily the Puma cleats delivered both the quality we'd expect from Puma and a stylish design.
B00B504NFC love bought for my daughter for indoor soccer.  for any soccer loving fashionista, these will be a hit!!!  cutest girl on the field!
B00B504NFC excellent product thanks for a wonderful shoe, my  daughter loves them very much, great value
B00B504NFC Super Cute My daughter loves these and we get a lot of people saying how cute they are. Love that one in white and one is black. Super cute. And Amazon was amazing in working with us to get a bigger size.
B00B504NFC Very nice shoes My daughter loves these shoes. They just as described and fit perfectly.  The only problem was the shipping with usps. They ended up being in our town for 3 days after ups handed them over to usps until they arrived.
B00B532Q26 Four Stars Excellent
B00B532Q26 Five Stars good deal..
B00B53B1OU We love the design We love the design, very pretty shoe but my daughter is in a 1 and a 2 wasn't big enough. I had to go a 2.5! They run very small. Not a huge deal, although annoying to send back via UPS.
B00B5ED00C Love these! I so loves these.  Super comfy and soft leather.  Great looking shoes!  I looked for these everywhere and finally found them.
B00B5EDEZI PUMA Women's Speeder M II Fashion Sneaker,Black/Beetroot/Hollyhock,11 B US The shoes fits as expected. I always buy Puma sneakers. They're really comfortable. I like it. And the purple is pretty.
B00B5EDEZI Beautiful colors & so comfortable! Brilliant colors! Fits amazingly. Originally bought them for jump rope, but colors & fit are fabulous I wear them all the time! Highly recommended. Would buy same model, different colors.
B00B5EDEZI rough but lovely A little bit rough and not so cosy for inside training. But very cute and lovely. Fits exactly. I use just for a short walk
B00B5EDEZI Best sneakers ever! Such a great deal, and these are super comfortable and sharp. I've worn them basically every day since I got them and they still look brand new. This is why I only wear Pumas.
B00B5GEZG8 Stylish and comfortable Couldn't get my son to stop wearing the shoe when he first got it. He even wanted to take them to bed. It fits well and he loves it.
B00B5GEZG8 My son loved them & he is 10 Very stylish. True to size & less expensive than similar styles. My son loved them & he is 10.
B00B5GEZG8 PUMA LC Special JR Sneaker The PUMA LC Special JR Sneaker is one of the coolest sneakers I've ever bought!!! I am a HI-TOP SNEAKER FANATIC and these are the best...I live outside Buffalo NY and never wear boots...just sneakers 24-7-365!!!
B00B5GEZG8 perfect Because every time I order something as far as shoes,  I always get them just the way I ordered. Nothing is never wrong when it comes to shoes
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes! Stylish and comfy, my kid loves them! The price was great too, overall an amazing deal!
B00B5HUIO0 Five Stars I LOVE IT
B00B5HUIO0 awesome shoes these are very cute shoes- solid constructioni made sure to spray these shoes with a water repellent before use so the suede does not mess up
B00B5HUIO0 Perfect for fashionable, active toddlers Love these shoes. Easy to slip on and off and they get noticed. My son wears these 6+ hours/day at his preschool and specifically requests to wear them. They're durable too. Although they are made of suede/leather uppers, I plan to just spot clean and brush off dirt when cleaning.
B00B5HUIO0 Really cute shoes, but size up! I loved the way these looked, but as my son wears about 9.5 in length in most shoes, I ordered an 11.5. My son has unusually fat feet and a lot of shoes just don't fit, which is why I like velcro. When we got these, I saw the velcro doesn't extend all the way across the strap (weird), there is an inch or two of &#34;blank space&#34;. So we had to put these on him without socks and really pull just to get the velcro to attach. There was a big open velcro gap space showing where we couldn't pull them tight enough. After a couple wearings they are starting stretch and look better, but I doubt he could ever wear socks them.So I give four stars for cuteness, but am taking one off for lack of good design. Widen the foot and extend the velcro, and it could be five stars.
B00B5HUIO0 Contact These shoes have been worn for two months (and not every day) however they have split away from the seem..What can we do.  I do not see any contact info to get in touch.  Please reply with an answer thanks
B00B5HUIO0 lots of people love them and I do too Comfy, lots of people love them and I do too. I love the color and they fit awesomely.
B00B5HUIO0 Great sneaks!! Awesome cute and comfortable!!!  Perfect for my toddler. I would def recommend these for your toddler age child. The Velcro is a huge plus.
B00B5HUIO0 yes! These shos rock. They look fab, and my kiddo loves them. All hail Puma. Velcro is my friend. Yes!! yes!!
B00B5HUIO0 Love theses pumas! Brought larger size for future wears for my 18th old son. He will have these during the summer which is great.
B00B5HUIO0 Loved these shoes! I've had a very hard time finding cool sneakers for my 5 year old child at a store, so I decided to take the risk and buy it online. I don't regret, these shoes fit him very well, seem very comfortable and and super classy, sporty but formal. I will not doubt order it again in the future in different colors and sizes. Great Shoes!
B00B5HUIO0 My 3 year old loves these He was so excited to get his real soccer shoes. I think he's playing better now, also. But that's probably just parent's pride.
B00B5HUIO0 great style, needs half sizes my daughter and i both loved this sneaker. Only problem is the sizing - she needs a 9.5, but they only came in 9 or 10. The 9 were too just and the 10 were way too big. these went back :(
B00B5HUIO0 Very sturdy and perfect for active toddlers I have been purchasing shoes every other month because my toddler is VERY active. These have lasted over a month and they still look as new. They are easy to clean and will last much longer than the other ones!
B00B5HUIO0 Love these classic Pumas! My son lives in these shoes. They are attractive and he seems to think they are comfortable. The only downside is the fact that he wears them out pretty quickly. I don't know if it is an issue with the sole of the shoes or he is just hard on them. Regardless, we'll be buying more in the future.
B00B5HUIO0 Retro I love the retro look and since my son always wears out the front, I love how the toe area is protected with that rubber that goes around the sneaker.
B00B5KOTYW Tooooo Cute and Durable My 4 year old loves her red shoes and Puma is the best for toddlers and young children.  Delivery is always on time with Amazon!!! I love them.
B00B5KZACC The cutest puma My kids really love this shoe...It's easy to put on by themselves and they are very easy to keep clean.
B00B5KZACC Very Happy Received them quick and they fit perfect! Very cute shoes. My daughter is in love with them and they match her coat lol
B00B5KZACC My Daughter Loves them! My daughter loves there. They are a little narrower than regular pumas. But very cute!Also they wash very well.
B00B5KZACC Ruby's shoes We bought these for our two YO granddaughter Ruby.  She loves them and they don't slip on a lick floor.
B00B5L0ANK cute and comfy My daughter loves her new Pumas.  She wears them with everything even dresses.  They fit her well and I really love the shade of pink they come in.
B00B5LHG82 light!!! she can do whatever she wants moving with these shoes..... very clean looking and can go with so many outfits.....
B00B5LHG82 so neat I like the fact that it fit perfectlly, its so neat and its so light yet my daughter can run without problem. it looks durable thoug she just use it once maybe for 2 hours long.
B00B5LHG82 Favorite shoes! My daughter has 3 pairs of shoes and she seems to be able to walk around in these the easiest. She always pulls the straps undone in the carseat but she never takes them off completely which is obviously a wonderful thing!
B00B5LHG82 love those Puma's!! My 6 year old granddaughter LOVES Puma's!!!  She thinks she can run faster and jump higher wearing them.  And, they are easy to keep clean.PJFlintstone, Ga
B00B5LHG82 Great My kids always like puma cause they feel very comfortable when they walking and runninggood shoes for kids .
B00B5PZGDK Love it Cute and stylish, the little one loved it. I like the style she loved the colors :) it was a combo for a perfect match
B00B5VYKAE So so, only cool because of BMW Cool shoes, looked completely worn after first use and straps are cheaply made- not like regular pumas. The straps don't have a loop through, so the tongue constantly falls down.
B00B5W0FHK Five Stars Great sneaker.
B00B5W0FHK I like a lot. The tennis shoes is very good, beautiful e some confortable. The system hold is also very good too and my daugther loved it.
B00B5W0FHK Five Stars Good...
B00B5W0FHK Great My daughter loves this brand!!
B00B5W0FHK i love it! i love these sneakerscute, comfortable. great job pumaits baby/toddler friendlyit looks so cute on my baby boy feet.i would recommend
B00B5W0FHK Great buy Sooo cute my kid loves them, he can run around and still look very fashion forward, his older brother wants a pair too.
B00B5W0FHK Look Adorable on my Grand Daughter Nice fit. Sporty.  They must  be comfortable - she leaves them on. Good value for the money.Easily wiped cleaned.
B00B5W0FHK Very comfortable, These are MY favorite shoes for my son. He likes more flashy colorful shoes, but they are very comfortable, classy, elegant and go with most of his clothes AND uniform.
B00B5W0FHK Cute Kicks! Very cute sneakers! My daughter usually wears a 8 but I got a 9 and they fit perfectly. P.s puma sneakers run very small fast delivery.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe Always love to buy Pumas for my kids!  They are very soft and comfortable for the to run and play in. They hold up well.  Would definitely buy again.
B00B5W0FHK Great buy! These shoes are so cute! They are almost too nice that I don't want my daughter to wear them and get them dirty. They arrived right on time, also.
B00B5W0FHK Very beautiful I bought it for my Niece she loves it , she is a sneakers lover , so happy with this product !!!
B00B5W0FHK We love these shoes Very we'll made and comfy shoe. Has the plus of Velcro straps. Very convenient for small children who want to be independent.
B00B5W0FHK So cute! I bought these for my grandson--my son picked them out of from my wishlist.  We both like the design--he is only 6 but these look like a design for an older kid or an adult.  That makes it unique!
B00B5W0FHK Five Stars My daughter fev colour
B00B5W0FHK Defective Product I already bought this shoe for my daughter several times, but this time came with a serious defect in the finish on the front. I would like to send pictures to the manufacturer's knowledge.
B00B5W0FHK Five Stars Beautiful shoe!  He loves it!  Lightweight and fits great!!
B00B5W0FHK no so happy When I order these shoes the information poated as 10 m for infants, so I thought it meant they were for babys. But instead turned out ro be 10 for kids
B00B5W0FHK fits great!!! I love this i bougth them for my 2 year old baby girl and it fits great besides they are so pretty!!!! Just the same as the picture
B00B5W0UUW Too cute! My daughter loves them!!! As soon as they arrived she put them on and didn't take them off for a while lol
B00B5W0UUW my daughter loves these!!! My 5 year old aughter loves the style and colors of these sneakers! They are comfortable as well as stylish!
B00B5W0UUW Cute Shoes My daughter loves these. They are easy to put on and look really cute. Built well so they should last awhile.
B00B5W1ER0 Super cute! This are super cute, they good on my daughters feet. They are a true fit. I have not seen this style in the stores.
B00B5W1ER0 Fits her nicely and comfortably. My daughter liked the shoes. Fits perfectly. She gave the ratings. There is enough shine and glitter without being gaudy.
B00B5WJRZ6 Would buy again Very stylish for my little boy. He loves them and he can get them in and off on his own. Would buy again. Love the Puma brand.
B00B5WJRZ6 So good So good, these sports shoes are very beatiful like made for designer. I recommend this item. Good good good good
B00B5XUHCC Amazing Buy This time I was pleasantly surprised! The fit is ideal and the product is the genuine article. What topped me though was the very simple package that saved me money.
B00B6PVGQ0 Good quality My husband runs and is always looking for a good sock. These are so well made. Thick and supportive, without being bulky or hot.He loves them.
B00B6QQDCG Durable and comfortable. Bought these for my construction worker son  and he was amazed how well they held up on the job. He doesn't want to wear any other sock now.
B00B6RLLWC WORST SOCKS, EVER These socks looked like they would be a nice supportive sock for the foot. Unfortunately, they turn around on the foot so that they end up sideways and upside down. I don't know what kind of foot would work with these as it does the same thing on my foot was well as my husband's. Our feet are quite opposite of each other; his being short and very wide (4E) and mind long and bony. Don't waste your money.
B00B6RLLWC Just what we wanted. These are the socks my man wears, the only ones he really likes, and purchasing them online was cheaper than purchasing in stores.  Shipping was free with a certain amount of purchase, so I threw out all his old holy socks and bought enough to get the free shipping....which is what we needed anyways.  Purchase arrived exactly as predicted.  No complaints here!
B00B7LUG00 nice gym shoes I bought it for my son as a Christmas gift. He goes to gym almost every day and he likes the style and comfort.
B00B7LUG00 Kool, comfy, propels forward. Kool,comfy, propels forward.
B00B7LUG00 Ligth and Comfortable! After trying several brands (Brooks, Asics, Saucony) I went with these, and they are comfy! Shoe is lightweight, and seems to offer good support so far.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoes These shoes fit as advertised (size 10.5) and are very comfortable in all activities ranging from crossfit to jogging.  I would give them five stars but a few pieces of the sole have lifted and I had to crazy glue them back into place.  I've had them for less than two months and use them daily.
B00B7LUG00 I love it Great Looking
B00B7LUG00 the look I chose these for their &#34;look&#34; and was not disappointed. Their length seems perfect but the width may be a hair too wide for my feet.  Not a big enough problem to stop me form wearing and enjoying them.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable! Got them on sale for $36 w/Free shipping.  Got me a deal!  Shoes are excellent for running.  Would definitely recommend.
B00B7LUG00 Perfect It is a perfect shoes. I liked it from the picture of the site, but in reality it is much better. fits as expected, very smooth and good feeling.
B00B7LUG00 Fits well, Feels Good They're very comfortable. I usually add those gel insoles to all my shoes, but with these I didn't need them. They're also well ventilated so they don't get too stinky.
B00B7LUG00 My son loves them. My son, the sneaker connoisseur, says they are incredibly comfortable and fit perfectly. He hasn't worn anything else since they showed up.
B00B7LUG00 Ok so far I have only ran about seven miles with these shoes so far, and they seem to be OK.  The shoe itself it pretty light, but sadly I was hoping for a little more in terms of shock absorption.
B00B7LUG00 Perfect for my needs Excellent product - fits great - is light but sturdy and even looks good. First time I have bought Puma brand and am very satisfied
B00B7LUG00 Sneakers Puma snearkers just like it pictured.  They are good.  Not mch to say... It is what I ordered and new condition.
B00B7LUG00 Great buy Light and comfortable! I'm on my feet 8 hours a day and these shoes feel great!  I would recommend these to anyone.
B00B7LUG00 Thanks Thank you love themThese are the nicest fitting shoesIt was a life saver to find these shoes again
B00B7LUG00 Good one I really love the color and the comfort. Its properly ventilated, feels light, grippy  and gives a constant urge to run. Downsides are - it does not feel robust. I always get a feel of ripping it off when I bike or kick something. It has been a week so far and no problems yet.  I'm using it in Colorado and this is definitely not water proof and not good for a snowy/rainy day. Its like an expert and serves the purpose its designed for.
B00B7LUG00 Good sneaker This sneaker is great for running, very good for weight training, and just OK for walking. These ratings are due to the tread in the bottoms.
B00B7LUKAQ Just ok I like the Puma look and style but comfort isn't good.  You can feel the balls on the sole of the shoe and it isn't comfortable.  Would not buy again but didn't want to bother with a return.  I wear them ocassionally when I'm not going to be walking a lot.
B00B7LUYFC very good cushion for walking & light Very good cushion from heal to toe. Definitely has a unique cushioning system. Great for walking fast a lot. Has good grip too & I work on very smooth concrete often.Light, breathable. Not sure if this is the best for standing in one position & on concrete however.
B00B7LUYFC Good value Shoe has good cushioning and is great for walking, light jogging, or working out. Has a unique sole that actually seems to give you some propulsion. It's insole is glued in so if you want to put in your own it may be hard to get out. Fit is fairly true to size but if you are between sizes I would go up.
B00B7LUYFC Five Stars Great purchase
B00B7LUYFC Comfy The shoes are a little more spacious and comfortable, easy to slip on, and easy to walk on and stand in for long periods.
B00B7LV3UC I have these in several colors These shoes are very comfortable and simple so I can dress them up or down. The size is pretty accurate, especially if you own other PUMA shoes.
B00B7LV8V6 Cute flats Great color and cute comfortable flat shoe. Really cheap price for this brand and goes very well with jeans and shorts
B00B7LV8V6 I love these flats these flats are so comfy. I somewhat dislike flats because most of them are stiff and usually give me blisters but these are almost like little slippers but with a thick bottom in case i step on something sharp. I wear these for my 8 hour shifts at work ( on my feet all day)&#8230;&#8230;.and my feet feel fine afterward. I would highly recommend them, great price. maybe half size bigger they run a little small.
B00B7LV8V6 All-Rounder These are very comfy. I initially bought them to use as athletic flats for my school's sports season - I don't like wearing regular sneakers all day - these were ideal. They are extremely comfortable, and I could just pop them off easily and put on slippers if I wanted to.Now I wear them anywhere I feel, and they look great with skinny jeans.Con: If you want a heavy-duty shoe this is not it - the sole is soft.
B00B7LV8V6 Cute flats Super comfortable and cute, want them in every color.  They don't have a thick sole so if you need lots if support these won't work for you.
B00B7LV8V6 comfort and style very pretty and comfortable..it's more of a ballet shoe than a sneaker.one can wear with dresses as well.
B00B7LVA8C great shoes fit perfectly and comfortable all day long, right out of the box. i got them for work as boots and they are great.
B00B7LVTOC GREAT STYLES GREAT LOOKING,,, PRETTY COOL... SNUG FITTING,, LOVE THEM ,,, ALSO MADE WELL , BETTER THAN A LOT OF THOS ENONSENSE LOOKING NIKES
B00B7LVTOC Awesome twist on an old classic I've owned at least four pairs of GV and these special edition ones are a great new twist on the original.
B00B7LVTOC Great look... It's a decent sneaker but it's all for the fashion. The quality is ok, not top notch but they are holding up pretty well. Purchase it knowing its purely a fashion sneaker.
B00B7LXC4M super flashy and pretty these sneakers fit perfect and feel great when you walk in them. I'm really glad i bought these they are fashionable and comfy what else do you need?
B00B7LY4HQ Good and comfortable shoes The shoes are true to the size and feel very comfortable. They look very stylish and light. I wish the heels have more cushioning to absorb impacts.
B00B7LY4HQ Very light! I love these sneakers they have a very light weight and are very comfortable! I have tried is different workouts at the gym and definitely I recommend this product.
B00B9TNYPY Vrooom Nice heavier material, very good length and they fit just right.  My son was very happy with these shorts and wears them.
B00B9U910U Very Comfortable and light. These glasses fit my head perfectly and are so light that a person can forget they're there.  I really like the color of the frame and the lenses are perfectly dark(mirrored).  The nose section of these glasses are soft enough to not leave marks on the nose, yet firm enough not to be "floppy".  I can slip them a bit from my face while exercising (so they don't fog up) and they stay put and still feel great.  The only improvement I can see is the nose section of these glasses are white and reflect off the inside of the lenses when sunny outside.  Makes it appear there is a constant smudge on the lenses.  I cleaned them 3 times before I realized it was the reflection.  Also, I would suggest adding a bag type storage to this purchase.  Otherwise, I would recommend these glasses.
B00B9ZDQA6 a very nice and beautiful shoes a very nice and beautiful shoes I love em, they're just a wee bit tight but still they're great, I like em.
B00B9ZDQA6 Great Great fit. Wish Puma didn't end it's line of production with so many products so quickly. Looks good with a matching pair of shorts or running pants.
B00BAO96O6 It looks great and didn't take too long to figure out the ... I've gotten a few compliments on this watch and have only had it a week.  It looks great and didn't take too long to figure out the settings.  It's quite thick so check out the side view to see if it's what you want.  I like it and haven't noticed much of a difference from some of my other big watches.  My only gripe is that I have to wear it on the second to last hole in the strap and I don't think my wrists are that much larger than average.  So far so good!
B00BAO96O6 Instructions not in english My husband loved this watch.  but the only problem we had was that the instructions for programming it were not in english.  SO some time was wasted in figuring out how to set date and time and we eventually had to look online to find an english version.  Overall, it's a good product though
B00BAO96O6 Cool.... It matches my husband's Puma gym suit perfectly and it is very light he really likes all the cool extra's!
B00BAO96TG excellent its very useful and great product.very easy to use and maintainlooks sportyand a great sport product to own
B00BAO96TG Woman's Puma activity tracker I love it! The only complain I have is the pedometer sensor seems to be very sensitive with movement and might count more steps than you are actually taking. Otherwise, great watch for multiple purposes.
B00BAO96TG Inaccurate and bulky Not only was this watch inaccurate on steps, bulky and unattractive the price tag on the item read $50.  When I paid $65.  How insulting.  Sent back.Update. Do not know how this review was selected at 5 stars. Thank you to KET for pointing that out. But no need for fowl language directed at me.
B00BAO96TG Magnifying Glass Required The pedometer display is readable except for the tiny display in the upper right that designates what you're looking at, ie mi, cal, etc.  The instructions are also in very small print and not at all complete.  To make it worse, the website does not have a users manual for this product. If they do, I couldn't find it!  Given another chance, I would choose something else.
B00BAO96TG On time delivery Pros: Good product with fair price point. Delivery on time! Hope it can run long enough!Cons: size too big. Maybe it's better for man.
B00BAO96TG complicated I loved it and it did sooooo many things BUT it was just too high tec. for me and I sent it back.  Jan
B00BAO96TG USELESS AS A PEDOMETER Can't figure out how to make it work, in spite of following the directions.  Never has measured my steps anywhere nearly accurately or at all!  Maybe  a broken one, but not confident enough in that to return it.  Requested more directions, never arrived. Keeps time however, but useless as a pedometer. Beeps erratically.
B00BAO96TG Satisfied The watch works perfect! It didn't take too long for me to receive it. I'm satisfied with the product (: I just wish they had more of a variety of color options
B00BAO96TG Pedometer Botch! It fit me but that about the only good thing.  Just like other reviews say it's horrible at counting steps (for example I was washing my hair and somehow managed to do 150 steps).  The funny thing is while walking it tends to stop counting.  The screen broke on day two when I accidentally hit it against a wall because it is so bulky.  What a crappy product for the money.  Buy something else.
B00BAO96TG returned right away! Product is huge! It is larger than my husband's GPS watch. You manually have to tell it when you are walking and when your not so using this just to count your daily steps is annoying. Any little arm or hand movement makes the pedometer increase when you are in walking mode. I got over 400 steps by sitting here typing this review! Stick to a cheaper regular pedometer that is ore accurate.
B00BAO96TG Amazon search and Puma say it's waterproof - guess what - it's not Oh, you can wear it when washing your hands.  But I want something for swimming.  This shows up as an option.  And when I received it - you can't swim in it.  I'm angry with both Puma and Amazon for wasting my time
B00BAO96TG Okay Not what I was looking for at all. It did not calculate the calories like I thought it would. I wanted for my workout, I wore it and it did not calculate them right at all. I was very sad to see if not work.
B00BAO96TG HARD TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS The instructions are so tiny I am unable to read it to find out how it works and how to set it up.
B00BAO96TG PUMA For Me Love it. Able to read the numbers (71yrs old). Easy to operate. Fashionable to wear all the time. Will buy more products as price was right.
B00BAO9876 Simple and elegant Sporty type but class, minimalist. A little heavy but it feels good. Perfect for men with normal or thin arms.
B00BAO997A Better than what you might expect from a company known for footware or athletic gear. I've bought a few Puma watches. They look nice, work well, and are inexpensive. Not much more to say. But they are nicer than what you'd expect. Not just a shoemaker slapping their logo on a piece of crap.Happy with this purchase.
B00BAXWTT6 So cute! Right on time and too cute on my little man's feet! A bit skinny, if your child has an extremely fat foot you might want to order wide.
B00BAXWTT6 returned the shoes I have not heard of the company Shoebacca has  received them but they should have by now.  They were a little small and I really did not like the look once I put them on.  I returned them in the same box and they had no wear.  I had really hoped that they would have worked out.  If you can, can you notify me if they have been received and when the credit would be applied to my account.  Thank you.  Bea
B00BAXWTT6 Five Stars Great
B00BAXWTT6 Happy kid... Junior loves these.  The soles are a bit sturdier than some of the Pumas we've had but still not full on &#34;tennis shoe&#34; thick.  They're great for elementary school, recess, and general mayhem.  The two hook-and-latch closures are surviving being cranked down as hard as the kid can manage much better than one-closure versions have done.
B00BAZGA8A Cute! These PUMA Takala Glitter V Tennis Shoes are very cute. It fits as expected. It made of very flexible and soft materials. My 3 years old daughter loves her new shoes because they are comfortable and have cute pink color and sparkles! Very recommend.
B00BAZGA8A Best childs athletic shoe ever These are by far the best athletic shoes my daughter has ever had. Very flexible, light weight even compared to other Puma's I've purchased for her. She loves the color and fit. The strap is easy to use and it allows more flex to easily be slipped on, so much more than any sketchers!
B00BAZGA8A Christmas gift Our grand child adores pretty pink shoes, sparkles and comfort. She was very happy to receive it.She wears it often.Thank you
B00BAZGA8A Order a couple of sizes larger Sent back for 2 sizes larger and it fit my daughter well. Really we'll made. Kids will need help the first couple of tries sliding the shoe in.
B00BAZGA8A Puma Purrrfect :) Way cuter than in picture! Not that the picture is not cute ;) many complements and my daughter and I both love them!
B00BAZGA8A Love them! My daughter loves her shoes. She will be trying them out for the first time tonight in her Zumba class. She is sooo excited about wearing them.  They look great and feel great on her feet.
B00BAZGA8A Very nice I really liked it , it's very nice.my daughter loves it, and they are very comfy , the my daughter wanted
B00BAZKORS They were a hit My daughter LOVES these shoes. They go perfectly with her puma velour outfits. They are a perfect match... Even though people complained so much about these shoes... We have none. Thanks
B00BBATXSS adorable set sizes are truefit my daughter perfectly and is really an adorable and comfortable setshorts are a good length, as well
B00BBATXSS Super Cute Cutest short set ever, so precious on my grand daughter, she is cute as a button in this.  And she loves it, starting kindergarten and she said &#34;Don't I look just so special&#34;  Ha, I think so and the shopping on Amazon makes my life so smooth with delivery to the front door, Amazon rules!!!!!!!
B00BBXN0RK adorable set this is an adorable set that my little one just lovesthe shorts are great length and the colors are bright and vivid
B00BBXN0RK Terrific outfit Bought this outfit as a birthday present for my granddaughter, she loved it.  The fit was perfect, stylish, well constructed and washes well.
B00BBXN0RK This is a cute outfit for a great price. I ordered this outfit in a 5T for my 4 year old daughter.  It was true to size and fits perfectly.  The outfit is cute, cool and comfortable.  It is good quality and washes very well.  The colors appear just as they do in the picture shown.  My daughter had been wanting &#34;sports shorts,&#34; and loves actual pumas, so this was just what she had in mind.  Would highly recommend!
B00BBXN0RK Cute,cute,cute Got a size 4 for my daughter and it fits perfect. The outfit looked so cute on her and she was so excited to get it. Great buy!
B00BBXN0RK I love the fit Its very nice good price last a long time pump clothes are the best fitting clothes l will be ordering more pump clothes
B00BBXN0RK very cute my daughter is tall for her age, she's only 2 1/2 but this size fits her perfect.  She loves wearing puma like her grandpa, she loves this outfit
B00BBXN0S4 Adorable. I love this little outfit.  It is even cuter than the picture. These little guys can cost up to $40 or more so I was quite pleased with my purchase. Awesome
B00BBXN0S4 Not So Cute The neck/shoulders are cut funny and they don't look quite right. I purchased a 3T. The pants are great and my daughter likes the outfit, others are just cuter.
B00BCI9LWC Print coming off My daughter loves these shorts. She has worn them about three times now. We just noticed that the print in the seat area is starting to wear off. I do not put clothes in the dryer for the simple fact that I know it can ruin the decal on the clothing. This is a disappointment in my eyes. I just wish that when a consumer is paying $20 or more for a pair of shorts, that they would hold up for at least six months.
B00BCI9O0G Cute though.. Shorts are super cute but too short for school dress code.  I kept them anyway because my daughter liked them so much but would love some shorts that are longer.
B00BCI9O0G just what we were looking for My daughter had outgrown a smaller pair of silky puma shorts that she loved.  These shorts are soft and silky and just what we were looking for.  Service from this seller was perfect.
B00BCIA6S0 golf skirt brought this for my 10yr old, it really fit her well and looks very stylish and cool for playing golf...at a fraction of the price
B00BCIA91E Cute & comfy Nice shorts - washes well stylishWe used for tennis & golfSoft, lightweightMy daughter likes them a lotMatches everything
B00BEEOODU son loved it Cant get him to wear other stuff. every time this is washed, he is wearing it. Love the colors. :)
B00BEEOODU One of his favourite outfit for indoor sports On the days when my son attends his weekly sports programme, he'll go for either one of his Puma outfit sets.He loves the feel of the polyester and the stretch-capable material doesn't hinder his swings and runs.Every now and then, he checks on me to see if there are other designs which may interest him.He is 4-and-a-half and 107cm tall .
B00BEEOPSY it still looks awesome on the kid Even though this fits a little larger than other 3T outfits, it still looks awesome on the kid! It has been worn many times since I purchased it and it has kept the colors and fit even after being washed and dried in a dryer.
B00BEIOZAI Puma sneaks So far so good. These are the most light weight sneakers I have ever bought. Very comfortable. We will see how long they last.
B00BEIOZAI Five Stars very good!!!
B00BEIOZAI Lookin good! Fun stylish sneaks. Great for the price. Came with a set of blue laces and one single orange lace. I'm guessing the other was missing or it was suppose to be some Punky Brewster kind of style.
B00BEIOZAI Great comfortable and stylish They are really comfortable I was actually surprised how comfortable.  I also like that there stylish as well? Just buy them go ahead
B00BEIOZAI Cool shoe Feel light but they are a little loud walking around my top floor apartment compared to my Nikes. I like them though.
B00BEIQAH4 McLovin I love these sneakers. They fit true to size and they are comfy. Have had them on for a couple hours and you dont even realize they are wedges. The details on them are amazing. The gold on them is a rose colored gold which gives them a really girly/dainty feel. Love ,Love  love!!!!
B00BF2YS32 Not bad for sport In hands looks much worse then in the picture. But not bad for sport. I swim in the pool with it.
B00BF70ARK Cute! Fits my baby well and seems to be well made with quality materials. I have washed several times and it still appears to be brand new.
B00BF7GBI2 It's Nice It has a good size and it's so comfortable to carry on. The black and beige combinations are perfect for any clothes you need to use.
B00BGU3U6Y i love them they are very nicethey are also true to sizethey feel so comfy!just not for wearing on bad weatherfast shipping tooi'm pleased.;)
B00BK29YRC puma girls  mesh drapery tank lovely item,cant wait to purchase again,item arrived properly packaged,will purchase again great colour and choice will recommend others! my daughter cant wait to wear
B00BK2A53E Great Works well for soccer practice and looks great. Washes well and doesn't pick up grass stains easily. It would have been nice if the waist was drawstring for skinnier children but overall would highly recommend.
B00BLOQ5LM Great socks I'd bought a pack of these at TJ Maxx, and they didn't have any more in subsequent visits, so I bought these.  Naturally, I paid MUCH less at TJ Maxx, $18 is really overpriced for these.  That being said, they're great socks.  The soles are thick, they have good arch support, but my favorite feature is the extra little padding at the top of the heel, to prevent the socks from slipping down into your shoes.
B00BLOQ5LM Okay Thicker than expected.  Take a long time to try in the dryer.  But they are soft - just not good for running.
B00BLOQ5LM Comfortable - have bought before - don't slip Comfortable - have bought before - don't slip down too muchGood quality and designWould definitely recommend these socks
B00BLOQ5LM The best, but overpriced. Loved the socks.  The most comfortable I've ever worn. However, I paid $18 per package but the price from the manufacturer read $14.
B00BM9YL6M Awesome puma sport socks !!! These pumas are like no sock I have ever worn. The material retains it's structure and keeps protecting the foot during hard workouts!!  Thank you puma!!!
B00BMTXV36 Got holes in the toes after only wearing them 3 times... They are cute.  But they did not hold up.  They did not last even a few weeks.  He wore them a few times before the toes gave out and were useless.This was unfortunate.  I am still searching for socks again.
B00BMTXV36 Great! Very happy with socks I purchased for my son. They fit well and do not slide off of his feet like alot of the other infant socks.
B00BMTXV36 : ) my boys love these puma socks. these socks fit very well and so far they are holding up very well.
B00BNA59D4 excellent item the item is very nice;but too large for my small wrist returned item packaged very nicely in very sturdy box
B00BOZAW6W Chic shoes! These shoes are super cute! They fit like a glove, and are very stylish. You could dress it up or down. They stand out and is guaranteed to turn heads.
B00BOZAW6W Great Shoes!!! I chose this rating because it is well deserved! These shoes stand out!!! Not only does the color pop, but I have never seen them on anyone else. That's what I love. They are so comfortable; like walking on air! After 8 hours of work, my feet feel fantastic! Again, great shoes!
B00BOZAW6W love this shoe I get compliments everywhere I go..people ask me all the time where did I get my shoes I try not to tell them...
B00BOZAW6W Wedge sneakers Love my wedge sneakers ! Wedge sneakers are wearable for any age for women!  Sexy and comfort. It makes u smile since it makes u feel tall!
B00BOZAW6W Luv my new kicks It's not wide width, so it squeeze just a lil! Very comfortable, goes with just about everything. I like it
B00BS9LAE2 Worth the extra money! We really like these socks. That hold up to constant use and washing and always look great. They are worth paying a little more.
B00BS9LAE2 Perfect socks These are the perfect height/rise for low-rise socks with my sneakers, and I love the color combos included! They are really nice thick fabric but not too hot or fluffy, and are perfect for working out. The fit is great - I wear a size 7 normally. They have held up really well through washes.
B00BS9LAE2 Good Quality Socks. These socks are well made. No easy wear and tear of the toe and the heal as I have found with some other socks.  Seems to be reinforced in those areas.
B00BS9LAE2 love it! excellent product!  the socks are very soft and comfortablegood price and good qualityvery satisfied with the productI love the colors!
B00BS9LAE2 Comfy socks These socks are very soft, warm. I don't use them for running, just keeping my toes warm in the house. nice.
B00BS9LAE2 Cool colors! Great athletic socks in fun colors! True to size, great for gym or work!  If you like bold and comfort, you'll like these!
B00BVYTYSS Stay put Socks that slide down into your shoe aggravate me.  These don't!  They should put it on the label.  I usually have to purchase several pairs to see which ones perform.  So, I was very pleased with these.
B00BVYTZLO Okay Sockies These are not top of the line but good enough. I just bought them to match my new sneakers. Enjoy.
B00BVYTZRS Best socks ever! I love these socks. I have bought numerous packs of them in the past and keep coming back to them. I wear them to work all the time with black shoes and black pants. They fit great and they don't make your feet hot.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!
B00BVYTZRS Favorite socks! These are my favorite socks for running, I hate socks that are too thick.  These are perfect.  They hold up well in the wash.  I couldn't find them on here again when I was looking for them though..
B00BVYU130 The only sock we buy. In a house with three women we go through the workout socks like crazy! Over the span of a year we have replaced all of our workout socks with these. They wash great, stay where you put them, and look great after mud and sweat and constant use and washing.
B00BVYU130 Love!! These are my favorite socks!! They are a little thicker and have remained soft after many washes.  My feet are always cold so they work really well but I would not recommend if your feet sweat.
B00BVYU130 Quality socks These socks are comfortable and seem well-made so far. I don't expect them to fall apart. They are thick compared to most socks of this type. They are large enough that they did not get pulled down from my ankle with movement.
B00BX6YCFO Great Shorts My daughter loves these, were worn for her first season of Kindergarten Cross Country.  Thumbs up for a nice Puma running short under $15!
B00BY0KD8E Good looking and comfortable These Puma's are very good looking and comfortable. Clean up nicely and are well made.If your into Neon....just change the laces and they become cooler!
B00BYGV7GU TINY TINY TINY These were basically toddler size. I wear a 4 in boys and could not get one of my toes in these socks even though they are supposed to fit me. Oh well.
B00C1LN7ME Beautiful design and sewn I love PUMA but it's difficult to find my size. this particular design caught my attention and when I tried it on, it looked perfect but a little bit tight for comfort.
B00C1LN7ME Nice for the price Very good shoes for 45$,i have the same model in black and yellow flash and she is confortable,good for walk on street or go in the gym!
B00C5TN7G8 Super Socks! These ankle socks are thick and soft. They feel like they'll last for years. They have arch support, but it's not overly compressed -- I don't have to struggle with them to get my foot inside. Purr-fect! Way to go, Puma!
B00C5TN7G8 Cool Socks Very comfortable and well made.  The mesh ventilation on top really helps to keep one's feet cool.  Great for the gym.
B00C5UN1C2 Compliments everywhere I purchase these to add some color to my look.  I've been getting compliments everywhere I go.  Was hesitant on ordering Puma as their design is amazing but their comfort is questionable.  Growing up in the 80's and wearing them the first time around I figured they were a safe bet and I was right!  Very comfortable!
B00C5UOFS6 Clean look Clean look, arrived super fast and in perfect shape. I am not a runner but stay fairly active and these are light and fit like a glove.
B00C5UOT5U Four Stars these are nice shoes have not broken in yet?
B00C5UOT5U Two Stars did not feel that comtfortable
B00C5UOVBC Five Stars Awesome shoes.
B00C5UOVBC Great shoe, very light and the look nice. My only gripe that they they're somewhat snug width wise. Hopefully over time they will loosen up a bit. Other than that they are light and springy.
B00C5UOVBC Five Stars perfect
B00C5UOVBC Five Stars Hi loved it so nice.
B00C5UPKT4 What is up with the weird upper? The material changes around the ankle. What????
B00C5UPRQK Five Stars They are exactly what I expected.
B00C5UPRQK Great Shoes Very comfortable and the colors are great.  They are made very well and have great cushioning.  I get lots of compliments.
B00C5UPSS2 So Confortable I love the shoes.  If you are looking for someone you can pretty much wear all the time, this one is for you
B00C5UPSS2 changed my ming i liked the shoes so much i have changed to nothing but puma shoes and i was  a hard core nike fan
B00C699NTC Four Stars Shipped as expected. Fits just right
B00C6AH8J8 Stunning and comfortable They look stunning and are extremely comfortable! I got it on sale for ~$35 so quite satisfied with this purchase
B00C6AH8J8 beautiful My boo absolutely loves it and I think it really looks great on him and am thinking about getting him another colour
B00C6AH8J8 Euro Vacation Shoes I really love Puma style; sometimes they are a bit extreme like these, but for a vacation in Spain and Portugal, I tend to go out of my comfort zone. And these are great! Not sure why we Americans are so afraid of bold fashion, but I am trying to get past that. When in Europe, you see more people not afraid to wear bright colors. These are perfect with jeans and shorts, they really make a statement.
B00C6AIR2U Puma Shoes Puma shoes are uncharactiscally smaller and tighter than other brands.  Rather disconcerting when buying online.  I am hoping to break in my shoes rather than replacing them again.  Tough decision when trying to find comfort.
B00C6AIR2U GREAT AND COOL THEY WERE GREAT AND I LOVE THEM  THEY ARE REALLY COMFY AND LOOKS AWESOME AND THEY WERE THE RIGHT SIZE
B00C6AIR2U Nice My husband has hip problems and drags his feet. With these no-heel shoes he doesn't drag.  He is 79 and can't bend down to tie, so I have to buy the Velcro. He says they fit like a nice glove.
B00C6BOILS Luxurious and Sporty at the Same Time! Youu can use these shoes for nearly anything. They match with almost anything. They are quite comfortable after you break them in. No regrets in purchasing these shoes; I highly recommend them:)
B00C6BOILS Shipment is taking forever I ordered the shoes on April 3rd and they said they would be here latest by today April 12th and now i check the status and it changed to Aprill 17-22nd thats som BS straight up >:-/
B00C6BOILS Four Stars Looks good. Fits great and is comfortable.
B00C6BOILS Four Stars I Liked this dessing!
B00C6BPP10 Excellent I liked too much these sneakers, I am thinking about to buy another ones.I like puma brand. ;) :)
B00C6BPP10 Great! They are great, however the previous reviews helped me to order one size bigger, which was a great idea, the price is the best!!
B00C6BPP10 It's a little snug The show fits a little snug at the toes.  It might also be more noticeable due to the harder material at the toe which hasn't been broken in yet.
B00C6BPP10 My favorite pumas These are excellent sneakers for both fashion and for fit. Now that they are broken in I wear them to the gym quite often and they are holding up great.
B00C6BPP10 Comfortable and east style I ordered a suez up but had to return for my actual size. Love these shoes.  So comfortable.  Can wear with black athletic pants or jeans.
B00C6BPP10 Nice kicks... I'm a fan of Puma. This is a great pair. It's very light and easy to travel with and carry with me. Looks sleek and fits nicely and comfortably.
B00C6BTJUS Nice These are nice looking and very comfortable shoes. Good for casual and business casual. Sort of a cross between a sneaker and a shoe.
B00C6BTJUS Pumzas These fit well and are very comfortable. Great buy at the price paid . I give them 4 stars. Very pleased.
B00C6BTJUS Awesome sauce! Awesome sauce!
B00C6BUJDY best sneakers ever I love these sneakers. They are true to cut and so comfortable. They look great with anything. You can dress them up or down. I am definitely gonna order some more
B00C6BUJDY I so love my shoes! I love them they are just as pretty as I thought they would be! Comfortable fix! My 1st time buy footwear from amazon I must say I'm truly happy with my purchase!
B00C6BUJDY Love them I love them very fashionable and can be worn with just about anything. Dress them up or down, anyone thinking about buying this sneaker will be very happy and not to mention you can't beat the price.
B00C6BUJDY Great Shoes PUMA has up their game. I love the improved womens sneakers. This sneaker fits great and looks great. Everyone loves loves the look. :)
B00C6BUJDY Great These sneakers are a great buy. They are comfortable, cute and they were just the right size. I love wearing them.
B00C6BUJDY Lovely & Colorful wedge sneaker I like the combination of color and the design.  It fits as expected and is quite comfortable.  It's stylish too!  I'm very satisfies with this wedge sneaker.
B00C6BUJDY cute wedge These are so freaking cute, very stylish.  but they are somewhat tight, and they run a little short. Very, very cute!
B00C6BUJDY so cute! Exactly what I expected- really comfortable, sleek and well made, came with hot pink laces which looked a bit tacky but you can take those off. Definitely recommend!!!!!
B00C6BUJDY Cute These shoes are for the cute relaxed look. They can make any jeans and tshirt day or leggings and tshirt day cute and comfy, while still looking FAB.
B00C6BUJDY Crazy, Sexy, Cool Can't wait to rock theses this spring or when all this snow in Michigan melts. Haute, hot, hot wedge. Satisfied with purchase.
B00C6BUJDY LOVE!!!! These sneakers are so cute and very comfortable. I got so many compliments on these!! I wish I was bold enough to wear the other colors because I would definitely order them!!
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoe and very comfortable I love this high-top and got some good comments from others.  Just like what everyone was saying, this high-top is very comfortable to wear.
B00C6BV91U Five Stars Everyone LOVES these shoes, I'm always getting compliments
B00C6EVI7M Cute, comfortable These are very cute, original and comfortable. Nice slip-ons. I have the hot pink trim and the outfit goes with lots of my outfits.
B00C6EVI7M Exactly what I wanted! This is a perfect casual, sporty, but hip slip on.  Looks great on the foot.  Very comfortable (with MINIMAL break in).  I always wear a size 7 Puma on my 61/2 feet.
B00C6EVI7M Puma flats Fit perfect, very comfortable.  Bright pink ribbon on the toe matches my bright pink leather purse and the pink book cover for my Kindle!
B00C6EVI7M and it looks soooooo good! I love it bought this for myself, fits perfectly! and it looks soooooo good! I  love it!
B00C6EW87G Perfect! I ordered these in two different colors because I love them so much! They are perfect to slip on and go.  I also wore them for a shift at the hospital running around all day, and they worked really well.  Not much cushioning or support if that is what you need.  Many, many compliments!
B00C6EW87G Love them These are minimalist shoes - almost like the Vibram 5 finger - and feels like you are going barefoot but have some sole & foot protection.There is little arch support so you can add an insert if needed and &#34;no-show&#34; pedi socks work well.  I read the previous reviews and ordered half size up and it was a perfect fit.  Liked them so much I ordered the blue & pink pairs.  Good bargain at $30 apiece.
B00C6EW87G Uncomfortable, thin sole, and part of sole not waterproof. I'm a veteran high-heels wearer and wanted something comfy but a little cute for walking my dog.  These are not the right shoe.  They are uncomfortable -- they caused actual pain for the toe next to my big toe -- they're a little short and the shape of the end of the toe box is a weird smooshed to the side almond shape which ended up crushing the 'index toe?' up against my big toe.  They have very little padding and a thin sole -- I can literally feel the aggregate in aggregated concrete under my feet.  I guess that would mean they make you feel like a Princess, in the sense that I feel like the Princess from the Princess and the Pea because I can feel any little piece of gravel, tiny twig, or, I would assume, a frozen pea through the sole of these shoes.  The instep of the sole is not the same material and is not joined well enough to the rest of the sole, so I ended up with damp socks through the sole of the shoe.  An insole helps the thinness of the sole, but not the smooshing problem.I didn't feel these looked cute either, but I suppose that's subjective.  If I had a pair of high heels that hurt this much and had this many problems, I'd think there was something wrong with them.  I'd rather walk my dog in heels than these.
B00C6EW87G Love them! They are light, effortless, and comfortable.  Great for running around - probably would want more support for an intense workout or run.  I love the colors.  As some other reviewers indicated, they run a little small.  My advice is to order up a half size.  They were quickly shipped and arrived in perfect shape.  They are super cute - go for it!!
B00C6EW87G samll my size is 5.5, this one should go to 6.5-7. my toe are squeezed. but it is very light .
B00C6EW87G Not slip-ons, need to be tied. Runs 1 size small. Like all the other reviews recommend, do yourself a favor and order a whole size up. I wear between an 8.5 and a 9 in Pumas typically, but per the other reviews I ordered a 9.5. Glad I did because they fit just as expected now with socks on. Like other reviews also mention, these are perfect for casual walking around or working out in the gym, but I wouldn't recommend actually running in them. Otherwise, lightweight and comfortable. I like them.One big disappointment I have though, these are **not** slip-ons as advertised. Based on the pictures and the description, I thought the &#34;laces&#34; you can see in the photos were elastic bands, just like my Merrill slip-ons have. Nope, these are actual laces that need to be tied. How does that make the shoe a slip-on?! I bought these for exact reason that I wouldn't have to tie them. Guess I have to figure out a way to tuck the laces in without causing discomfort to make them true slip-ons.... If that doesn't work, they're going back.
B00C6EW87G These Rock Huge Puma fan. Loved the color, the style which is slip on and comfort. They hug your foot nicely and feel like a slipper they're so comfortable.
B00C6EW87G Great shoes The shoes are so cute, and so light it's like they aren't even there, but still supportive for being on my feet all day. Go with all my work clothes.
B00C6EW87G Light Weight and PERFECT! I love these shoes! They are light weight, perfect when running, they look stylish and I am extremely pleased with my purchase!!!!
B00C6EW87G LOVE THEM, but not the size. I bought these about 3 months ago. I love them! the only thing I don't like about them is they are a little snug. Which it really didn't matter, because I originally bought them for weight lifting.
B00C6EXR76 Exchange The size we ordered turned out to be 7 american instead of European so if it possible we would like to change it to 6.5 american.
B00C6F6BYQ These are so pretty in person These are so pretty in person. They are true to cut and comfortable.  I didn't even know that the green was at the top. I love this sneaker.
B00C6F6WX6 Good its good. fits as expected. colour is as shown. comes with two different colour laces. very easy to walk in.
B00C6FBWX6 great shoes for my gym I'd bought them for my wife. Mostly she uses this kind of shoes for her curve's routine and zumba clases. She likes them even though at the beginning they felt somewhat small.
B00C6MI48A great socks I have previously loved my puma ankle socks in the past whichs have lasted several years and worn very well, so I went ahead and ordered a package of these puma brand crew socks.  They arrived and are of the same high quality, super soft, well constructed and a great amount of stretch to stay up but not constrictive and leave those nasty too-tight lines on my ankles I have gotten from cheaper socks. They wash well and hold there size and shape. These are definitely worth the slightly higher price and I would recommend them to anyone looking for an everyday or athletic sock.  I will be ordering another package in black.  This item fits me great and I wear a women's shoe size 11.
B00C6MI48A Great! I pour concrete all day so my feet are very important to my job and these socks are great for that. They keep my feet comfortable. Anything that helps me with my job, Id like to own.
B00C6MI48A Best Socks Ever!!!! I actually bought these socks from Costco but they are the best socks I have ever worn. They feel high quality and fit great (I wear a mens size 9). I would recommend them to anyone.
B00C6MI48A best pair of socks I've ever had I'm writing about socks, I know.. but these really are excellent socks. Enough padding on the bottom yet they're airy on top so you never really get too sweaty. They hold up too. Great buy.
B00C6XPMTS Perfect fit; great looking pant I bought this for my 6 year old son and they are perfect.  He wears them to school and they are cuter than sweatpants and not uncomfy like jeans.  An easy winner in my family.
B00C6XSH4K good purchase I always buy Puma clothes for my son, they are stylish and fit him very well,particularly he loves the combination grey-orange, This shorts are great for summer.
B00C6XSH4K Cool shorts Very well made and cool looking. My grandson is an average 9 year old and the shorts were a bit big. We'll save them for next year.
B00C6XUJA0 Blue pant outfit These are good quality and fut well.  Our little guy will be able to wear this outfit for a long time.
B00C6XUJA0 Cute and fits well, but thin. I got a good deal on this outfit and it is cute.  Fits good, good quality, but it is very thin.
B00C70PMOU Seahawks colors My son loves this jacket. It goes with all his Seahawks gear. It is a good fit. Looks well made.
B00C70PMOU doubt to buy this product Need help buying this product! my son is 3 and not carving will remain good! I would like not to get the set and it can last for another year! that would be the perfect size for a child age 3?
B00C70PMOU and looks cool, too Bought this to silk screen for a client. Fit perfectly, and looks cool, too!
B00C70PMOU Son loved it! Great purchase...fast shipping....I highly recommend this jacket for any parent looking for a combination of style with value for money spent!
B00C70PMOU PUMA - Kids Boys 2 - 7 It turns out the sizing is an issue again, my grandson is 7 and this would fit him at 14, however I have put in the cupboard to give to him at a later stage.  thank you.
B00C70T3W2 It fits! I was glad to see this fits my 18 month old. Just like anything you don't know for sure until you open it up. It's just right for him and he has some room to grow. My son is tall and lean.
B00C70T3W2 Adorable Every little boy or girl will look great, athletic, comfortable and warm in this outfit!  It holds up well and still allows children to be very active.
B00C70T3W2 We love it Very good looking running suit.  We ordered it on the large side with expectations that our little one will grow into it within a couple of months.
B00C70T3W2 puma` Seems kinda small buts its okay. The clothes are very nice in fabric an d the logo on puma is also okay
B00C70T3W2 Tricot set for a boy The mom loves it  and I bought it a little big so he can use it for a couple months.
B00C70VXMU Five Stars fantastic product for spring conditions
B00C70ZJF2 ONLY PANTS HE WEARS. THESE RE THE ONLY PANTS MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WEARS.  WISH THEY WERE A LITTLE SHORTER IN LENGTH.  THEY WASH AND WEAR GREAT
B00C70ZRX6 Puma Kids Boys 8-20 pants Wonderful pants. The child was so excited. And got a shirt to match. What a good prsent for a young boy.
B00C70ZRX6 Good-quality, lightweight athletic pant My son loves these pants.  They are really comfortable and he loves that they have pockets.  They were a little bit long so we needed to get them hemmed, but otherwise they were just what we were looking for.
B00C70ZRX6 Nice fit and styling, but a little too light weight for cold weather It was hard to tell from the description whether these pants would be warm enough for cold Seattle days.  They aren't.  Fine for fall and spring, though.
B00C72I5K6 Five Stars My son loves Puma
B00C7ACUAE Nice set of socks Puma socks are some of the best socks I've ever owned. Not only do they hold up extremely well time after time, but they also don't fall apart or stretch out like many socks do. They remain very comfortable even after watching several times.
B00C7GKRK8 Very cute! Very cute and gets lots of wear! Will buy more! Washes well and looks good with lots of different tops!
B00C7GKUN2 Perfect for your 10 year old If you have a child who loves to run, jump, hang out, these pants will give great joy. Well made, true to size, washes and drys very well.
B00C7GKY06 Cute but flawed Outfit fit well and true to size but there were glue stains on the outside of the fabric by both Puma logos.  Not a big deal since I didn't pay full price but we will use this a play outfit only.
B00C7GKY06 Great comfortable light tracksuit This fits great for my little boy, although the pants seem very long, but he does have short legs. The jacket is nice and lightweight, great for putting on, on a cooler summer evening, to cover up. Well made. My little boy has worn it a lot and it's not misshapen from washing or come apart at all.
B00C7GKY06 Grab whatever and throw it in the bag! They sent an 18 mo jacket and 12 mo pants. Not happy with this purchase, especially this close to christmas.
B00C7HJN20 My Son Loves These Pants These pants were worth every penny. My son loves them, they are comfortable, nice slim fit and not too think so easy to move in. They great for little boys because they are easy to slip up and down in the potty for someone who is in hurry!
B00C7IH2IQ Love this Jacket!! I bought this jacket for my grandson who is 7 yrs. old for his birthday.  I could not have been more pleased with the quality.  Very well made and looks fabulous!  I think my son liked it just as much as my grandson.  Very happy with this purchase.
B00C7IH2IQ My grandson loved it so much that he wants to wear it everyday. I loved the quality of the material.  If your child is very active, this is the perfect jacket to wear.  It is comfortable.
B00C7JZXAY Puma Puma shirts  are so cute. I ordered the lime and black and by are both very cute and well made.
B00C7KZHPO Soccer Shorts I bought these shorts for my ten year old daughter. They fit well, and I love the design. After wearing them three times they ripped on the side.
B00C7L2S0U Great! not as thick as i thought it maybe , but great fit and perfect for under her winter coat, this will make a great gift for my kid!
B00C7L2S0U 5 yr old gift I got this as a xmas gift for my boyfriends 5 yr old daughter, She loved this hoodie because its light soft and also warm. The zipper is also easy for her to do on her own
B00C7L2S0U Sharp! I give this hoodie 5 stars for quality and overall looks but would only give 1 star for sizing.  Very sharp well made hoodie but had to return as sizing runs very small.  Am ordering two sizes up and in also in another color as very nice quality.
B00C7L2S0U Nice The material is rich. Recommended .  Love it,  lovely collection of clothing. trendy, sports like, original, every little girl will love to have one.
B00C7L2S0U nice jacket for air conditioned rooms To put things in context, my 3 year 3 months old girl who is around 40inches tall, waist ard 20inchs. Compared to her peers she is average build.The jacket fits my girl just nice now. I bought this jacket expecting some more mileage but I suspect that might be difficult if she enters a growth spurt. That said, it's a nice comfy jacket and my girl loves the hoods and pockets.Great buy at the price.
B00C7L3868 cute and comfy The shorts done have adjustable waist so we have to keep the rolled up once which looks cute b/c that how they are made. Super cute
B00C7L3868 Cute & Well Made Cute, well made, & durable. Runs ever so slightly big in the waist. Like the PUMA saying around the inner waist band.
B00C7L3868 GREAT and comfy my little girl loves them. fits well, not hot and look great. not to short or long. everything just right.
B00C7L3868 Perfect for my tiny gymnast! These shorts are perfect for my little gymnast. They stay rolled if you choose to roll them or they can be unrolled completely for a knee length look. The material is bright and a good weight and they came out if the clothes dryer looking still new. I wish they came in other colors.
B00C7L3868 nice comfy shorts To put things in context, my 3 year 3 months old girl who is around 40inches tall, waist ard 20inchs. Compared to her peers she is average build.This pair of shorts is a little loose but that is until I fold the waistband down once and it fits like a glove. Holds up well during playground time. Will be better if the shorts comes with elastic bands to allow tightening at the waist but at the price I got it at, I'm not complaining.
B00C7L3868 Very Cute; Perfect for Soccer too! This is a cutie! My daughter is 17 month old, a bit over weighted than average. Thus, I thought 2T might work for her. And I was right. A perfect fit for her, very cute. I got this for her soccer class; would work perfect. I'm buying 2 different colors for her too.
B00C7MQ3NW Birthday Gift The product was the same color and style as the picture. Better in person than what I thought it would be. Havent given it to my 4 year old- because it is part of her birthday gift- but I think she will love it! Price for a PUMA Jacket was awesome too!
B00C7MQI2S PUMA Girls Colorblock Track Jacket, Raspberry Rose, 4 Great spring jacket! Fits my 3 1/2 yr old perfectly! Love the color and goes great with jeans. Highly recommended!
B00C7MVJEU Puma hoodie We bought this hoodie to go with the pants for my 3 y/o to wear.  She loves the outfit and it looks really cute.
B00C7MVJEU very nice and warm My daughter is happy to wear it.  She feels warm and it fits nicely.  It dries quickly.  I use it when she is out of the pool.
B00C7MVJEU Adorable Xmas gift for my great niece, and it's adorable! Colors are bright, fitted nice and she looked so cute in it..
B00C7MVJEU Ehh , not the best but it's cute The material isn't what I expected, I thought it was cotton but I'm still very pleased with it, it's more silky than cotton
B00C7MVPZS Five Stars very cute! fits well
B00C7MYLHW super cute I like them wish they were more softer but my daughter loves them so that all that really matters so I'm happy
B00C7MYLHW Five Stars cute
B00C7MYLHW Five Stars It is perfect
B00C7MZRZW didnt like the material i bought these for my daughter who is in a wheelchair, they are too bulky for her to wear and be comfortable in her chair, i didnt like the material, they snag very easy, for someone who isnt in a wheelchair they might be fine.
B00C7MZRZW Awsome I bought this hoodie with the matching pants for my 3 y/o daughter.  My daughter absolutely loves this outfit.  its fits nice and seems to be of good quality.  this product arrived on time and was a decent value.  I'd order from this company again.
B00C7OEL4I Cute top Helped with Christmas shopping.  On Amazon, I found great buys for grandchildren's needed gifts.  However, could have used better selection.
B00C7OEL4I Great deal; great style; and price was right This is a definite Puma Product; I love their style for both of my girls ages 2 and 5. I bought this in a 2T. Fits great and has a little room which is what I was hoping for bc I bought this for Spring..Packaging was great and came right on time..Will be purchasing more of these shirts.
B00C7OJJIG Purchased two of these! This article of clothing was so well rec'd by my granddaughter I bought another.  The fit was excellent.  She like the feel and comfort.
B00C7OJJIG Real nice material and style My daughter is real happy with this. Very comfortable and it is very soft with the material nice to have
B00C7OJMBU Very Cute My daughter looks great in this and it fits wonderfu.  The material is very soft and comfortable.  I would buy this product again.
B00C7OJMBU Matches her purple Puma Pants perfectly! We got some Puma pants for Christmas and I wanted to find a shirt to go with them, well stumbled upon this and its perfect!
B00C7OJMBU Puma Girls 5 is a  perfect fit.My Grand loves this shirt. Fits perfectly and looks so good with her jeans.  I would always recommend Puma clothes for kids to my friends.
B00C7OJMBU Granddaughter loves Puma! She loves the color, very cool and fits well. Very satisfied with brand. Long sleeves are nice as she lives in northeast.
B00C7OJMBU good excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommend
B00C7OJMBU I'll recommend it 100% Looks nice. Easy care. Good quality. I like it on my daughter very much. 100% cotton. Nice colors. I recommend it.
B00C7OK6YC Granddaughter loves this top Puma is a well established brand. My granddaughter loved the color and fit. Another great find on Amazon. Very satisfied.
B00C7OK8WM look great on grand daughter Love how these look on grand daughter.  She is only 71/2 but sure does know when her friends like what she is wearing!!
B00C7OK8WM Great birthday gift for granddaughter These yoga pants fit my granddaughter perfectly and she says they are very comfortable. She was very pleased with them.
B00C7OL420 very nice and cute!!! Super jacket, very stylish!  We took a size 4 years 5 years old, sat on the margin. Advise,  excellent!! Ok!
B00C7OLBV4 TOO CUTE! She loves them (paired with the colorful jacket)! Very cute and stylish...of course you can't go wrong with &#34;princess pink.&#34;
B00C7QAJ4W Love these!! Great print that is very stylish - - - will be perfect for running and yoga. P U M A Rocks!
B00C7VDWJQ Love, Love, Love I love this hoodie and it is so comfy and soft to wear. I will be purchasing more hoodies soon!
B00C7VGFN6 Handsome, Well Fitting Tee! My grandson received this shirt for Christmas and is extremely pleased.  He looks GOOD in it and is very happy with the fact that it is long.  It seems to be tapered and remains close to his body without clinging.  It is a pleasure to look at him!
B00C7VHPY4 i like it its warm. seems good, and feels great. recommended for u guys. good for winter tho I'm in california. careful when wash.
B00C7VHPY4 soft and warm Son loves this jackey. It is true to size and soft and warm. Fur is thick and so, so soft. Ordering one for older son as well.
B00C7VHPY4 Super comfy Purchased this off Deal for my hubby. It fits as expected and he loves how comfy it is...even our cat prefers it when resting on his shoulders :-)
B00C7VHPY4 Wow Perfect hoodie for the cool/ cold weather. The best hoodie I purchased in a long time. I would recommend to anyone.
B00C7VHPY4 Best Hoodie Ever!! (XXL Black) Purchased a blue one in 2013 and LOVED it but was somehow ruined in the laundry machine. I loved it so much that i bought another this year. Looking to take care of this one. Great Hoodie! very warm and comfortable.
B00C7VHPY4 Comfortable and warmer than expected. Very comfortable and thickly lined.  Walked around outside yesterday evening in DFW for about 5 minutes in  a t-shirt and this Puma jacket with the temp at 32F and it held off the cold.
B00C7VHPY4 Very Very Warm Hoodie I purchased this hoodie to use for the gym during winter and I must say I am blown away by how warm it is. The material is also very soft and feels good on the skin. This hoodie is much better and warmer than my under armour storm hoodie. Puma outdid themselves with this great hoodie.
B00C7VHPY4 Solid Jacket but Overpriced I purchased this jacket as part of a lighting deal during the week of Black Friday @50% off ($37.50), which was a good value. However, at full price, I'm not sure I would have made the purchase.While the fit of this jacket is just right for the torso and sleeves, I found the hood to be a bit small - it pulls down on my head when I'm walking with my arms down. Otherwise, it's very comfortable to wear, even when used for layering. Feels nice to lounge around the apartment in this too.The jacket is sufficient on its own in 50F weather, but for lower temperatures, I would suggest wearing another layer. I wear a light to medium thick coat over this in 10F weather (Illinois) and I'm very warm. The combo could probably withstand lower temperatures, but I hope it doesn't come to that! The hood is also quite capable of keeping my ears warm despite the low temperature and wind.While the chest and hood are lined with the Sherpa material, the sleeves are not. Please keep this in mind if this is important to you. This is not a problem for me; I regularly wear a short sleeved T-shirt underneath and my arms feel fine. The lack of lining actually helps with getting the jacket on or off if you're wearing a long sleeved shirt or sweater underneath.The jacket is also very low maintenance. It's machine washable; none of the lining came off after washing, and it didn't shrink either.Overall, 4/5 stars - minus one star because it's too pricey if it's not on sale.
B00C7VHPY4 Good Buy I got this for my boyfriend. The inside of the jacket is extremely soft! He likes the fit and style. I like how cozy it is when we cuddle. Good buy. Good price.
B00C7VHPY4 Very Warm This is a very high quality hoodie. The Sherpa lining is in the body and hood. No Sherpa lining in the sleeves. I'm 5'10&#34; 150 lbs and the large fit great.
B00C7VHPY4 Best Black Friday Purchase This is an awesome jacket, when i first got it i wore it around everywhere, the interior is so soft that people actually reach out and touch it. I live in Colorado and I have taken this jacket skiing, hiking, and promenading all  with great success. The jacket is definitely an investment at the listed price, and I bought it on sale not knowing what to expect but let me just say it was well worth it.
B00C7VHPY4 Comfortable and Warm! Purchased for my brother for Christmas and he absolutely loves it!  He said it's the most comfortable gossip he has owned. He has been wearing it for a week straight. Based on his feedback I ordered one for myself!
B00C7VHPY4 Simply OK - Buy a lint roller I bought this on a lightening deal and if it was not on sale, I'd have returned it back.Reason is because it attracts a lot of lint and it's a pain to keep it clean.Looks good., (not sharp) and is very comfortable
B00C7VHPY4 Very Comfortable Soft, Warm, and Comfortable. My new favorite hoodie because the material is softer very flexible than other hoodies I've purchased.
B00C7VHPY4 It's a winner! I spent more time than I'd care to admit looking for a front opening, hooded sweat shirt that wouldn't shrink three sizes when washed and wasn't covered with advertising.  I have purchased several Puma sweat shirts and pants in the past and have always been pleased.  They fit.  They don't shrink (much).  The cuffs and waist bands work as intended.  There are many brand names that would do well by following Puma's lead.
B00C7VHPY4 Best product for the price This fits perfectly and can withstand subzero temperatures. I wore this a five minute walk in 32F temperature and didn't feel cold at all.  Selections could have been better. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to buy a dependable hoodie with a comfortable price tag.
B00C7VHPY4 Fits nice, warm Fits just right. Sherpa lining keeps you warm. Looks pretty good. I really like the way puma styles things. Yes the Sherpa lining doesn't go to the arms, but that's ok with me. I don't really notice it too much.
B00C7VHPY4 Awesome Hooded This hooded is awesome it is very well made and quite heavy in materials .it will keep you very warm on the coldest days and quite stylish.I highly recommend this hooded it is awesome jacket.
B00C92ZEHG LOVE!! Love this jacket, it fits the little boy I bought it for to a T! Would buy more products of this sort again!
B00C943QDS Absolutely Adorable! Shipping was pretty quick and the jacket is SO cute!! I would recommend this! Only weird thing was I paid like 15 for this and the day after I received it the price jumped to 32 on the site! Not sure why..
B00C943U8Y it is good! this jacket is fitting perfect, I really like it :)  people are complimenting it everyday!! I feel like I can wear it everyday
B00C9CRJAG perfect gift I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter.  She had requested it on her wish list.  She loved it.  It fit her perfectly and since then, I have seen her wear it several times.  I am very happy with this purchase.
B00C9CRQCW Aweome! Love these leggings!  I use them for working out and for just hanging around the house.  I'm rather tall, so they are a little capri-esque but they still totally work and are super cute.
B00C9CRQCW great Legging Perfect fit and high quality.  Love the stripe, very flattering, slender silhouette.  Great waist band, no roll or slip. Puma never disappoints!
B00C9CRQCW they are not the best for working out-the material doesn't wick sweat Very cute, I got several compliments on these. However, they are not the best for working out-the material doesn't wick sweat.
B00C9CRQCW Encouragement to work out These are not like lycra or spandex, they are breathable but still tight and don't stretch out. The color is so true and hasn't faded after many washes :) I suggest if you are looking for some fun clothes to make you want to work out these are worth the money.EA
B00C9CRQCW Thanks puma Good product and my wife it's happy with the animal print design Could be shipper and may be We can get more than one
B00C9CRQCW Too small, but it's motivation to work out! I've bought x-larges that were too big before, so I was confident that this would be comfortably fit. I was wrong! But it just gives me motivation to work out more, now. I have them hung up on my wall so I have to look at them every day. SUPER cute, too!
B00C9CRQCW Stand Out! These leggings are my favorite.  People tend to be drawn to the pattern and I am always approached and asked where did I purchase.  They are so comfortable and complimentary to my physique.  I will definitely order another pair.
B00C9CRQCW Puma leggings Very cute spotted markings, but the material was too thin for a workout legging that I was going to use them for, so I returned them.
B00C9CUM46 Really great hoodie. My wife really loved it.  She normally a XS in most brands.  The XS was REALLY fitted.  She was able to put it on, but since it was so snug, it was a little difficult to zip up.  Otherwise, it's a great design.  Looks very clean.
B00C9IT5WK Warm and Comfy! Thank goodness these came in today because it is FREEZING! They fit perfectly, I'm 5'9&#34; and 190lbs, they're a little snug up top but that has nothing to do with the pants--that would be my uhm..err..winter pudge. But the pants are great, warm as heck! Long too, I never find pants long enough but these are just the right length, haven't washed them yet but so far so good.
B00C9IT5WK Very warm and comfortable Wish they made them in Plus Size too as a lot of friends love the way they look on me
B00C9IT5WK Great Pants!! These pants are awesome. They are soft and very comfortable. Love the logo and that they have pockets. The pricing is good, i got mine on sale for $19.99.
B00C9IYCWI not good enough it looks good when I just bought it but after I washed it, it changed and became like if I had it for many years.
B00C9KJUH8 great Good, very loving, fabric is also good, my wife feel very appropriate, this is a great clothes. Thank you very much
B00C9KJUH8 Just right! Bought it for my wife, she is a newbie runner.Since we live in Costa Rica she goes to run in the low 70s the lowest, she loved it! She said she felt warm enough but not hot at any moment and the wind didn't bother her.It is pretty light actually hard to believe it is one this fast dry fabrics but it is!
B00CAJR2NW Five Stars My four year old likes the shoes and we get compliments on them constantly!
B00CAJR2NW love it very nice and comfy and also very light was impressed ... definitely going to get more of the same brand.
B00CAJRVII will always buy pumas My baby boy can't tie his shoes yet so these are the perfect compromise on some sporty yet practical sneakers. He thinks he is the man in these......
B00CAJRVII Perfect Shoes for toddlers My 4 year granddaughter loves these shoes that we just keep buying them!!! These are her favorites!!!! She grabs them always!!
B00CAJRVII Five Stars perfect!
B00CAJSUKG ... was the floor model so it was a bit dirty on the white but we took care of it It was the floor model so it was a bit dirty on the white but we took care of it. cleaned up nice.
B00CAJT9OW Five Stars My granddaughter loved them but outgrew them quickly.  Very cute shoe!
B00CAJUT96 Not For Hiking I'm still breaking them in, and they've given me blisters after one wear. Other than that, they're comfortable, but there's really nothing to these shoes. Because of that, I WOULD NOT recommend them for hiking, as they have NO SUPPORT whatsoever. One wrong step on a rock or root, and you'll regret wearing these on the trail.Once they're broken in a bit more, I assume they'll be fine for around town.
B00CAJXM0Y the back is too high A little loose for the size but it is not bad having more room for socks. However, the back digs into ankle which makes it uncomfortable.
B00CAJXZTM pretty in pink Okay wife loves her pink pumas happy wife happy life looking forward to more styles and more pink. Good purchase
B00CAJZ8YM Five Stars Good product!
B00CAJZDHY Sleek Tomato Runner Love the light weight, well cushioned feel of this shoe...Great Summer running shoe with the mesh foot design..I normally wear a 10M and decided to get a 10.5....Glad I did, because it fit like a 10.  About to go out and experience the feel of it once it hit the blacktop. Love the way all of my Puma's feel during my runs...I keep coming back to them!!
B00CAK17KU Well if you like double look You would get that attention you looking for and all the ladies like to see me in my uniform with the Puma. rooaaaar to the ladies meow lol
B00CAK2GAA Best buy It was an excellent purchase, the exact size, nice price, prompt delivery and good material, my 8 year old daughter loves it, it is comfortable and very pretty.
B00CAK2GAA Daughter Loves These Sneakers My daughter loves these. The color is true to the picture. Comfortable and fun sneaker. I would definitely purchase this item again.
B00CAK38DY Four Stars Limited selection of widths
B00CAK48O2 Love it. Love the colors representing the Subaru Global Rallycross. Shoe looks,  fits and feels comfortable. Glad to have add this my collection!
B00CAK5B0M They feel great! I'm happy with how they feel. They are very comfortable and I'm sure they are going to last a few months. Light as a feather!
B00CAK5SHS I do like them! As with many pumas though, the toe pocket feels a little funny. Overall a great shoe The chamber for the toes is a little funny. I can't quite describe how it is. Perhaps small, but predominantly over the roof more than the width of the toes.But it hasn't posed any problems over the roughly 80 miles I've gone on the shoes since purchase, at the relatively minor 1-4miles at a time that I've been running.
B00CAK67V4 Underwhelming Very cheap looking and the glitter is a lot more flashy than I would like. Maybe I would have kept them if they were 20-30 dollars.
B00CAK6FVQ Good shoe great price. I am always happy with Amazon purchases. They look over all the merchandise and I feel safe to buy because of the no hassle returns. After 10 years I have returned only once.
B00CAK6FVQ Great Excellent product, I have to wear walking boot, after ankle surgery, and it's perfect for my balance, plus very comfy
B00CAK6FVQ read reviews I read the reviews which were helpful.  I can wear 8 or 8.5 and veered towards the larger which was a great recommendation.
B00CAK6FVQ PUMA Women Roma Slim Stacked Lace-UP At first I was skeptical ordering these because of the platform style, but for the price decided to try it out and so happy I did.  They are so comfortable and soft.  Love the stacked heel which gives makes it even more comfortable.  Love them to wear with jeans going out shopping or for casual dinning.Now considering getting them in other colors as well
B00CAK7S9E Perfect Soccer Cleat It looks good and perfect for playing soccer. I played with it yesterday ,it fits well and easy to run with on grass.
B00CAK7X6C Most comfortable, featherweight shoes I've ever experienced Warning! These are NOT everyday shoes. They are correct in describing them as a fashion sneaker. They are slightly thicker than a handkerchief at best, but that attributes to the feel of your feet being wrapped in velvet which makes these $100 shoes totally worth it. Nice and Spartan looking, not too European, not too over the top and bound to make a subtle statement in RED.I would maybe wear these to the gym doing light workouts and possibly low to medium speeds on the treadmill. That's about all I perceive them holding up to within reason, but certainly am not meaning to knock them for being otherwise very well-made.The magic of these shoes and ultimately the selling point so far for me is the ability to make my feet feel almost better than they would be when bare, which is a tough feat (pun intended) to pull off.I hope and perceive these lasting a long time with the proper usage.Nicely done, Puma.
B00CAK9QPS A bit tight It took a week of wearing them around the house to stretch them out but they should work out great now
B00CAKANUA Very sharp These shoes are very nice and I get compliments every where that I go! They get dirty very easy and are not good to where in wet conditions! I would recommend them to everyone!
B00CAKCQSW Four Stars Love these shoes!
B00CAKELQC Super comfortable, super lite This shoe is a real hybrid between a cross-trainer and a boot. It's lighter than almost any other shoe I have including other Puma's. The tread design seems very aggressive and well suited for un-even terrain. but un-like other hikers I have had, it sticks really well to slick and wet surfaces. Even though it appears to have a bit of a heel rise, my foot lays very level in these. So far the materials seem to be very durable despite the light weight. Abrassion and stain resistance is great. The only complaint is that they don't breathe quite enough; after a full day of wear, my feet get a little hot.Overall, these are a premium lite hiker/walking boot that are a great value and feel really good on my feet.
B00CE6P0H6 Beautiful ! Yet a bit small The color was perfect! But is a bit smaller than i think, 15inch mac pc enters nicely, tho apart from that if i am not using it for a lot of things it's nice
B00CE6P0H6 Puma Archetype Backpack A simple and well made backpack.  Nice and bright.  I bought it for work, where I need to have Hi-Vis clothing on at all times.
B00CE6P4UY PUMA Men's Conductor Backpack Looks nice and should be a very sturdy backpack.  Great price for a PUMA product.  Very pleased so far with the purchase.
B00CE6P7BA My Son Loves It. It  got here quickly and looked just as we'd expected. He's not particularly careful with things, being 14, but this seems to be holding up to being dragged to school, football practice...left on the floor of the car and getting stepped on by the others...Nothing to complain about here.
B00CE6P7OW Great bag at a good price! I love it! Works fine for the past 3 or so months! Lots of compartments which is great for storing lots of stuff, and most importantly, it's able to handle the weight of any of the stuff I carry in it!
B00CE6P7OW Bomfortable Backpack It does seem to be a bit bigger than what you would expect, but you get really used to it. Not to mention that its comfortable to carry and stylish.
B00CE7FGWY I'm love it! Backpack arrived in just a day with no problems. It looks great and has a good amount of space inside to hold my laptop and school books.Pros:arrived fastlooks greatgood amount of spacenobody else has oneCons:material feels kinda cheapunique design on bottom does not allow to be set on floorOther than that I say this is a great buy and i will definitely buy another in the future.
B00CE8R6BC Great IPAD case I use this product for my ipad and it holds it just fine with a back pocket to hold charger I don't know why people don't like it wake up your not going to lug around the kitchen sink in this bag its a TOTE not an all purpose field back pack.
B00CE8R6BC great we ordered for our dad who loves sport and is practical with great colors and shape is easy to use
B00CE8R7SY PUMA- My new favorite Handbag! Very well made and stylish, arrived as specified and most definitely would purchase similar products in the future.  I've been using this bag for a couple moths and still looks new. I will recommend to friends and family for sure.
B00CEVRH6S My Grandson My grandson was so happy to get these shorts, He loves Soccer.and the shorts fit it great. Nice and light weight
B00CFF5XCS Cute pants These pants are really cute on my 3 y/o and she loves the color and style.  We bought them to go with a Puma pullover hoodie.
B00CFF5XCS Cute little yoga pants! Our granddaughter is on the high end of the curve.  The yoga pants are perfect for her size.  Goes great with the hoodie!
B00CFF5XCS Five Stars love
B00CFF5XCS Great pants for kids My daughter loves these pants. The fit is perfect and even though my daughter has a petite waist, the pants still stay up without any troubles.
B00CFF5XCS PUMA Girls 2-6X Little Girl Yoga Pant Even though my 3.5 yr. old is 39.25 inches tall I knew these would run long and a little big on her.  I hoping they'll shrink a bit after washing and I can always fold over the top.  They tend to come undone when folding up the hems.  I love these pants none-the-less.
B00CFF5XCS PUMA Girls 2-6X Contrast Waistband Yoga Pant Got these for my daughter so shed have more gymnastic type pants and pants to wear over her gymnatic outfits. works great very comfortable soft fabric she loves em
B00CFF62QY fits well like it ok.. didnt match sweats i ordered with it so wont use them... kinda a drag, and wont use it
B00CFF6E44 so cute! These leggings are so cute.  I anticipate my toddler will be wearing them a lot.  I would recommend them to anyone
B00CHLLPMW Nice and bright The socks seem a bit thin, but have done fine with wash and wear. Overall they fit well and the colors are great!
B00CIGIQPA Just what I wanted They are really cute and i like that you get a choice of laces to use. They are very light too and comfortable.
B00CJ5PG1C Spacious. This carrysack can carry a lot of luggage.Sadly being a short person, the strings are too long and will often sag too low for me.
B00CJ5PG1C Solid bag, perfect for gym. This sack was large enough for clothes and size 11.5 shoes. Feels very durable, unlike some of those flimsy carry sack bags they give away at promotional events. Quality item from Puma, even has a separate inner pouch for my keys, wallet, phone, etc.
B00CJ5PG1C Knick Knack Paddy Whack, get yourself a Carrysack! Quite a large duffle bag. Simple and appears to be holding up well thus far (I throw gym clothes in it 2-3 times a week, and used it to throw stuff in while out of town (instead of a satchel/murse). I haven't washed it yet, so only time will tell how durable it is.
B00CJ89SCM Happy, Happy kid! This was a gift for a little girl , who suddenly became cold every day so she could wear  her new jacket to lunch to bed to everywhere and marinara sauce washed right out of it.
B00CJ89SCM My daughter loves this I had an order for 10-year-old daughter.She likes pink~I bought pants and tops,  I like both!Also My daughter loves this
B00CJ89SCM Perfect Granddaughter wears it daily.  Loves it.  Have to beg her to let mom wash it.  Again I hit the jackpot with a gift.
B00CJA382Q Nice Bought as part of a put together outfit for my grandson for Christmas. He loves it and wears it all the time.
B00CJA3BEG My grandson loved it. This (and some puma workout pants) were the only items of clothing that my 'husky' 11 yr old grandson loved this Christmas.  He wore them 3 days straight.  I'd say they are a success.
B00CJRPPIO very pleased 11 year old daughter loves them, fit great, wash up well, modest coverage for phys ed class... Keeps parents happy too!
B00CLTXJ74 Nice like all Puma It fits nice, beautiful and comfortable, i recommend this item. I love Puma for gym, relax and yoga. Good one!
B00CM3EH3Y for a sporty look. material was more lighter than expected, but nice athletic look.  my granddaughter takes gymnastics and she liked it. I wish it was a little heavier for cooler weather.
B00CMODF2C good purchase It is Very cute. It has light material and perfect for summer.  Will match her puma sweat pants very well.
B00CMODF2C I would buy it...just go up a size This shirt was so.tiny. I bought it for my niece and she was only able to.wear it a time or two. If I were to buy it again I would go up 2 sizes. Color did stay true thru washing
B00CMODOMI gift  for  grand daughter grand daughter  likes it fits  well  keeps  her  warm I would  get  another one  when  she  out grows  this  one
B00CMODOMI Cute hoodie for our granddaughter. New I'd have to buy a bit larger for our plump little girl.  This fit perfectly. Goes great with the yoga pants.
B00CMODOMI Five Stars I like it
B00CMODOMI Hoodie This hoodie was super silky on the outside and was very shiny was my daughter enjoyed. The pink color was very vibrant and the hoodie was warm.
B00CMOE9WC perfect looks so cute on my 2 1/2 year old daughter especially with her PUMA sneakers! i would recommend this top.!
B00CMOE9WC Worth the price Bought for my daughter fits nicely.  Got exactly what was described. Cant think of anything that was wrong with it. It was in perfect condition.
B00CMOEJOA Best sweater for a 4yr old. It's a little big but I ordered it that way, so my daughter can wear it longer! She's loves it & material is awesome
B00CMOEJOA Puma Toddler Hoodie This is a super cute hoodie however the material lends itself to collecting all sorts of lint.  It was covered in lint the first time I washed it.  You need to wash it inside out in cold water.  I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the material it is made out of.
B00CMOEJOA Cute Cute sweatshirt for my four yr old daughter. I like the color and it fits perfect. 4 stars were given rather than 5 because the zipper doesn't always seem like its going to go smoothly.
B00CMOF10G cute They look oh so cute on my soon to be two year old. Bought them for her new gymnastics class.Just wish for different colors.
B00CMOF10G Perfect It Fits perfectly with room to grow cause its nice and stretchy, my daughter loves sporty comfy clothing and she lovesthese pants
B00CN5B73O Daughter loves it The material is a soft, medium weight blend.  My daughter has worn this numerous times and the fabric/stitching has held up through repeated washes. I'm pleased with this set.
B00CN5B73O My daughter Loves this outfit Fits really well, I wish the pants legs were a little wider, but their soft and my 2 year old loves this outfit, so who cares what I think..
B00CN5B73O Love it! It is darling! And well worth the price! My granddaughter looks so cute in it!! My granddaughter wears a 5 and the 5 fit perfect!
B00CN5B73O ok all is good, i think puma is better than other brands in sport clothes and because i choose it ,
B00CN5B73O love puma I love this we got a purple and blue one as well and matching shoes for both she looks adorable sporting it off
B00CN5B73O Sporty and cute The size 4 fit my petite 4 year old perfect.  She wants to look &#34;awesome not cute&#34;, but I think this sweats outfit rides that fine balance well.  The material is thin, but that is fine as long as you are not looking for winter warmth.  It is perfect for layering as it does not add any bulk, and easy to put on before riding in car seat as again, too much bulk is not allowable in the car seat.
B00CN5B73O comfy My daughter loves to be comfortable this is perfect for a fall or spring morning matched with a nice tank underneath for when it warms up outside, definitely recommended for everyone especially the picky kids
B00CN5B73O nice looking but faulty zipper I bought this outfit for my granddaughter and she wore it a few timesbut the zipper was incredibly hard to operate.  It doesn't work at alland I just read the return policy - they only give you 30 days!Having never had to return anything through amazon beforeI am very disappointed - what if I had saved this as a Christmas gift?anyway, i'll read return policies before purchasing and am suremy shopping through amazon will be much less ! Department storepolicies are much fairer when you get faulty merchandise!!!
B00CN5B73O NICE SET sET IS VERY nice. quality good, fits well. my girl likes it.top and pants match same size and if you have toher cloth from puma you can mix and match
B00CN5B73O Great outfit Adorable and at a great price! Legs are a bit long but you can just roll them once- I figure its better than being too short
B00CN5B73O Cute & comfy!! Fit perfect. Daughter is tall & thin and have a hard time with these style outfits fitting well and this is adorable on her!
B00CN5B73O funny shape It was a weird fit I liked the colors but the pants were a little funny shape the legs had no room in them but had looked stretched out
B00CN5B73O Nice The pants are too short for my daughter, but the hoodie fits ideally. I have to buy a larger pants.
B00CN5B73O Relatively thin This brand is good, but the hand clothes feel too thin, in the autumn wind, if some words, daughter of PE class will feel cold.
B00CN5B8BA Very cute track suit, pants a little long This is an adorable tracksuit, exactly as pictured.  It is well-constructed, and the colors are very vibrant.  My daughter is a tall 2.5 year old, so I purchase her shirts in 3T.  The jacket is a perfect fit, but the pants are a little long.  I'll probably have to put in a temporary hem, unless she has a sudden growth spurt.  Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.  So adorable!
B00CN5B8BA MOM LOVES IT! This was a gift  for my 2-year-old granddaughter.  Her mom loves it.  It fits perfectly and is nice and comfortable for cool days and trips to the store or shopping.
B00CN5B8BA soft and warm Great little outfit for the Fall months that are usually windy and chilly breezes. My granddaughter liked how soft it was.
B00CN5B8BA Awesome outfit Fits great on my Daughter. She looks good when she goes to gymnastics. I am super happy with this outfit.
B00CN5B8BA Puma kids When we washed the Puma kids jacket and pants, it shrunk ...  I was a little disppointed that it did that....
B00CN5B8BA LOVE THIS My 2 year-old daughter gets compliments every time she wears this outfit. It is super light and cute. I am going to buy more.
B00CN5B8BA excellent product Fits my daughter like a glove. Great quality. well made & designed. I only wish there were more colors to choose from. I would definitely purchase more.
B00CN5B8BA perfect This is the cutest little outfit. My daughter wears this to soccer practice and it works perfectly! Wish I had bought another one!
B00CN5B8BA Cute! My daughter is obsessed with light jackets.  She keeps them on all day in school which is great for most winter days in California.  Cute jacket , nice colors. I also bought the black/pink one :)
B00CN5B8BA Great! Great comfy outfit for active child.Fast shipping. I would definitely purchase similar products again for myself and kids! Highly satisfied!
B00CN5B8BA Thrilled little girl. Granddaughter thrilled. Her mommy does mini marathons and GD is going to run her first race soon. Her comment when opened gift--I can wear it in my race!  A hit for sure.
B00CN5B8BA Great toddler sweats I bought a set of these for my 2 year old who is a little taller than most 2 year olds and they were way too small.  I upped the order to a 5 and they fit slightly big but they will last her at least until the summer.  They are well constructed and wear well.  the zipper is easy for parents and easy for  learning children to zip.  There is plenty of room for movement and my daughter loves wearing hers.
B00CN5B8BA Looks so cute on our daughter! It fits just like other 3t clothes but I would buy a size bigger if your child is taller or heavier then the average three year old. I can see that this outfit will only last through the winter months because it is so fitted but we are happy with it.
B00CN5B8BA Cute Tracksuit It was so brightly colored and perfectly sized !  Very happy with it and the price was just perfect too!
B00CN5BG9Y 5 yr old outfit this is the perfect outfit for a 5yr old girl. The material is easy to wash and hang drys very quickly. The outift is a cute perfect grab out of the closet on the run everyday attire.
B00CN5BG9Y REGRETS this is the ONLY outfit i bought my granddaughter for christmas that NEVER gets worn.  i dont like it, she doesnt like it... anyone want it? size 3 never worn... well once.  it seems well made... dont like though...
B00CN5BG9Y PUMA Girls 2-6X Little Front Pieced Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set cute, well made, nice bright colors! perfect for my daughters swim, gymnastic and dance class over wear! zipper gets stuck a bit so 4 stars!
B00CN5BG9Y Five Stars I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE, AND MY DAUGHTER TOO
B00CN5BG9Y Sweet sweats! Nice track suit for the 3 year old. True to size and something that you can layer with for cold winter days.
B00CN5BG9Y Cute sports complex for girls Excellent product too flirty for girls. I highly excellent quality. Buy a size 6 for a 5 year old girl and although long Was a little big I think it's great because you can enjoy more whole.
B00CN5BG9Y Super Cute This was delivered on time and looks like the picture (maybe better!). We are Vikings fans and our daughter will definitely love the outfit. It will go great with her purple and yellow nail polish! Great price too ($14).
B00CN5BG9Y Pink Puma Toddler Set Ordered this for my granddaughter who is big in to everything pink right now.  Great quality merchandise that I know she will enjoy this winter.
B00CN5BG9Y comment The outfit was fit perfect before it was washed but after first wash, it got shrunk more thanI expect.
B00CN5BG9Y not for the winter.... too thin My daughter is 3 ft 3 inches tall weighs 38 lbs at 39 months old. The top is a little too tight and pants is about 3 inches too long. If I could I would get a 6 for top and 4 for bottom but can't other then that items is ok and cute but not much of a winter type clothing.
B00CN5BG9Y track suit Love this track suit...it looks great, it launders well and it fits perfectly (however my grandchildren are slight)! Happy I bought it
B00CN5BRSE Wear them twice a week! My girls each have one of these, and they wear them all the time! They are comfy and cute. I wish we'd bought more than one set each!
B00CN5BRSE Looks well made and is cute! What can i say, it really looks well made and my kid likes it a lot.If you want your little one to sport a cute active look, go for it!
B00CN5BRSE Awesome outfit!! This a very cute and high quality outfit!  My daughter is 3 and she fits perfectly in the size 4.
B00CN5BRSE perfect the outfit came fast. It fits well and looks great. Colors are bright and cheerful. Both  the mom, my daughter, and the recipient, my grand daughter, love it.
B00CN5BRSE love the colour The outfit perfect great quality nice colour definitely my daughter will love it im thinking to by one more whith difference colour
B00CN5BWTI Bright & Bold This outfit is warm, comfortable and nice quality. Sd got several compliments on this outfit. It fit true to size.
B00CN5BWTI PRETTY IN PUMA My granddaughter Zoe , a fashion plate , just loves this outfit , it's cute and  comfortable  and it fits just right ,
B00CN5BWTI very satisfied customer Love it, looks great on granddaughter and lots of compliments! Would gladly order again from this store, very happy. :-*
B00CN5BWTI Cute but faded Faded more quickly than I would have preferred but is durable and cute.  My daughter lives the pattern and fit.
B00CN5C0RQ amazing! I would recommend this product to a friend my daughter loves it as do I.  Puma outfits are very cute!
B00CN5C0RQ Cute and Comfy So cute, comfy, and different! It's pretty true to size. The hoodie shrunk a bit so its a tad tight with a shirt underneath but overall right on.
B00CN5C0RQ adorable Cute!!!! I love colors and the fit is good! Washable and the material is nice. Well made and adorable!! Good buy!!
B00CN5C0RQ love it I was very happy with this. Its achirstmas gift for my 3 year. But i might have to return it for the next size bigger tho. So that she can ware it next year yet cause its so darn cute.i will orderfrom this seller again
B00CN5C0RQ It's Okay The product description says &#34;Kids Girls 2-6X&#34;, I bought for my niece who lives in Brazil and has only five years, but it was small.I thought it would be perfect to be 6 but it did not fit.
B00CN5C0RQ Pretty, carefull with the Size It's really pretty but the pants are for girls that are skinny. If not, you should  buy a cuple sizes more.
B00CN5C0RQ really cute outfit We have had this for a couple of months. Jacket fit perfect, pants a little to big. Did not shrink when washed or fade. Nice and warm jacket, just like a sweat shirt. Pants a little thinner but made well, like yoga pants. This outfit meet our expectations.
B00CN5CI9G not too bad the hoodie is some how tight  ,but the pant is too tall, I couldn't put them to my daughter both, this year she will enjoy the hoodie, next year she can use the pant
B00CN5CI9G So Pleased w this set This was a great deal,Material is soft to the touch. The colors are bright,And the price is good,too! Thank you!
B00CN5CI9G Cute set! I purchase this outfit for my 4 1/2 year old daughter and fit her perfect!! Good material, not too thin. Love the colors and the glitter in the jacket :)
B00CN5CI9G Love it Its light weight and comfortable which is great for my daughter with eczema. She loves it and wants to wear it daily.
B00CN5CI9G Puma outfit My little girl loves her puma outfit! She got it for an early Christmas gift! Thank you very much !
B00CN5CI9G So Pleased w this set This was a great deal and I love the material..I bought a 2T for my 2 yr old girl..fits great w a little room which is fine because I want it for her to wear this Spring..Great Packaging..super pleased!
B00CQG7B94 Not what I expected The material is a lot thinner than I expected.  I ordered a 3T but it fits more like a 2T.  Overall, it's still pretty cute though.
B00CQG7DRO My 5 year old love this outfit Very nice looking on, and the best part is my 5 year old loves getting dressed when this outfit is &#34;in sight&#34;. Recommend this outfit. It is not a warm outfit for winter, unless worn with a sweat jacket. Recommend for Spring time when weather is a bit warmer out.
B00CQG7HR0 Easy and Stylish I love this outfit it fits perfect and is very comfortable.  Do not wash with knits or it will pill!
B00CS0SQ2Y Great Experience Was worried it wouldn't come in time for Christmas but it did! the wallet was great quality and looked exaclty like the picture..
B00CTA4ARS No sliding Nice thickness and the top of the heel knob keeps the socks from sliding down into your shoe.
B00CWL2EWC Super Cute Looks better than I expected and is also higher than my other wedge sneakers but I can't wait to rock them.
B00CWL2EWC Best Buy Ever! I have always been a fan of Puma!! The wedge sneakers are to die for! Have them in several colors!! And these were perfect to add to my collection of wedges! A must buy!
B00CWL2EWC Love them .... A must Love the sneakers. Received many compliments and they are super comfortable.  I have delicate feet and not once was I in pain.
B00CWL2EWC Hot shies Love them very edgy fun shoes!!! They are actually very comfortable as well. They can go with any thing you want.
B00CWL2EWC love them~ Awesome sneakers, stylish and super comfortable.The colors are brilliant, dress any outfit up.I have walked miles in these, and will continue to do so.Get them you will not be disappointed.
B00CWL2EWC Absolutely Gorgeous These wedges are gorgeous which they could have come out years ago.  They make any outfit dressed up. I Love them
B00CXKDQ2O Well done and well padded Great for my son.loved the feel, the color and also the way it looked. Lenght is also great so we ensured it will be worn at least two seasons.
B00CZD0UJ6 Great This tank top is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B00CZD6K0E comment the tank top of Puma is very comfortable, I was looking for a similar tank top but of one only colour and the cat logo so I hope to find it soon.
B00D4KBE9E love it love itfitted greatlooks greatneeds to order some morehope they have different colours and more sizes for me
B00D4KBPOI NOT BAD shorts are not bad. maybe little bit narrow at the bottom. my son likes it. made from different fabric ,thicker kind so not flimsy.
B00D5NQQEI My son loves it Arrived on time. Nice fit. Well made. Colors are nice and bright. Matches the bookbag and shoes perfectly. My son loves it.
B00D9M4L6U its a excellent product no no regrets on this product! I bought it an was a little scared fisrt time i tried purchasing cloths on the net an it fits perfect i have a 40 waist an, i bought a large
B00D9M6O9M Very Comfortable Excellent to make exercise very comfortable, They are a little more bigger than other t shirts Puma I have, the fabric is very soft
B00DBDVDA4 NEW FAVORITES! These are my new favorite socks. Great thickness on the bottom and breathable on the top. Definitely recommend and everyday wear and athletic wear.
B00DBDVDA4 Great sport socks good cushioning
B00DBDVDA4 Perfect Comfortable, look nice, do their job well. Loving them. Probably going to order more, maybe in white too. Some of the best socks I've ever bought.
B00DBDVDA4 Great for running I bought these socks to be my all-purpose work out socks and they're definitely living up to my expectations. Great all-around low cut sock. Very breathable and snug but not too tightly fitting.
B00DBDVDA4 Husband Approved My husband loves Puma low cut socks. He's on his feet all day at work and these socks keep him comfortable. I always order socks similar to these whenever he's running low.
B00DBDVDA4 Cool Socks Just like the white ones and grey ones I bought, these socks are well ventilated with mesh tops and keep one's feet cool.  Great for the gym.
B00DBDZF3A very good value these socks are very well made and comfortable. they stay put on your foot and seem to take into account comfort in the area of articulation( on the top of your foot) at the ankle.
B00DBDZF3A and there is no annoying seam at the toe you know how you have to rotate and pull on most socks so the seam is not under the toe.These have no seam, and are my favorite socks ever!
B00DBDZF3A I love these socks I love these socks. They are comfortable and last a very long time. I destroy socks pretty quickly and I had a set of these I purchased half a year ago (average lifetime of a sock for me) and they are all still in great shape. I just bought more and threw away the rest of my socks that aren't Puma.
B00DBDZF3A comfy sox Deal
B00DBDZF3A One size does not fit all !!!!!! I purchased these socks on line because I own puma socks and they are great. These puma socks the elastic on top are way to tight and unforgiving. Had to give them to my son and he to is experiencing the same thing.
B00DBDZF3A Great great socks. I have these socks. They are realllllly nice. Great quality feeling material for sure.Fit: i am an 11.5 wide and they fit great. They have enough &#34;stay&#34; power so im not pulling them back up every 5 seconds thru out the day but not tight enough where it leaves a mark in my calf where its wrapped in.Purpose/Function: I wanted something to wick (sorry.... i got sweaty ass feet) and something that goes above where a standard boot would go.. and prevent any weird rubbing of the boot rim. These do great!Appearance: I actually really like the puma look.Only thing: My costco sells these for like $12 for 6 pair.. i think $24 is REALLLLLLLLY high for this!!I mean they sell these and the smaller no show ones at costco. Id shop elsewhere.
B00DBDZF3A Five Stars Thank you
B00DBDZF3A Love them! My boyfriend loves these socks.  He likes that they don't have flashy logos on the shaft.  He also likes how supportive and comfortable the sock is to ware.
B00DBDZF3A It Keeps You Runnin' My daughter sent me some Puma socks last Christmas and I love them so much, I ordered 12 more pairs!The Pumas provide firm support from my calves to my toes.They feel great during my weekly 10-mile runs.
B00DBDZF3A Four Stars Great socks but very tight fitting on calf
B00DBDZF3A Great as dress socks too -- limits sweat very well I have sweaty feet (...yup) but these socks help limit that issue. I bought these from puma because 4 or 5 years ago I bought similar ones and they're finally getting holey. These ones seem more durable, too. I wear these daily as dress socks even though they're meant for sports. Elastic isn't too tight like a similar pair of Nike socks I bought. These are the best socks on the market as far as I can tell.
B00DBDZF3A It's a sock I purchased some of these socks earlier and really like the fact that they stay in place and fit well.
B00DBDZF3A Buying More Now!!! Love them!!!! Fit great; not to hot & not too cold working out in the cold neither. Very good buy!
B00DDE5LZ4 Pants run a bit long This is a cute outfit. Pants were a bit big but he will grow into them, fits cute and looks just like photo ,
B00DDE5VZY Puma outfit This outfit fit perfectly. The colors were exactly as they were on the computer very old and pretty. Great ship time
B00DDE5VZY Great item My son love it and fits well. fast shipping. Five stars.Pants is a little bit longer than normal. But it is not a problem.Will purchase again.
B00DDE5VZY Excellent product My son wore it the next day and the day after that and totally likes it. I will buy again for cold weather.
B00DDE5VZY Very nice PerfectThe suit was very nice and the colour was just what I wanted also warm jacket with cap..the pants were nice
B00DDEDJ58 Beautiful but too small - 8 - 20 kids I probably should have ordered Men's; however, thought the 8-20 would cover it. It is a beautiful jacket for a reasonable price. I am just sorry that they did not offer it in Men's as well. I thought the X-Larger would fit. I was mistaken.
B00DFKM0AA Lovely material and looks great Although I was hesitant ordering a jacket for 100 dollars; the product when opened satisfied me to the fullest. The sleeves felt very smooth along with the body material which was slightly soft. The Ferrari logo on the left side stands out great, which receives a lot of comments whenever I wear it. The fit was nice as well.
B00DFKM0AA WOW! Too Sharp!!!! I received my jacket very fast and for the price this jacket is sharp. One of the best jackets that I have ever bought! I thought it might be small or not the right style but when I tried it on I didnt want to take it off. Can't wait to buy more Puma products from this site. Thanks for the great product and timely delivery!
B00DGOWDRA Super Cute! Our daughter gets compliments every time she wears it. Good quality for baby clothes and great colors. Arrived very quickly. Washes well.
B00DGQR2TM loved it! Easy and good service! gave as a Christmas gift and the family loved it! Cute outfit and comfortable for kids!
B00DHJQ39S Four Stars Fits great
B00DHJQ39S Five Stars Great.
B00DHJQ39S I'm in Love &lt;3. I got the pink ones. Everywhere I go, I get compliments. They fit perfectly- starting from the second I put them on. The shoes are sooo comfortable, and the quality of the material is top-notch. Not to mention that they're super easy to clean, waterproof (light rain, dew), and the grip on them is fantastic.Stunningly gorgeous.
B00DHJRKU4 Light weight for tireless round of golf. Unusual color that does not show mud stains. It is light weight, water tight and wide front for extra toe space.
B00DHJRMOI Five Stars These shoes are great
B00DHLGK6C We will return. I would definitely shop with them again.  My son lives his golf shoes & says he ready for the PGA tour.
B00DKMWO2W Gems fall off The gems that make up the detail fell off after the first wash even though I washed on hand wash cycle and onside out. Otherwise the sweatshirt is very cute and will serve its purpose
B00DKMWOW2 nice! Very nice quality!!  Wish there were matching track pants or yoga pants to go with this.  The logo is cute without being TOO flashy.
B00DKMWOW2 Excellent Excellent product, very bright colors. My daughter is 3 years old is thin and you could easily stay well durale one year. I regret not buying size 5
B00DNNO40I puma mens bioweb nice fit, comfortable, cool especially for the hot days ahead, light and cushioned, recommend it, i am a puma fan and have not gone wrong with it yet
B00DNNOCQE nothing better then comfy shoe's I wore these in Jr. High now I am 54 yrs old - who says you can't go back - ok at least my feet can
B00DNNOCQE Nice and as Pictured I got this as a present for Father's Day and fit perfect.  I would recommend these shoes and glad I got and on time.
B00DNNOCQE satisfied customer order for a friend of mine who was more than please with the itno complaints to report at all
B00DNNS6ZM Five Stars Nice
B00DNNS6ZM Five Stars Awesome
B00DNNS6ZM Puma Voltaic 5 Great buy, will shop again
B00DNNS6ZM Five Stars Thanks
B00DNNS6ZM Three Stars It's very nice!
B00DNNS6ZM Great sneaker! Great sneaker! Fits good, super comfortable and light. $15. dollars less than the Kohls website.I used these sneakers to workout, great choice!
B00DNNS6ZM Stylish and sleek Get lots of compliments. Use more as fashion sneakers than for running. Puma always puts out great, stylish looking shoes!
B00DNNSO4U What a fun shoe! Soft as a marshmallow and feather-weight  I am looking forward to throwing these in my suitcase and to taking them to Europe
B00DNNUQN2 Best Buy A perfect fit. Very comfortable. Excellent for walking. I bought the green and it is a beautiful shoe.
B00DNNWIHO Great sneakers They're comfy and light. The look is unique and the colors stand out. Lime green is my favorite color and these sneakers are my favorite.
B00DNNXIXW Five Stars Love these shoes, I use them for water shoes because of the rubber grip bottom. They work great!
B00DNNYHHI Nice and light.. I love these runners. I feel as though they are very lightweight, well constructed and form to my foot very well. I have no completes as yet and probably wont. Good overall and the colors are cool man.
B00DNNZEP2 Five Stars Love it
B00DNNZEP2 I will recommend to any one, great deal Perfect and constable , feel do good when walking or running and at my door with not charge can ask for more!
B00DNNZYZ2 Five Stars I love them..
B00DNNZYZ2 summer treat for your foot I was looking for light walking shoes that I can wear in gym or outisde during the summer, not all-weather sneakers.These one are light, comfortable, sexy motivation to enjoy walking more often.
B00DNNZYZ2 lovely very comfortable
B00DNO0QRC Five Stars We loved it and all the products we purchase
B00DOE8S9O Four Stars Product was as described
B00DOE8S9O shoes Brother loved them! They fit perfect and he liked them! He was pleased with what I purchased and he would buy next time
B00DOE8S9O Love puma's Love puma's cause there right between casual and classy there just simple light stylish but not flashy good everyday shoe, and for 40 dollars you just cant beat it.
B00DOE8S9O Great Great shoe, good looks and a comfortable fit. Arrived on time with no issues, although I did forget to use a 20% off discount code for new spring items...
B00DOE8S9O comfortable Very comfortable and easy to wear with confidence.
B00DOE8S9O Fun and stylish These are very comfortable for my medium wide foot and easy to clean to look new.
B00DOE8S9O Four Stars I liked it
B00DOEFG4Y Good shoes I have these in red that matches my MINI Cooper and they make me absolutely ridiculously happy when I wear them. But a fella can't wear red shoes every day. These are comfortable and look pretty sharp. Not walk for 10 miles in them comfortable, but for general everyday use, they are perfect.
B00DOEFG4Y Puma ! Very long for a 13, but not wide, very skinny. All an all fis pretty good other wise. Pretty much what you would expect &#128077;
B00DOEFG4Y Cool & casual These look great with a pair of nice jeans for that casual, cool look. I like to keep them looking new, so I don't wear mine in rain or snow.
B00DOEGVA2 Four Stars Fits well and is comfortable.
B00DOEGVA2 Can't go wrong with Puma! Comfortable and stylish!  Great price!
B00DOEOQRW Three Stars too tight on right toe
B00DOET8MA Five Stars So far very good..... Can't comment on durability yet.
B00DOFY482 I love Puma-Bmw stuffs !!! awesome..great product and great quality, I usually use 10 but this time I chose 11 and they fit me perfect..!!
B00DOFY482 Great buy Receive a lot of wows when getting out of my convertible blue BMW, I do recommend these flip flops. Great job Puma
B00DOFYPSG great shoes they look awesome in person, better than in the pic I think, they are super comfy.  My boyfriend loved them
B00DOG1Q96 Five Stars Very nice shoes ;)
B00DOG1Q96 Five Stars I just love it
B00DOG1Q96 Very stylish and fits very well Very stylish and fits very well..
B00DOG1Q96 Five Stars very good deal
B00DOG1Q96 EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED Bought this shoes as a gift. It came exactly as displayed in the photo. Looks amazing. Very nice mens shoe. A must have for all guys. Arrived on time. Excellent
B00DOG2KMS Five Stars The first time I saw it I loved it
B00DOG2KMS Ferrari sandals These look great. I ordered a size 11 like i normally would and they fit perfect. I also own some jordan sandals and the adidas sandals (very happy with both). I am looking forward to breaking these in to compare.
B00DOG2KMS Great Fits really well and are ever comfortable. They go great with anything you wear, I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
B00DOG2KMS Five Stars Thanks
B00DOG2KMS nice sandal fits as expected. item can as  described on the site. colour is a bit flashy. overall, I love the sandal.
B00DOG2KMS Great Soccer Sandal, AAA+++ The best, most comfortable soccer sandal I have ever come across, and I have owned every brand.  Once again, Puma never ceases to amaze me.  Add this to my 40+ Puma's.  So glad I bought these.  Great for around the house.  Highly recommend.=
B00DOG3UG8 Snazzy looking Steer clear if you have wide feet - If I had them in miniature I'd hang them from the rear-view mirror of my E46 M3 vert :-)
B00DOG4R2Y Five Stars Very sleek and stylish look.
B00DOG4R2Y Four Stars Look good
B00DOG4R2Y Satisfied Well I don't know personally, but I asked my 13 year old son and he loves them and says they're very comfortable.
B00DOJGZPI Evopower 3 are Great Cleats I had some old cleats that i was using but as soon as i bought this ones and switch i instally notice the difference they fit better the shots were with better accuracy totally worth it especially for the price.
B00DOJIBNW Five Stars They are really nice super light easy to run better
B00DOJIJMA Five Stars This are just that i need...
B00DOJIJMA Five Stars Very good thanks
B00DOJOGTU Four Stars Nice i like it
B00DOJOGTU Five Stars beautiful shoes, comfortable, nice colors, original model, I really liked
B00DOJQ0D0 Love them Beautiful shoes!
B00DOJQ0D0 it very nice. i bought what i choose it very nice . i bought what i choose. as the same on the picture. i recommend buying
B00DOL32BQ Great Shoes The turf shoes feel great. Just what I wanted for game play and dry days on the field when coaching.
B00DOL3Q0I Five Stars Extremely comfortable
B00DOPGFM0 nice jacket. fits fine.  thought it would be a thicker lining prob would not buy this for winter use but otherwise i like it.  color is great and it fits great
B00DOPGFM0 Soft and comfy Soft and comfy. Fits my 10 year old well.  Good for fall. Time will tell how it holds up to laundering
B00DOPGO3U Very nice This Jacket is very nice for boys.., i like it soo much.., veru good very good okokokok
B00DOPGO3U Love it!! Perfect fit!!!! Son loves to wear it!!!!!  Never wants to take it off!!! :)  Will definately have to get more!!!!
B00DOPGOU8 really good better than expected. widely recommended for teens aged 13 to 16 years old who go to the gym. for winter weather as the county definitely perfect
B00DOPGOU8 Perfect Fit This jacket is warm and comfortable and my son loves it and the way it fits him. Exactly what he was looking for.
B00DOPGOU8 Great buy This was  gift for our 8 year nephew. It's stylish and a good weight. Good value with this Amazon Prime buy.
B00DQNBPQQ IT WAS A GIFT IT was a giftThe four year old loved it,but I didn't see it.He can't wait to wear it and I am anxious to see it.
B00DQNT00E Fabric is soft and thick These pants are very soft and thick.  I also love that they are well made.  My only gripe is that my toddler son is lean, and the waist on these pants is a bit loose.  Still, my son loves them.
B00DQYMIQG Five Stars nice
B00DQYMIQG Five Stars EVERYTHING PERFECT
B00DQYYVAM Great shoes. Very comfortable. Great looking shoes and very comfortable. You can dress them up or down. Wish the &#34;italia&#34; word on the side was a little more noticeable.
B00DQYYVAM Comfortable shoes Nice looking shoes. Comfortable with slightly thin soles. The retro look is cool and they commemorate a great event in the history of the World Cup.
B00DQYYVAM everything good everything good
B00DQYYVAM Love them but they run a little big. These shoes are made really well.  They look great and are really comfortable.  The only complaint I have is that they run a little big.  I usually wear an 11 but I probably should have gotten a 10.5.  Not the end of the world and not a big enough problem that I'd return them.
B00DQYYVAM Love this model! It's always about personal taste, but this model is really good looking and fits great. I actually got the blue model as well.
B00DQYYVAM I would not recommend playing any form of indoor soccer in them as ... I would not recommend playing any form of indoor soccer in them as the sole is rather thin leaving little room between the floor and your feet, but aside from that I love them
B00DQZ2YD2 Five Stars Very comfortable
B00DQZ2YD2 Beautiful shoes and it was delivered extremely fast Everything good.. Shipping extremely fast.
B00DQZ2YD2 Four Stars Fast service good price
B00DR2EKTK Almost Perfect The bermuda shorts are great,  I like the fabric and the special details on the pockets.  The only negative side is my waistline.  I think it increased by 1/2 inch.
B00DR2G55C Five Stars excellent product
B00DROVK6E very nice It is like it is described... I ask for xxx-l but it is a somewhat smallThat is all.Regards
B00DRP15E0 Great looks Amazon is the only seller who charge reasonable duties, keep in mind.Nice polo but Puma always mess up the sizes. I always order LARGE but every it changes. It also needs more detailing on the back. After all its not a cheap buy.
B00DRTZIEO Love it, great! Love it, fits great. Quite soft, not too thick or thin, and wears very comfortably. Very chic design, right on the Ferrari-design line. Legs are not too loose, so looks very fit as well.Highly recommended!Update: so good that ordered another one.
B00DRU70CQ Very Nice I got this for my husband for his birthday.  He loves it! It fits great and it is made of quality material.
B00DRUBPF4 I Love(d) It This is a very nice tank. I like the idea of the mesh back, plus the colors are beautiful and nice/bright...right out of the box. Then you wash it once or twice and it starts to look worn. I loved this right out of the pack but now that it has faded a bit, we'll reduce that love to &#34;like&#34;.I would recommend it. I love that my back can breathe while I exercise, and I like the semi-fitted fit.
B00DRUGRAC Love my mesh Tee! It took me weeks to find this item once I started looking. I got a really good deal and love the way it looks and fits!
B00DS3QSO8 Very comfortable These are cheaper and more comfortable than my other kicks. I recommend to anyone who is looking for affordable good sneakers
B00DS5MAXO Good hoodie This hoodie arrived just as expected, looks just like the photo. Is super cute, good material. Warm, soft & comfie. My daughter loves it!!
B00DS5MFR0 Just what I needed Needed pants for my daughter as its getting cold out and she hates wearing jeans, this is a great alternative to regular old sweat pants.
B00DS6W6DW Pear Shape Perfection! I have a pear shape with thicker arms so, finding casual tshirts that cover the 25% of the hip without having to up-size and make you look larger than you really are, PUMA has pulled through! The cut is still feminine,  but NOT a baby doll top that's uncomfortable to wear at the gym...especially when you find yourself in a &#34;burpee&#34; or &#34;downward dog&#34; excercise. I always wanted to own some other PUMA apparel (aside from shoes) and I finally have what I want...and when I find something I like, I buy multiples - I own the black AND the white version. Wish there was more!!!
B00DT5PLMK love it Just love it. ..!! The perfect jersey for the best team in the world.perfect jearsey, puma is the best brand
B00DT5PLMK Great Item This item fits and looks great. It is much cheaper than the ones i saw at the Puma store. From the tags it seems like its authentic.
B00DT5PLMK Five Stars Excellent tshirt
B00DTUVLQK Five Stars My kids likes it.
B00DTW6UVY GREAT DESIGN NEED A RETURN
B00DTX8UR0 Great sneakers! I am very picky when it comes to sneakers, but this one is True to size and Very comfortable!  I highly recommend this!
B00DTX8UR0 Love Our son wears a 9 in Nikes and a 10 in Puma.  These shoes are SO SOFT.  I love them, and he loves that they are green like the Hulk.  He is two and can put them on by himself, so hurray for velcro.
B00DTX8UR0 Four Stars Great Shoe, my 26 month old loves it, easy on easy off!
B00DTZFZCQ Five Stars It's amazing how it looked
B00DTZFZCQ love love love them these are just amazing shoes. my baby boy loved them, and he is very picky about shoes. He instantly wanted to go outside and ride his bike. He kept jumping in them. He said they are very comfortable
B00DU0P368 Love these shoes. Super Stylish and tend to look clean even when they have scuff marks.  easy to clean and even after wearing around Disney theme parks, they still look like they are brand new.  We get lots of compliments on them - great spring / summer gym shoe.
B00DU0P368 Happy Mom These shoes are So Cute - Our daughter loves how they sparkle in the sunshine.  They fit perfect as well.
B00DU0P368 Five Stars My daughter loves it! She call it her shiny sneaker!
B00DU0P368 Great value These shoes are perfect for my 4yo daughter! They fit like a glove and the sparkle is perfect - not messy, which is what I was worried about. I will definitely be repurchasing these again.
B00DU0P368 much better than saucony i got these when my 2 year old walked into her kiddie pool for the second time with her saucony shoes one.  the puma's fit much better- are wider on her foot bed, velcro holds closed well and with the sparkles are even cuter.  not to mention $10 less.  will buy these in her next 2 sizes.
B00DU0P368 Sparkly!! Awesome little girl shoes! They are so cute and sparkly, my daughter cries when we take them off! $10 cheaper than our local shoe store.
B00DU0P368 Sooo glittery! My 2.5 yr old daughter loves them! They are sporty, and majorly sparkly!! She can get them off by herself which is a huge plus.
B00DU0P368 Great glitter shoes A big hit with our finicky girls. These are well made, seem pretty tough and have lots of style with all of the glitter. Just what I was looking for and I'm very glad I found them.
B00DUF6DWG pretty in pink these are so cute on my 7 yr old's feet.  she's extremely pick about shoes so when she gave these the go i did too.  hopefully the suede doesn't  damage or get dirty too easily.  once school starts i will see how durable they are.
B00DUGLEYM My son loves these My son loves these and finds them very comfortable.  He is very picky and won't wear anything he doesn't find comfortable and he has worn these every day since he first put them on.  He even told me that the kids at school complimented him on them!  Very pleased!  He is the youngest and gets lots of hand me downs, so I was very happy to give him something brand new that he really, really likes!
B00DUGLEYM nice shoes My grandson really likes his new shoes.  I got a real bargain on them.Thank you Amazon for the &#34;Lightening Deals&#34;.They are very nice looking too.
B00DUGLEYM Perfect Perfect fit and perfect price!! Shipped fast.
B00DUH976I excellent excellent. I LOVE IT
B00DUH976I Puma kicks Awsome shoes. They are a bit on the narrower side.  They run a bit smaller than converse shoes maybe a half size. Otherwise my son likes the fact they have no laces so they don't come untied when he plays.
B00DUL6J7Y Stylish! My son looks sharp in these shoes. We have received several complements on them. I plan to purchase the next size up too. Very cute!
B00DUL6J7Y Great Great show. Looks good on my son.  It goes with all type of clothing.  Will purchase again.  Thank you.  Appreciate it
B00DUL8BQQ puma girl I bought these for my 2year old niece to go with her puma outfit so cute they last a while true to size easy to put on and off
B00DUL8BQQ Singyeo my child should have a little bit bigger My child is not yet fit the size of theNext year will SingilThe design is clean.like my child  pretty shoe
B00DUL8DJ6 Puma Drift Cat 5 Shoes fit perfect for my daughter. She loves them there very cute and fashionable will look good with many types of styles. very happy I purchased these shoes!!! Fast and easy transaction recommended seller...
B00DULBHY4 Excellent I'll buy more puma products ExcellentI'll buy more puma products !!! :-)
B00DULBHY4 My son likes it very much. My son likes it very much. Will buy it again.
B00DULUOWU On time Got my package on time.  With no problems. They look and fit good. I will continue to buy more things
B00DULV8Y8 Great color combo I chose these because of the colors (won't show dirt) and my satisfaction with puma kids shoes in the past. I am very pleased once again. They are made well enough to pass down!
B00DULV8Y8 Nice Cute sneaker, my daughter loves the pink!  Might need a wider size for toddlers with wider feet. GOOD BUY .
B00DULV8Y8 Five Stars Here big, but I bought them big on purpose. My son loves them even tho they're big.
B00DULV8Y8 nice They are cute but seem a tad bit small..also easy to mess up. But they have vibrant lovely colors and are stylish..theyvare also light so they dont weigh too heavy on my lil girls feet.she loves them I love them my opinion is to purchase
B00DULXWII great but tiny great shoes but really tiny. had to return and order one size bigger. now it fits perfect!i would recommend it to your Lil Guy
B00DULXWII perfect exactly what you see is what you get. my sons loves these shoes they are light and easy to put on great buy
B00DULXWII Super Cute These look super cute on my little guy!  They are super easy to clean and match just about everything!  The fit was as expected and easy to get on his chubby little feet.
B00DULXWII Puma Sneaker These are great leather sneakers that are easy to clean and we get a lot of compliments on them. They are easy to put on and take off and are comfortable to run around in.
B00DULXWII BEAUTIFUL THEY ARE VERY PRETTY AND SUPER COMFORTABLE
B00DULXWII Four Stars Fits great and my little one was very happy &#128513;
B00DULXWII Perfect little boys shoes! Just love these shoes practical, comfortable, the colours are great and the velco makes it easy for little ones to put on and off themselves!!!! Thankyou very happy :-)
B00DULXWII I love the style of these shoes I love the style of these shoes, however they seem to make my toddlers feet very hot.  Not very breathable.
B00DULYICC Five Stars Very comfy
B00DULYICC Comfortable & Solid My little guy loves these shoes. They are slightly larger than his feet, but stay secured in place. When wet, they dry out quickly and don't lose their form.
B00DULYICC :) My baby loved his shoes
B00DULYICC Lightweight and breathable...great shoe! Had to order a half size up, but my son loves this one!  It is lightweight, easy to put on and the dark color keeps them looking great much longer than his light colored shoes.
B00DUTAHJM Velour track suit for your kid It's possible my kid has short legs. The pants are a wee bit long but the top is fine. Cute outfit, good for his gymnastic class. We received the size 18 months of this same outfit as a present and both the pants and the top are a wee bit short so he must be between sizes now.
B00DUTB6IS Puma Kids Boys Pop Velour It is litte samll for my some so he can wear for too long. I like the materials and my son like it.
B00DUTB6IS Great Christmas gift I bought this suit for my grandson for Christmas. He loves Puma clothes so I know he will love this outfit. When he wants to wear Puma clothes is what he picks. Can't wait for him to open it on Christmas morning.
B00DUTBRQO Nice Track Suit This is pretty cute. It was reasonably priced, sized perfectly, arrived as expected. I would recommend this suit. It really is pretty cool!
B00DUTBRQO Nice suit Bought for my grandson who is a size 7.  It fit very well.  The suit is light and great for kids when playing sports or just for playtime.
B00DUU511U loved the sweater This sweater was a Very nice fit an warm loved it.. I will be buying more soon in the future.
B00DUU53KO Adorable I love this outfit for my grandon.  the hoodie is adorable and so cute on. Perfect for a Weay Coast Winter.  Thanks
B00DW2MBL4 Happy A gift and the grandson loves it.  Loves the puma and is a Broncos fan.  Two for one is great.
B00DW2MCPO Very nice! What a great deal and my 9 year old loves it! All he wears is hoodies!!!! and he's Sooooooo picky. He loves it!
B00DW2ME0W Good choice. Bought for my grandson, he loves all Puma products. Keep me posted on all up-coming Puma sales. It looks good on him!
B00DW2MF4C Very nice hoody This hoody is well constructed and warm. My son likes it because it is roomy and not form fitting. It wears and washes well.
B00DW2MF4C Can't get him out of it! gave this to our 10 year old grandson for Christmas... he now lives in it! Seriously, if it is not in the wash, he is wearing it!
B00DY6160A Five Stars Fits perfectly.
B00DY6160A a little big I don't understand, I wear a size 9 in Pumas all the time - sneakers, slip-ons. I even have the first version of this shoe in a 9. I thought this would be a no-brainer but nope, they are too big. This was slightly mitigated by adding a heel grip but try to try this one on before you order it.
B00DY6160A Great shoe! I have been looking for a while for a cute, comfortable slip-on. And PUMA has the best selection after one or two returns I found it! So cute and fits like a dream! I wear btwn a 9-10 so I ordered a 9.5 and its perfect.
B00DY6160A Love the Hot Pink! They are a little larger than a normal size 10, they slide off my heels a little. They are very comfy!
B00DY6160A Five Stars Loved it but it was a little big so I had to return it..
B00DY6160A My sister loves it! I ordered this for my sister she loves it and it fits perfect! She is very pleased with the product. Thank You.
B00DY6160A Cute A little wide, but really cute shoe. Neede a footie to wear all day at Disney World. Definitely would buy again.
B00DY6160A Very cute I really like them. Fit a &#34;little&#34; large, but very comfortable. I will probably buy the black ones in the future.
B00DY6160A Cute and comfortable! Totally obsessed with these shoes.  It is my favorite purchase of the spring! I walk a ton and these are fashionable and so comfortable.  At the end of the day my feet never hurt.  I plan to buy more.
B00DY6160A Cute slip on! Shoes fits like a normal 8.5 but the sides seem a little wide? I love the shoes and they are super cute on!
B00DY6160A just what I was looking for! Great summer sneakers.Slips on easy. light weight & great to just slip on and walk out the door.In the past puma's have killed my heels and gave me blisters but ive been wearing these over a week and I couldnt be more happier.  True to size.
B00DY6160A comfortable, good looking , but front too high Was pleased with style and fit at first.Disappointed in not only leg discomfort, but after few days of wearing I developed a pain in front of knee, I believe was caused from toe area lifted too high,and lack of flexibility of sole design in center.
B00DY6160A Cute and Stylish These are so cute, fit perfectly and are so great for warm weather casual wearing. Will take them to Europe.
B00DY61M0E but I put a heel guard in it si its good! Tiny bit too big...but I put a heel guard in it si its good!
B00DY61M0E Nice rich glowy blue tone and comfortable flat, but less comfy than the Zandy Patent I have several pairs of the Zandy Patent flats by Puma that I bought back when they first came out (black, grey, fuschia/silver/black). I decided to try some of the other versions of Zandy--the dots and this one. I find this flat attractive, the blue is appealing. I do find it a BIT snugger than the Patent original version--just a bit more pinch-y. So, the star off was for being less perfectly comfortable as the Patent. But these are still fun. I've gotten compliments on the color and style, as I always do when wearing my fuchsia ones (everyone loved those).I hope Puma brings back the patent style in a lot more colors with a black sole--especially RED, deep warmer RED. :)
B00DY61M0E may work better for others Disappointed, they looked great on but  toe area a bit turned up, but not bad. discomfort was in tapered and short toe area squeezing, and heel pressed into ankle back.
B00DY74P70 great looking Puma sneakers I got these sneakers for their great appearance, and they did not disappoint.  Love the way they look.  The size is perfect.  They arrived promptly.  The reason I gave 4 & not 5 stars is 'cause I wish they were a bit more comfortable.  Just a bit.
B00DY75DWQ Awesome These are awesome cross trainer sneaker. Very light weight and good looking. I got so many complinents each time I wore them.
B00DY75DWQ light as a feather great cross training shoes, light to the touch and feet.  has good traction when making lateral moves.highly recommended for any gym rat.
B00DY75DWQ Great for strength training Purchased for personal and group training.  Very lightweight and comfortable for moving around.  My fee don't go numb on the elliptical.
B00DY75DWQ Too light for cross training These shoes look great, are very comfortable and very light. However, with the amount of movement one usually does in cross training they take a beating a little too quickly. With the quick pivot foot movements you do the foot slides a little too much and you don't feel like you have good traction inside the shoe. Due to the foot sliding some of the decals started to lift after a couple months.  Still, four stars because it's a good shoe just not for cross training.
B00DY77J28 shoes I am wearing them right now and I love them! I going to go on line and buy some more in other colors
B00DY77J28 Flyy Girl Fly footwear. I'm really loving my new kicks. Received a bunch of compliments already after just one wear. They are definitely for a look of the sexy-sporty variety.It's worth noting that this entire shoe is patent leather but not overwhelmingly shiny (for some strange reason I thought some areas of the shoe were fabric--the pic three me off--but they're still very beautiful in person).
B00DY77J28 Love these sneakers! Love these sneakers. Very comfortable and cute. I am very happy with this purchase. I wouldn't mind having these in several different colors.
B00DY789HM FREAKING LOVE THESE I am tall, and in any other heel I am not unlike a newborn giraffe; uncoordinated as all hell. I can literally RUN AROUND in these. I believe its because the sole is so large, but they are so comfortable, not too high of a heel, and I feel super awesome. Bought these because I am on a Notorious BIG kick.10/10 would buy again.
B00DY789HM Loving my wedges I read several reviews and decided to get a size larger than I normally wear and I'm very happy.  The sneakers fits very comfortable.  I'm going to change the lace to black.
B00DY789HM Very stylish and Cute! The Pump Classic Wedge Lace-up shoe is very comfortable.  I stand a good part of the day at work and there was no problem  with the 2&#34; wedge.  I ordered my true size, 5 1/2, and they fit perfectly.  Received many compliments on the style and color.
B00DY7QQ4A Bomb Biddy Look out La Crosse teams across America, she's shod, she's mod, and she's more than ready to rock and roll
B00DY7QQ4A Felt like a Rock Star How season started out with a solid drizzle (which is my fav way to play). These shoes were great for cutting and shifting. Very stable shoe. Love them so much. Have worn nikes and most adidas in the past but the fit was never right.  These however were great. Wore them the day before to kick around to get the feel of them and break them in some and knew it was a match made in heaven! Also, they are some hot a$$ looking shoes!
B00DYRQBAO i got this for my daughter. and when i  found that the zipper is completely broken.I want to exchange the product.With the broken zipper my daughter can not wear in this cold winter.
B00DYRQBAO Great lightweight coat Daughter loves her new jacket. We live where the winters don't get super cold, so this will be a great winter coat for her.
B00DYRQD7U nice jacket really nice. like the colors together. light weight but warm for my granddaughter to play in. Only con is it doesn't have a hood.
B00DYRVKYG Very well This jacket harbors very good, very practical and comfortable, I really like! I recommend this product good value for money.
B00DYXTPKQ Love Puma! I am obsessed with the brand Puma and I have a hard time finding it anymore. So when I saw this coat around my nephews birthday I had to buy it and the price was very decent priced! My sister said its great! Warm and fits, and when he spills stuff on it she can just wipe it right off. No stains yet and he's been wearing it for 2 months.
B00DYXTPKQ My boy loves it I purchase this coat for my boy. And was really worth it. He loved the pockets so he can put his hands inside when its cold. He looked adorable with it.Great buy for great price!!!
B00DYXTPKQ Not sure on quality. My son loves this jacket, and it is a perfect fit. I am upset though because after the first machine wash on delicate as indicated, there is now a rip in he hood and the stuffing is sticking out. I am not sure what to do now.
B00DYXTPKQ Great. Great jacket!My son love it.Very warm, looking nice, bright and comfortable puffer jacket.Good value for price.recommended.
B00DYXTXJO awesome the right weight and the right size. ordered a 3t and my son is about 32-33lbs and fit him generously. warm for the winter but easily warn in the late fall and early spring. i wish the hood (under the collar) was thicker...he will need to wear a warm hat and then the hood to protect him from rain/snow.
B00DZI21I8 Very warm! Very warm jacket! It's a bit large for my son, but he really loved it! I would recommended! Good winter jacket!
B00DZI21I8 Puma Jacket Very nice jacket! The quality of the jacket is excellent and the fit is absolutely perfect.  I would make this purchase again.
B00DZI24H6 Wonderful Bought for my grandson.  He loves it and keeps him warm going to school on cold mornings. Plus he loves Puma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00DZI24H6 Great coat for kids! Great looking coat and our son loved it!  The hideaway hood is indispensable.  We will definitely buy more Puma outerwear.
B00DZI24H6 Zipper ripped out Nice coat, I really liked it until the zipper ripped out. Wouldnt buy again as I had to buy another coat for my kid.
B00E0FZW5E I'm a little to old Even though I had to send it back because i'm to stupid to read &#34;KIDS&#34; on it. I'm 18 and 170lbs and was very sad. I sent it back and got my money in full 2 days later. Even before they got it. Still will be a great buy for the little kids.
B00E0FZYT8 Teenage son LOVED this PUMA jacket!!! This turned out to be just what my son needed and wanted! Puma outline on back is very cool looking! Jacket washed well..and the fleece is soft & warm. ( good even in cold weather w/ a vest or another this layer over/ under it...I wished it had a hood~but he was fine w/ out having one!)  Boys XL was great savings & fits well...as he usually gets Men's small/ med...which can cost much more...so I gave the XL a try & it worked out! ( seems inside the arms could have been trimmed down more/ to be more comfy...but he got used to it..was no big deal/ didn't need to fix them as I 1st. thought I'd need to do.)  Just enough color w/ that cool PUMA...but gray jacket goes w/ most of his other clothes!!! GREAT DEAL-and NO ISSUES @ ALL!
B00E41TDYU Four Stars This is a nice sleek sneaker. Looks better in person. True to size.
B00E41TDYU they are nice they are a little stiff but just need some breaking in. I got them at a good price almost half off.
B00E41TDYU Cool tennies Had to go up 1/2 size, which is typical for athletic shoes. Not as cushy as I had hoped - platforms don't bend like regular soles. But very cool looking!
B00E4PKTUI Very nice hoddy!!!! Recommended. Looks great from the outside. Excellent material from the inside. Very convenient. Very pleased with the presence of special strap for keys in the right pocket.
B00E4PKTUI Fits as the second skin My boyfriend is a Big fan of F1. This was a great gift and he was really happy. Great stuff
B00E6BIURY Good jacket for exercise. I am 5'10&#34; tall, so this is a little short on me, as most things are, but it fits as can be expected (I ordered the large). The zipper works great, and the fabric is very nice, but it did start to sort of pill after I washed it the second time. I'm not sure what happened there, but it's very slight so I'm not perturbed yet. As for warmth, I have only worn it on colder days-like 50-60 and rainy, and it's been perfect for a run. Overall, I would recommend this product.
B00E6BQ1DO Love this jacket! I love this jacket.  It's super soft and lightweight.  The only thing that I haven't liked is that it's starting to pill around the wrists, otherwise it's great!
B00E6O333W perfect Perfect fit and perfect color.  Arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Comfy out fit for the toddler on the go also.  Thank you
B00E6O333W Loved it Was a gift for me neice but she loved it wish I could find more outfits like this one in the feature
B00E8AOQVM good fit I like these underwear.  I have other puma underwear that is more comfortable but these do well. Go get em
B00E8AOQVM Amazing Best boxers I have personally ever owned.
B00EAAYWQE Great!!! I bought it and it fits perfectly my 11 month old! He won't use it for long, but it's so comfortable and not too long pants so he walks easily...
B00EAH1B8E Five Stars bien
B00EAH1B8E Straps too short These shoes are very cute, BUT they're unwearable because the straps are WAY too short. They won't even fasten on my kid's feet- they barely reach without a foot in the shoe.  It's utterly ridiculous, don't buy them.
B00ECE4N5S Bought it for my wife! Bought the shoe for my wife and so far she is happy with the fit and feel. I would buy another puma for her.
B00EDHUOZM Great Hoodie Fits and works as expected.  I use it for running and it looks and works great!  Highly recommended, especially for the price.
B00EDHUOZM Five Stars Love the material its one of my favorite sweat shirts :)
B00EDHUOZM Good looking, very comfortable, light but warm, dries quick, nice sleeve detail. I wanted specifically a quick dry hoodie for outdoor activities, not just walking around. I prefer full zip but thought I'd try this. I am very pleased.The hoodie has a fleece finish on the inside so is comfortable and fairly warm but still light and warm. It does perform much better than a cotton hoodie when active.Also the neck has some give so easy to get on and off. Lastly nice small rubber puma on the sleeve end looks good. I got the dark blue and the large chest puma is black not silver like it appears on Amazon. Highly recommended.
B00EDHUOZM Great deal, great hoodie Not much to say, great training hoodie. I love the Nike KO hoodies, this was such a great deal that I switched it up. Love them both now!
B00EDHUOZM Satisfied The hoodie looks great it's just a lot thinner than I hoped. More of a fall sweatshirt or to wear under a coat.
B00EDHUOZM Awesome fit and a very comfortable wear. This hoodie is perfect, it feels so comfortable on your skin and also warms you up in the right way.
B00EDHUOZM So nice I bought it TWICE! I absolutely love this puma hoodie.  Fleece on the inside and comfortable on the outside.  The neck has extra material for real function and use.  I ended up buying another in a different color.
B00EDHUOZM This hoodie fits great It looks great, too. It could be a little heavier, but it's a nice springtime hoodie. I would recommend it
B00EDHUOZM Nice. I got this for my son a few months ago and it seems to be wearing well.  Might run slightly smaller than some hoodies but I kind of expected that before I bought it.
B00EDHUOZM Awesome Love it .. It's so soft will buy another ones inf different colors ... Worth every dollar I spent !
B00EDHUOZM Fits nicely (not too baggy), nice color This fits nicely -- not too baggy.  The picture doesn't quite capture the shade of blue properly, but it looks very nice.
B00EDHUOZM so comfy love this hoodie! Love love love this sweatshirt I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because I thought it was a little pricey but the quality is great keeps me warm and I love it!!! A true dark blue beautiful hoodie..I would recommend buying this product...ansd it arrived nice and quickly :)
B00EDHUOZM Good Hoodie Good hoodie,I like the neck has a relaxed fit to it, and the product has a nice overall sheen to it.For under $30 this was a very good deal, and it shipped fast too!
B00EDHUOZM Amazing price for a very nice hoodie There's a reason Puma gear is popular among athletes, they make great products.  This hoodie is great.  Very comfortable, cool design, and durable feel.  All good things.  Plus, I picked this thing up for $16 and change.  You can't beat that.  I bought the red/black one for myself and the poseidon/puma red in a smaller size for the wife.  Both she and I were extremely pleased with the quality.
B00EDHUOZM Great Dry tech sweater It was well fitted and awesome warm sweater that had dry tech. :) I love puma products, they make quality stuff.
B00EDHUOZM Super soft and warm This hoodie shipped really quickly and fits very well. I got it on sale for about $20 which I think is amazing for the price. Its nice and warm I would definitely get this!!
B00EDOMUYI Love love My husband loves them thank you!!
B00EDOMUYI Great buy Very happy with this purchase fit line a glove, stylish and very comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Good shoes These shoes look great, and are pretty comfortable.  They start off a bit snug, but soon relax to for well.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Have receive a lot of compliments.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoes Love the comfort in the shoes.... It's great to wear it to gym and jogging ... Nd it goes great with jeans aswell
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars Excellent shoe. Light weight and looks great with jeans shorts.
B00EDOMUYI Sweet.... Lookin' sharp, fitting like a glove (on my feet!), really decent price..thank you Amazon for the heads up!
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars A+ very happy
B00EDOMUYI Feel great so far I have always been carful when buying shoes online because of so many bad purchases. I went ahead and tried one more time and I am quite satisfied so far. I have put about 24 miles on these sneakers in the past 2 weeks and have not had any issues yet. My feet feel great while running and afterwards.I feel that it was a great purchase. I will update if any issues develop.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars I love these shoes.
B00EDOMUYI Comfortable I normally wear 8.5-9D. After reading reviews I went with size 9 which fits well. No problem with toe box. Comfortable, well ventilated, needed very little break in. Durability is unknown but appears well constructed. Looks nice. Going with 4 stars as weight is average for a running shoe. They are not heavy by any means but are no lighter than my run-of-the-mill cross trainers. Pics on Amazon are representative of product received (at least for blue/black/silver).
B00EDOMUYI Good sneaker This is a good basic sneaker
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Outstanding Shoes-great price-fast delivery-nuff said!
B00EDOMUYI Feel as good as they look! I've always owned Pumas. So I'm bias when I say they look and feel good! They fit and feel good right out of the box!
B00EDOMUYI Nice design, great price with deal of the day I ordered 1/2 size larger and found these runners fit perfectly. Nice design, great price with deal of the day. Very pleased so far.
B00EDOMUYI ... using these shoes last week and so far so good. There light and work well I'm the weight ... Just started using these shoes last week and so far so good.  There light and work well I'm the weight room and the way they look is exactly like it was in the picture
B00EDOMUYI Three Stars Not so comfortable as i thought  thee will .
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars I got these for my fiance and he loves them!
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars very cool and comfortable sneakers!
B00EDOMUYI Nice for the price These sneaker are really nice and comfortable. Really good for the price. I'd recommend it to my friends.
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars Fits great and look beautiful
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Good
B00EDOMUYI nice shoes, great price Very nice... If you tend to go back and fourth a half size, go with the larger ones.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars I like them. Very Comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Very happy
B00EDOMUYI Comfortable, light weight would buy more shoes from puma Comfortable,light weight would buy more shoes from puma.
B00EDOMUYI Great looking and comfortable I am so glad I read the other reviews on these shoes before ordering. I also ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. The reason I only gave four stars is because, in order to achieve 5 stars the shoes would have to be superior to any other athletic shoe I have owned, and these are close but I have had others that were a little more comfortable. If they were just a fraction wider they would probably earn the 5th star. Since they are still very new to me, there is the very likely chance that they will become that fraction wider as they stretch through normal wearing, at which time I would add the 5th star, because they are that close already. I do recommend these shoes, as a best buy.
B00EDOMUYI ... this deal and i was noticed as having some great looking shoes daughter missed out on this deal and i was noticed as having some great looking shoes. Did a 5k run in these and tore up the course
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars Nice
B00EDOMUYI Not super light but light and comfortable I was expecting them to be lighter but they still feel good compared to my switch form SHOX
B00EDOMUYI thumbs up! Shoes arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Boyfriend was stoked and said they are very light and comfortable.  Look great too!  Note: the tongue is a separate piece opposed to the attached tongue on the Voltaic 3 model.
B00EDOMUYI Love pumas Great looking show for walking around also.  Highly recommend for people who want an all around show that doubles in the gym.
B00EDOMUYI I like it... happy.... A little more snug than I would have liked, but obviously, that's always an issue between manufacturers...  I'm an 8.5 and sometimes they fit perfectly and others a little snug.  Nonetheless, I am very happy with my purchase....
B00EDOMUYI stylish running shoes Very stylish, comfy i am a 10.5 and on the advice of others i ordered the 11.Wished i would have stayed at 10.5 as these are just a bit big.  Maybe with thicker socks it will fit better.
B00EDOMUYI PUMA So far so good with the PUMA shoes
B00EDOMUYI puma shoes Excellent! !! Very comfortable! Excellent quality.  Perfect fit. Definitely worth the price.  Won't buy anything else. Thank you so much.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Excellent
B00EDOMUYI Perfect fit. I ordered these for jogging and gym ... Perfect fit. I ordered these for jogging and gym and got compliments on the first day.  Thought the white pairs may pale in comparison to the more attractive e blue or red but these are actually quite handsome and rugged looking.  Strongly advise a tone interested to get them.
B00EDOMUYI Enjoy! Freedom of movement. Stroll, walk, run comfortably. I love Puma shoes because they allow fresh airflow and are easy to put on and remove from my feet. Thank you, Amazon for the heads up information on this product.Robert
B00EDOMUYI very unhappy Even though they were listed at 10.5 w, I couldn't even put my foot in them. I had my foot measured and they are still 10.5 w. I had to send them back at my own expense and then go out to a store and by another pair. Be assured I also bought a different brand.
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars :)
B00EDOMUYI They are comfortable. I get lots of compliments. They are comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI I'm usually a 9. 5 on other Puma's but ... I'm usually a 9.5 on other Puma's but this style needed half size larger. Unfortunately Amazon sold out by the time I needed the exchange.
B00EDOR4L2 Odd foot pad First, let me say, I looooove the look of this shoe! They're bright and fun but not too much. That being said, the foot pad is in a very odd position. While springy and stable, the pad hit the balls of my feet wrong, so much so that even walking in them was tough. I have flatter feet , maybe they're made for people with higher arches, I dont know, but I felt like I was walking on my tippy toes, very uncomfortable for me. I'm bummed cause I reeeeally like the look of them, perhaps I just have the wrong shaped foot...
B00EDOR4L2 One Star Like walking on an oak board.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars comfortable, fit good, great for the price (was discounted on lightning deals)
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Awesome sneaker great price
B00EDOR4L2 Bright lively colors I usually order a half size up in sneakers and  I am glad I did, they fit perfectly.  They coordinate with the various colors in my gym wardrobe....pink, blue, green, had many compliments already.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Great value and confort!!
B00EDOR4L2 Best buy ever This is an excellent purchase. I just love my Pumas. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable; the weight is just right (nothing airy-fairy about them) and I can wear them all day without discomfort. And oh the colors. I am just so happy with this purchase.
B00EDOR4L2 Wife loves it. The shoe has a nice neutral color with some accent that makes it easy to pair with any street clothes. Comfortable and reasonably priced. Nothing more you can asked for.
B00EDOR4L2 i love them, and it fits very good Colors are as bright as the image, i love them, and it fits very good, they are very comfortable
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Fit great, came as ordered and on time.
B00EDOR4L2 Perfect Fit Needed some running shoes for the gym, I had no idea that these would be so comfortable.  And since I support breast awareness. The color is perfect it matches my jacket perfect. I just have to order my socks breast awareness, Is very important to me.
B00EDOR4L2 Great shoes My wife luvs these shoes. Very stylish and comfortable. Should come with black laces but doesn't . Work in them for 10+ hours a day
B00EDOR4L2 I love it I wasn't sure that it was gonna fit. But it did with a little breathing room.It's really comfy and I'd definitely recommend this product.
B00EDOR4L2 I love them! So comfy! I love them!
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Very nice!!
B00EDOR4L2 Very nice shoe!! Arrived very quickly & cost was amazing!!
B00EDOR4L2 Very comfortable These sneaks are very comfy and have good support. I am very happy with my purchase
B00EDOR4L2 Awesome! Super comfy and look great! True to size.
B00EDOR4L2 Fine The Puma shoes voltaic 5 is very ggod. Comfortable, The colour es fine. The finished is very good. I recomended.
B00EDOR4L2 She loves them! I purchased them for my daughter and she loves them!
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Incredible price and I wear them every day to the gym
B00EDOR4L2 Feel very good These are very nice they are a little heavy ,but still feel good on my feet. Great Price.
B00EDOR4L2 Love these. I actually work for Amazon and I'm ... Love these. I actually work for Amazon and I'm on my feet almost 12 hours a day. These leave no blisters and are comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Very bright
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Excellent value. Comfortable fit.
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Exvelent
B00EDOR4L2 Comfy and stylish! These shoes are incredible! While I do not use them for running, I bought them to wear right after I was released from wearing an orthopedic boot for two months because of a broken foot. They are comfortable and stylish. What more could a girl ask for?
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Love my sneakers. Very comfortable and stylish. Great price!!!!!
B00EDOR4L2 Comfy and durable! Super comfortable and they don't fall apart like every other athletic shoe I've had.
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Great! Lots of complements
B00EDOR4L2 Great, vibrant colors As always, Puma shoes fit great and offer exciting styles/colors. Price was excellent and delivery was timely! Thanks for the email sale notice. I was hooked!
B00EDOR4L2 Excellent choice Love them!! Very Comfortable
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars They are a perfect fit, Love them!
B00EDOR4L2 but I still love them! I need thicker socks, but I still love them!
B00EDOR4L2 puma shoes Everything was perfect. Very comfortable.  Perfect fit. Works awesome for people who work on concrete all day. Good quality. Thanks
B00EDOR4L2 Not so great but price was right Bought these on Gold Box. They're just ok. Not quite as bright as I might have liked (I like my exercise shoes bright!) and the arch support is quite lacking. The sole also has minimum traction. You may want to look elsewhere for more intense exercise uses. But for the Gold Box price, not a bad deal.
B00EDOR4L2 Colorful workout This is a great stable shoe and it is so cute too. Happy looking feet make for a happy runner.
B00EDOR4L2 Good Fits size and in perfectly good condition
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars comfortable,stylish,& well ventalated
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars wish i would have got more colors at that price.
B00EDOR4L2 Love them! the picture does them no justice... they are well made and the colors are awesome... fit was right on... comfy from first time I put them on... well worth the money...
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars very comfortable
B00EE6W9G4 Comfy and cute These are very comfortable and cute at the same time.  We would most definitely recommend!  Good quality and nice material.
B00EPGAQVS Sizing is TTS WE love the fit of this jacket. We typically wear 10/12 in tops, but this jacket is perfect and has a very nice stretch to it!
B00EQ2EQI0 PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Ferrari Tricot Jacket, Black, 5 I absolutely love this jacket..its light weight..stylish..good quality and fits well. My son has several puma outfits so it goes with them well. Its a light spring jacket.
B00ETHZV2M Pretty comfy, hard to get used to if you ... I have really wide and large arch feet. Pretty comfy, hard to get used to if you wear flats and sandals a lot. Over all they are pretty. Oh yea you might want to wear socks that are tight around the ankle cause my socks slide down by my heel...
B00ETHZV2M Nice shoes Take a little breaking at the back if the heel (rub at the achilles tendon), but over all a nice shoe!
B00ETHZV2M Thin & hard inside instead of padded and soft. For the past few years I have worn Puma Mostro shoes which were very padded inside with velcro cross straps on the outside.  It has gotten much harder to find this minimalist style in my size.  The Takala suede sneaker has the same outer shape, but when I received the shoe, they were very thin and hard inside and not very comfortable even with cushy socks.  Unfortunately, they had to be returned for that reason, but otherwise they looked good.
B00ETHZV2M Great buy I'm a tech at an ophthalmology practice and I'm on my feet all day (and pregnant) these give me the comfort I need! Great shoes..
B00ETHZV2M Perfect So perfect! i love it... nice shoes n_n it's very comfortable. the colors is beauty. Well. i don't have more reviews.. see you n.n
B00EUAEG24 excellent set of child excellent set of child size is complete for a three year old, excellent material, fine collection,beatiful;excellent set of child size is complete for a three year old, excellent material, fine collection,beatiful
B00EUS6MAA Great gift idea!! My husband & I volunteered to provide some Christmas gifts for a young boy. The Puma outfit was a good addition to the other items we choose for him. I met him and his parents will be appreciative. Everyone should have a happy & holy holiday season!!
B00EWO9DCQ Brother's Birthday I bought this watch for my brother for his birthday-and he absolutely loves it (it's even better looking in person).
B00EX92PUM Great Sweatshirt Just perfect for wintry workouts or morning walks in the woods. Looks great, fits well, washes and dries well, and is just what I wanted!
B00EX92PUM Warm comfy hoodie Omg I love this puma hoodie. It's so warm and comfortable I practically live in it. The material is so soft it fits true to size. I'm 5&#34;3 133lbs I ordered a medium and it was perfect. The color is great ad well.
B00EYNG882 Grandson is a Puma fan I got this a size larger for my grandson.  He can wear it next year.  He loves it and can't wait to wear it.
B00EZJDLPS puma -kids boys set Looks great. My grandson will love it. He loves the song rumor has it, but he sings puma has it
B00EZJDLPS Y'all are the best Amazon keep up the Excellent Work Because it so pretty and everybody loves it it was for my second grandson he look so nice in it
B00F4O07I2 Great! This jacket was exactly what I was looking for. It is a heavy sweatshirt material and is slim enough considering the thickness of the material. FYI, this would not be a good workout/warm up jacket (for me) because it is too thick and not moisture wicking.I would order it again however I did get a great price on the black vs. other color options.
B00F4O0CXM My opinion I liked the product it's so beautiful but I was a little bit surprised because the medium one is larger than I was expecting... But it's ok!!!
B00F5EK2FE Can't wait I'm a Browns fan  they will be perfect, for football season.  I am so ready.  They may not win, but I will look good.
B00F5EK2FE Five Stars i like it its ok
B00F5UZLEK as a gift These were beautiful, arrived on time, but I orderedthe three t shirts the same size for three different boys, was my fault.
B00F5UZUAA Grandson loved it This is a really nice tee . The hood makes sit really warm. Fits normal for a size 8. The material is nice
B00F5V04S2 Perfect My grandson (11 years old) loves this hoodie. The fit is perfect. His weight is average and he's a bit on the tall side. I wish it came in other colors.
B00F5V07VQ Super Mr granddaughter needs a jacket all the time a school, if need hood it is there, easy to care for.
B00F5V0FCW Great little jacket Very impressed with this jacket, warmer than expected and really durable.Son wears it year round even wore it snowboarding once and said heStayed warm all day.
B00F5YOTEO Great jacket, bad zipper Great jacket my 3 year old loves it but the zipper is too sticky so she can't zip it in or off by herself.  I thought it would loosen but she's been wearing it everyday since it arrived and it's just as stiff.  Otherwise well made and fits perfectly.
B00F93SCEO good i gave this jacket to my sistershe said it is little bit big to her as expectedbut... she has excepting this cloths as fashion so it doesnt matter. actually we live in asia.it is too much expensive in here so i searched this.im glad to discover and buy almost half price.
B00F93SCEO fits good. colors not that good Kind of an ugly jacket to be honest. The red is almost a orange and super bright. It was on sale so I just got a fabric marker and colored in the sleeve. If it wasn't on sale I probably would have returned it.
B00FAM8GY0 Good These are very comfortable, a little thinner than I like but they breathe well. They are not see through, just thin.
B00FB64HLG Awesome This zip up feels amazing.  Its so soft and stretchy.  Great buy for the price.  Would do it again in a heart beat
B00FB64HLG worth buy It fits as described.I liked it as it looked awesome on me and perfect for my gym activity.Should buy, if one want to buy others.
B00FB64HLG Comfortable, Fashionable, Puma Pro: Comfortable fit, length is long (size M will flow below the belt), high quality puma design on chest and smaller one on sleeve.Con: The neck has a corner that will dig into you once in a while if you zip it up to the edge of the puma logo (top side). The piece that digs in can be uncomfortable and hurt but it only happens on rare occasion.Overall: Quality design you'd expect from Puma, one of the better &#34;designs&#34; I've seen in a long time. The hood is also very comfortable and has full coverage for rain.
B00FB64HLG Good looking hoodie I bought this for my son for Xmas and he liked it.  Unfortunately, it is a slimmer fit than works for my son and he had to return it.  Which was too bad since he liked the quality, color etc but the fit does not work for his body.  That is why i only gave it 4 stars because I had hoped that it would be more oversized like some hoodie's are.
B00FBLQ33G Great Shipping !! I ordered 3 t-shirts from different sources at the same time---this one came from half way across the country and showed up before the others were even shipped! (only 200 miles away)  T shirt is very sharp--bought it for a teen whos in multiple track events.  Hes going to love it if I don't decide to keep it for myself !!
B00FEM6QLQ Fab shoes My shoes arrived before due date love them, had so many compliments on them, I live in NZ so we haven't got them over here, they look great with jeans and skirts, comfy as thanks
B00FFFROA4 Great quality Bottoms do run a bit slender....sometimes they pull down a bit in the back with bending, etc. Have purchased a few of these suits and my kids love them.  Fit seems to be &#34;right on&#34; with age.
B00FFM13OA Serious Power! Warning that these do fit smaller than most Puma cleats my son has tried. In a Puma King or Evospeed or back in the PowerCat he wore 10.5US and had to up to 11US for these. We checked Soccer.com before ordering to use the size comparison app there and it recommended an 11.5, but it seemed a bit big so we opted for the 11 instead. Very happy. It is a perfect fit. Like a glove--which is how my son wants it. This has ended up being the best fitting cleat he has ever worn. And the power he gets from the natural flexibility in the cleat and the foam pads in the instep striking zone make this a huge new favorite. Plus the color is intense. MUCH brighter in person (think construction cones). Heard that the Fluorescent Peach has been discontinued, so get it while it lasts.
B00FFM3Q6S Great Cleats! I love these cleats!  They are comfortable.  Looking forward to a great soccer season this fall with them.  Excellent condition.
B00FFM3YSI Great cleat for artificial grass This cleat is quite good. Very comfortable when playing on artificial grass.
B00FFM3YSI Great for FG fields I play keeper in S AZ, the goal area is bare and hard as concrete most of the year.  The studs seem to be a bit shorter but there are more of them along the front edge at the toes, closer to the edge than regular FG blades.  I was losing traction on quick lateral push-offs and forward dives, these are holding firm.  A marked improvement on very hard surfaces over regular FG shoes.
B00FFMEJIC Five Stars Vey good
B00FFPR2LK puma boots are trendy very nice boots to play in .....comfortable connections with ball ....i think adidas and nike has to come good now
B00FJ1RRHO I like the shoes.......but! I was pleased with the shoes.  They were a little tight at first but feel very comfortable now.What I was surprised at was that I received a message saying they had been &#34;shipped&#34; and they arrived one month later.I thought that perhaps they had someone walk them to my door.  Waiting a month for a delivery is unacceptable.  I wouldn't buy from this buyer again.
B00FJ57PQS A great product. The size corresponds to reality. The workmanship is excellent. I liked everything. A great product. The wife was very pleased. Thank you.
B00FJ57PQS nice and warm super fashionable, cool and warm jacket, for my yoga and fitness days. just loved it, will wear it year-round! thanks
B00FJ57RFW Comfy pants but way too long Great comfy pants but way too long if you are 5'-3&#34;. I'll need to get them hemmed a few inches to make them work (which im use to)
B00FJ57RFW Too big Went off the puma size chart separately according to my dimensions and pants bigger than the site indicated . Bit of a bummer considering I spent $45
B00FJ57WN4 Great payback! A useful gift that I agave my best friend (and wife) of 36 years for Mother's Day. It has paid for itself already!
B00FJDR0U6 very light and very well nade I bought it for my son, it fits very well and he likes it. That's the most important thing that matters to me
B00FJEQ2JU Husband loves Pumas I saw these online in a gold box deal and they fit perfectly.  He was happy to have them, they are exactly as we know when we go to the store.  We will get these again and again.
B00FK9S8UU these are great socks! I had been looking for these socks because I had a couple pairs and found it hard tofind them in stores. So glad I was able to purchase some more. My favorite low sockto wear with sneakers.
B00FK9S8UU Highly recommend This is a very comfortable sock. Cushy but not too thick. They are pretty invisible. A little can be seen at the heal. Delivery was very timely.
B00FKC4YM8 Puma socks Good quality puma socks, fits to size, and comes with allPastel colors...would recommend! Fasr delivey, arrived on time.Thanks
B00FKXGDWQ My boyfriend's perfect work sock My boyfriend is in construction and wears these every day under his work boots. Great quality.  They have added cushioning around the foot.
B00FLCVN0I Don't waste your time or money The material is ridiculous!! The first (AND ONLY) time I went for a run with them the band was so lose I had to step every few 100m to pull my pants up. So horrible at one point the pant waistband came down around my bum. I don't have the skinniest waist either so it wasn't a body shape issue. Do not buy these leggings!
B00FLQB0M0 Five Stars beautiful, stylish Puma sneaker.  Very unique-looking.
B00FLQB0M0 Happy Hubby Got them for my husband for Father's Day.  Loved the colors and comfort. He's all ready for the World Cup games.
B00FLQB0M0 Very happy with my purchase! Understandably, I was a little hesitant to buy shoes online, but am pleased to report that I am very happy with my purchase.  I had worn sneakers by this brand before, so I was pretty confident that I knew what size I needed.  Next time, I will probably buy this way again.
B00FLXVIP2 Five Stars So Cool !
B00FMM4B1U Five Stars Love these shoes, brings back memeories of the old gamecats that they had.
B00FN0IUOA :)))) It is more beatefull in reality!!! I really like it and I am planning to order another one to my bro
B00FNHH77Y Great sneakers! Just perfect I love these sneakers for my toddler! He wanted to wear them right away! Will buy more if there was more colors
B00FREB7S8 PUMA boys shorts, Iron Gate I purchased these shorts for my grandson who just started playing soccer.  These shorts are perfect for many sports and are well made.
B00FRG5J94 Durable, cute, versatile These Puma yoga pants are flattering and made well. Thick material and comfortable snug waistband.  Can be dressed up or dressed down and are worn year round.  We love them and have used for years - just keep moving up in sizes.
B00FRG5XEK Description What I received was a plain dress, I am still looking for the black colorblock  pattern on this dress.  I did not received what was advertised.
B00FRG5XEK puma girls Would buy again great material
B00FRIIGKG Wonderful Love the brand. My grand kids were ready to put it on straight from he package. So far they have not misplaced the jacket so to me that is a biggie. Great!
B00FRIJ2D6 Sizing this was nothing as per stated measurements.  It is an excellent piece clothing but has left my daughter disappointed, she would not be wearing.
B00FRK48II Perfect Outfit My Grandson loved the new soccer outfit. He looks like the coolest soccer player with the outfit. Of course Grandma is bragging.
B00FRK9HZC Shorts are the perfect addition to her wardrobe Even though these are &#34;boys&#34; shorts, I bought them for my preteen daughter. We've had a difficult time locating shorts like these and I was very pleased to find them at a great price and in excellent condition. Timely shipping, even though we were a little slow ordering them in time for Christmas, made this a pleasant transaction. Very happy.
B00FRK9KI6 Beautiful red. Beautiful red.A beautiful gift for the son of a cute red t-shirt.Material is also good. The different colors of the same product, I would like to purchase additional. Puma has changed my thinking about it.
B00FRKCBK0 Good walking shorts. Much lighter then expected which made it much more appreciated. I initially second guessed purchase, I thought I would return once I received it. To my surprise it wasn't thick and heavy.
B00FRKCBK0 Great athletic short Super soft (almost like soft sweat pant material) but cool enough for summer. Great buy will def pick up another color
B00FRKCBK0 Five Stars Very nice I like them a lot
B00FRL3ZUE My son loved them I bought these for my son for soccer and he loves them.  He wants to wear them all the time.
B00FRL46GG too thin they are tight and the material is very thin, they show alot. buy them for maybe PJ's but not to wear outside
B00FRL46GG there are nice really nice. they are new no funny smells, wrapped nicely lol im, they are nice a lil priceee but very nice will buy more
B00FRL46GG Cute Shorts The shorts are of thin material - not like the Russel brand shorts. They fit true to size and as pictured there is no drawstring. I would order them again
B00FRL46GG Awesome shirts I chose large but the shirts when near my knees. Elastic band in shirts. Nice design. Came little to late and on time.
B00FRL7U14 perfect my son loves this jacket. it fits great, and the colors are striking. it's perfect for the spring and early summer months
B00FRL85WC My son loves these pants! They're comfortable, well-fitting, and look great! He is very pleased with his Christmas gift. Just what he wanted, and the colors go well with many tops.
B00FRM2LIU Great Value Excellent value and quality. Love the bright colour and after lots of washing the motif is still like new. Great sports top.
B00FRRLHM6 Adorable tennis dress. Dress was as described. Nice fabric, good fit, totally satisfied. I believe more people would respond if we were not held to a specific amount of words., it's annoying.
B00FRRLHM6 CUTE! I ordered a size 6 for my 5 year old. She is 60th percentile for height and weight and this is just a little big on her, which is what I wanted so she could wear it all summer and fall for her tennis lessons. Looks adorable on her. I purchased a pair of gymnastics shorts for her to wear under the dress as well. Hope to buy more colors.
B00FRRLHM6 Perfect Dress did fit perfectly and my daughter loves it. Will look forward to getting a sleeveless or other style soon.
B00FRRLHM6 Daughter's favorite tennis outfit I was concerned that this would be too short and the skirt would land too high on my daughter's thigh (we prefer modest dress in our home).  However, the skirt finished only a couple of inches above the knee.  The material is loose enough to allow for rotation and movement inherent to tennis.  She loves this dress!  It is her favorite tennis outfit!
B00FRSSAZW My daughter loved this dress Very comfortable, nice colors, good to be used as playwear, sports or even casual. My daughter liked it very much.
B00FRSUQPE Great dress My daughter loved it and it looks so cute on her. The material is great and does not shrink after washing.
B00FRSUWJE Nice and comfortable! Good fabric, good colors.I would definitely recomend to others looking for comfortable clothes to their daughters.Can be used as an sport or casual outfit.
B00FRU60W0 Nice shorts My boy loves it.  It fits perfect and looks good
B00FRU6A1G 12 yo loves it. My son loves the colors and feel of these shorts. He is on the tall side for his age and these are just fine. He is around 5'5&#34; and these come to the bottom of his knees.
B00FSEAXCS Sizing Just not what was stated in the measurement, cannot trust this merchant.  Excellent tank top but not fitting the person it was purchased for.
B00FSFZZA2 Five Stars Great shorts for a great price!
B00FSFZZA2 Looks really good and fits perfect My girl loves it! Looks really good and fits perfect!
B00FSG1OXS GORGEOUS!!! More so in person!!! These are so gorgeous and are more so in person!!! I love them although they fit my daughter way too large, she will have to grow into them because they are so beautiful!!
B00FSKFJIK good summer skort My daughter loves this skort even though she is normally a shorts person. It looks good, is comfortable and a summer staple.
B00FSKGP6U Puma Girls 7-16 Our 7 years old dauther, loves it. Well made and she goes to Zumba with it! Arrived on time and for the price, it was a ste...
B00FSKNO6O Excellent price for a perfect fitting & good looking kiddie track suit I love all things puma and buy all the little kids in the family puma wear and shoes. This track suit was listed at an awesome price! I was worried it might not fit well or material would look cheap...nope this track suit looked amazing on her it's gorgeous!
B00FSKNO6O Awesome! This outfit is dope.  My daughter looks adorable in it.  It's super stylish and (admittedly) something I wish I had as a little girl.  The jacket fits perfectly but the bottoms are a litle long.  She'll grow into them.
B00FSOQW9G Not really a fan I ordered this for my one year old daughter,she has only wore it once because the jacket is too big for her i brought it in a 24 month size,which she wears,but the jacket was a little big on her and the pants are too long a little,but i'll keep the pants for the summer time and she can wear them when we go to amusement parks,for a casual look,i will just find another shirt too go along with them,and i am not a big fan of the color.I only gave two stars because it's puma
B00FSOSLMM Cute! Really cute little outfit with bright colors and a nice zipper in front. Also appears to be very well made. This was a great price!
B00FSOSLMM Cuteness I only got to see this in pictures on my granddaughter but it is super cute and well made.  She is only 16 months but it fits her and will for quite sometime if she doesn't have a monster growth spurt.
B00FSOU0LM Great set Beautifull! Love the colour and fits my 5 year old perfectly.
B00FSOU0LM Four Stars tiene una peque&ntilde;o orificio sino fuera 5 estrellas
B00FSOVMNC Fabric not as expected Cute but fabric too chip and sinthetic, it gets dust and dirty. My doughet got back home from park looking like a dried bush.
B00FSREWJA Nice material This is a very cute outfit. It is made of good material, did not shrink when washed.  The colors are bright and does not fade. I think any little girl would love this outfit. I am very pleased with it. Recommend it highly.
B00FSREWJA Great for active girls Fits well, very comfortable, bright, pretty colors, dries quickly -- perfect for little girls who like to wear skirts and dresses, yet at the same time get down 'n' dirty on the playground (and the monkey bars, and the sprinklers, etc, etc...)
B00FSROZW4 Five Stars Great product great seller
B00FSRPX6G Amazing One of the best things my daughter had we love it wish I ordered all puma collection it s just perfect
B00FSS29GM Perfect Gift I bought this set for my granddaughter to play golf and tennis in and it is perfect.  I highly recommend it.
B00FSS29GM beautiful outfit The material is expert, the fitting is terrific. This is just an all around beautiful outfit. And you can't beat the price!
B00FSS2OUI Great for my daughter Received in the winter and when we put it on her it fit perfect and looks great. Would order again
B00FSSGLTS EXCELLENT My daughter looks so cute and she loves it. I think I'd buy some more in the near future. thks
B00FSXV1OI CRAPPY SELLER DO NOT PAY NEARLY 200 DOLLARS FOR THIS SHOE!! They are at Finish Line for 130 just sitting on the shelves. Don't be lazy!!! Go to your nearest mall and go to the FinishLine or order them from FinishLine.com
B00FSY32YE Very pretty and fitted well My grandson was really impressed with this T-shirt. Very pretty and fitted well.
B00FVYRD4G Awesome Print Great product, however we must return this as it is too small for him. He needs to go to men's sizes in the Puma product now, and we will be looking into that. Love this, however!!!!!!!
B00FVYRD4G love it! my son lives in those! easy to wear  easy to wash, modern and hip!!
B00FVYRD4G Great look My son loves these shorts. They are comfy, fit well, and look cool (his words). I love that they were a good value and wash well.
B00FVYSEDA So so cute!! So so cute. This did not occur if washing machine lint.My son is 22 months and the keys are a little small, so, saw some great clothes. It can cause so iteulgeot like this fall.
B00FVYYEIE good quility very good quility. good design. very recommendable. I think It is ok for girl and boy. puma kids proudts are always good
B00FVYYGBY Adorable for toddlers! My sister in law loves my nephew in this type of outfit so I had to get it for his birthday! The price was right and the orange is bright! Can't wait to see my nephew in it!
B00FVZGL2K awsoem price For the price, fit and style I gave this five stars. My husband even commented on it when my son had it on.
B00FVZGXBY Perfect for St. Patrick's Day I bought this for St. Patrick's Day as it was tough to find something green for him.  There weren't many size choices, so I bought the 12 month for my very large 6 month old.  It's long in the sleeves and legs of course.  But I'm glad he will get to wear it in the upcoming fall.
B00FVZGXBY Adoroable for a little boy. My toddler is extremely active and spends a lot of time playing outside.  This track suit has held up well to stains and repeated washings.It looks wonderful on him, as well.  Just like a big boy! :)
B00FVZIZP6 Disappointed. Design or color or satisfactory. Until laundry.Pants after washing lint to pass too harsh too.How do you enter the Doll to worry. If you do this every time you need to remove the fuzz is really annoying. Hand wash or dry and asked if I'd rather go after good ...Do not want to put on right now so.
B00FW29LNI Easy an Stylish I am very satisfied with this purchase.  It fit perfect and is very stylish.  Make sure not to wash or dry with knits because it will pill very quickly.
B00FW2A58S Very colorful sporty outfit Bought this outfit for my grandson because he was playing soccer for toddlers.  He loved the picture on the shirt and he looked great running after the ball.
B00FW2ARGI Ok I purchased the set for my 6yr old son, who is on the skinny side.  The shirt fits very well, but the shorts were very big, and the waist band was not very sturdy.  My wife has not washed the shorts.  I suspect they will not hold very well in hot water, but do not know.
B00FW2ATFC Puma Outfit I was completely happy with outfit. I bought it because of the material and it fits my grandson really well.
B00FW2AXQM Grandson Loves this!!! My grandson loves this outfit.  He told me the puma on this outfit is the fastest puma.  He wears a size 4T.
B00FW3UH08 Thought it would be cotton but it worked out fine for my son. Good fit, only drawback is that it is a fine jersey almost see through. But for summer day works out great.
B00FW3Y5GK Disappointed The lettering started coming off after a few washing's. We use the gentle cycle. I would recommend never to put this in the dryer. It seems overpriced. You are paying for the name. could be better for what you are paying for.
B00FW6QS26 Great shirt Fit like a glove.  My six year old grandson loves it.  His American friends not necessarily so.  Keep up the great products.
B00FW6RVSG ItAlia This was for my son.  He loves it.  Great way to celebrate the World Cup.  I wish I had one for myself.
B00FW6RVSG IT IS NOT A PUMA ITEM Chinese imitation. The item is not an original PUMA item. Even the rating under ITALY's crest is wrong showing 1 star only...ITALY won 4 World Cups.
B00FW6RVSG Loved it My son absolutely loved the top.....
B00FW6S8GA Somewhat small, but nephew loves it We expected our nephew to grow into this shirt, but from photos it looks like it fits him very well. He absolutely loves it.
B00FW6SA72 Good product Good product , great fit
B00FW6U50C The flag is wrong!!!!! Horrible, so disappointing! I should of looked at the picture better. They didn't have the flag right! Sent it back right away
B00FW6WMEE samller than others the shorts is smaller than I expected. The pocket is not deep at all
B00FWXD7MI Perfect! Ordered these for my 9 year old son and they are a perfect fit. They hit right below his knee.
B00FWXDM14 A nice jacket though a bit long My son loves this jacket. He does feel it's a little long but I ordered medium according to the Puma size charts I found on Puma's web page. He won't wear it much the next few months anyway so it should fit better once he needs it for Fall.
B00FXW626Q Jazmin Fit my granddaughter great for a first bra.  Excellent delivery.  Very well made and will purchase more when she grows.  She loves it!
B00FXW9CNG Great top, but do not put into dryer Very cute, got this top to replace a top I put into the dryer and forgot about. The pink lines that make the word puma all stuck together
B00FXXTAA0 Cute shorts! Love these shorts on my daughter!  I believe I got size 5 for my large (90% growth chart) 3 year old. She's quite tall, and they fit now and probably next year too!
B00G4CXB6S Five Stars I'm loving it
B00G4CXB6S Four Stars VERY COMFORTABLE SNEAKERS
B00G4CXB6S Ready for compliments I get so many compliments for these shoes. My new favourite! Very comfortable (and I usually never wear wedges), and the color is amazing
B00G5084SO Run Baby Run! My daughter uses these for running track and they are still kicking today! Fairly durable and colorful sock.
B00GFV505S Comfortable I love the way they fit. The pockets are in a great position deep pockets. They breathe they keep you cool why you're being active. I like the variety of colors.
B00GIS1P98 Four Stars Love the colors.  Stretches Really easy.
B00GIS1P98 Love it Daughter loves this outfit. Fits great.
B00GIS5HU6 Cute This outfit is cute. Its nice and breathable for the summer months ahead. My daughter liked the shorts. The material is very light weight.
B00GIS8KZA perfect for play great active wear!
B00GIS8KZA Very cute! Great material, cute outfit, great price.
B00GISD4PQ Shorts for Camp I bought these shorts for my daughter to wear to summer camp. They fit true to size and the colors are very vibrant and pretty in person. The fabric does wrinkle, but it is not really an issue since they are athletic shorts. Also, the fabric is a little stiff, but I think this will help them dry faster, which is what I want.
B00GISDDPM Rainbow shorts! My 3 year old loves mixing and matching clothes that are bright colors.... and so she loves these shorts and they look cute too! :)
B00GJ9RTIC Appropriately sized Great pants.  Fits the grandson perfectly.  Would definitely buy again as I have three more grandsons.  Look like they would last quite a while.
B00GJQYD4S Love these Socks Excellent pair of quarter socks.Very soft and comfortable, and fit like a glove.will purchase more in the very near future
B00GOMDGHM Very comfortable Comfy and don't slip off my heels ... Pastel accents are girly enough to keep my sock-abducting boys from snagging them (that alone is worth the price)
B00GOMDGHM Great Socks These socks are very comfortable. Great price for six pairs. Well worth the money .they fit perfectly with a little bit of cushion.
B00GOMDGHM Great Socks I love how these socks fit. I guess my only complaint is that my feet do get warm with these socks. They are soft and comfortable.
B00GOMDGHM Great It's just what I wanted.  Fits good and comfortable for working out! I would buy more puma socks from Amazon
B00GOMDGHM Mostly great I love how soft these socks are. They keep my feet comfortable during a workout. The part of the sock that goes where the arch of your foot is is just a little bit more elastic than the rest and it helps them really stay in place. I love that. The only part I don't like is how tall they are. I always fold down the tops.
B00GOMDGHM Super comfortable without being too thick. These are very comfortable socks. The bottom is slightly thicker than the top for added cushion without feeling too heavy or hot. They fit exactly as expected. I would have given them 5 stars but I did notice that several of the socks had little bits of &#34;other&#34; color thread woven in in spots. Like a tiny bit of orange thread woven in to the white top of one & a tiny bit of blue thread woven into the heel of another. I suspect that there were stray threads laying around at the factory that accidentally got woven in. Not a big deal, but not perfect either.
B00GOMDIMU OK CUTE COLORS, GOOD STUFF, MY WIFE IS VERY AGREE WITH THEM AND THE SETTING IS GOOD.RECOMMEND THE ARE VERY COMFORTABLE.IS GOOD.
B00GOMDIMU Awesome I bought these with gym intentions. Now I'd rather wear these than anything else! I did some probably over-done research on comfortable socks, but it was worth it. Nothing annoys quite like unreliable socks. These do not disappoint.
B00GOMDIMU Vibrant colors This sock is an anklet. I was worried it would be a no-show sock, which I don't like because they disappear down into my shoe and half off my feet. This sock is perfect. Very bright, sharp colors. Soft and thick, good quality. Shipping was normal. 4 stars for $18 price tag even though I know I'm paying for Puma name. $15 would've made me feel better :)
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks I live these socks! They are super soft, look really cute with different workout outfits and most importantly, don't slide down from my hill.
B00GOMDIMU Comfortable, soft I really like these socks. The only negative is that since they are all different colors, they might not be the best purchase if you're like me and lose socks a lot. You can't match the singles if they aren't the same color!
B00GOMDIMU Nice So far they fit well and are comfortable. The true test will be how long they last without getting holes in them.
B00GOMDIMU Love Awesome socks, super cute and comfy, true to size, awesome colors. Can match with any cute workout outfit... &#60;3 &#60;3
B00GOMDIMU Overall good running sock. These socks are good thickness with extra thickness on bottom. They keep my feet dry and do not bunch while runnng. My only issue was the the stitching was completely missing from the &#34;P&#34; on one of the socks; so, I threw that pair away.
B00GOMDIMU S.O.C.K.S. These are comfortable.  They fit my size 7 feet perfectly.  I just received these socks about 2 weeks ago, and they already have many miles on them.
B00GOMDIMU I like these socks These are nice fitting socks. I have a size 10-11 foot, wide and these guys are nice little socks. Not overly supportive, but they're a good fit for walking.
B00GOMDIMU Happy These socks are great and fit perfect. I was pleased that they do help reduce the swelling of my feet after a long day of walking around.
B00GOMDIMU Puma socks These socks were exactly what I was looking for. I love the material and they fit well. They are very comfortable.
B00GOMDIMU Very good Fits nice and they are thicker than the flimsy walmart socks after so many wears ur toes poke out.defintely would buy again
B00GOMDIMU Good brand of socks. I've ordered Puma socks before and they are a good, snug fit. Perfect for running or just around the house use.
B00GOMDIMU loved it! fit very well, stan in place when i wear them with boots, were the other kinda slide off, very pleased with the purchase!
B00GOMDIMU love these socks These socks are very comfortable and warm. So nice that I ordered more to put in my daughters Easter basket
B00GOMDIMU Super soft! They're perfect, thick bottoms and super soft! I will be ordering these again I. The near future. Thank you for the perfect socks!
B00GOMDIMU Snag City. The socks fit well and are comfy and warm, but if you are a person who walks through the house in only socks? Skip these. They snag and get pilly on the first wear.
B00GOMDIMU Super comfy I bought these based on the excellent reviews, and I was not disappointed.  They are worth the cost.  Very comfortable and cushioned.
B00GOMDIMU Nice socks! these socks are still nice and soft after a quite a few washes, I am pleasantly surprised.  the colors do not fade either, Nice!
B00GOMDIMU They are cute It feel so soft, I do like them, even they are not for me, I would recommend this product, nice Puma socks
B00GOMDIMU Great Product, Great fit, Very Comfortable! I would recommend this product to anyone who doesn't mind a heavyish sock.  They are very comfortable and I wear them whenever I wear my sneakers.  If your feet sweat a lot and/or you need lightweight socks I wouldn't recommend this product as the amazing padding (which is what makes them super comfortable) makes the socks a little heavy weight....
B00GOMDIMU Very Comfortable! You'll know you made a good choice when you feel how soft these are.  I went back and forth over the different types, but went with these because of the terry cloth.  Really nice.
B00GOMDIMU Beaufitul and colorful! They are the perfect compliment to my new PUMAs!!!!  No need to be uncoordinated...LOL  Hot colors just might make me run faster and give the extra something my workout lacks...
B00GOMDIMU Perfect Fit!! These socks are perfect!  I've been wearing the same running socks for years so decided it's time for new ones.  I love these.  They are cushioned just enough and fit perfectly!  My first run in them was so nice and I'm so glad I finally got new ones.  Oh - and they keep your feet dry and comfortable too.  I won't dry them in the dryer just in case it's too hot for the rubbery design that is the padding.  I think they'll last a long time that way.  Definately a good buy.
B00GOMDIMU A bit pricey, but worth every penny!! Get them! These are honest to god, the best socks I have ever worn. I usually have the problem of my socks slipping down to my arch, but I wore these to work and had no problems. I also wore them to bed and they were still on in the morning. They're cushy on the bottom but slim on the top. The perfect sock. Seriously, get these socks. You won't regret it.
B00GOMDIMU Finally... Soft, warm, comfy socks that I love! My feet are always cold and you can't put a price tag on your feet!!!
B00GOMDIMU Great Running Socks These are far better than any socks I have tried. They have nice cushion and it helps my feet not get too hot or hurt. Will buy more!
B00GOMDIMU Comfy socks Socks wear well. Good fit. Comfy as stated in title. I wear them daily with no problems. I would recommend.
B00GOMDIMU Softest socks ever! I wasn't sure if these socks would be worth the price, but they are.  They are extremely soft.  They have a thick bottom and a slightly tighter band of fabric around the arch, which keeps them in place.I may order another set soon.
B00GOMDK9Q Overall a very good Bargin comfortable,Great Buy,lots of great colors,soft yet snug enough to stay in place,and elastic is decent I haven't owned EM long enough for a longevity report.
B00GOMDK9Q still searching for socks that don't pill Wash these socks once, and there are pills all over them. I'd love to find some socks that don't pill. Still on the hunt. They also seem a little thin.
B00GOMDK9Q Just what I was looking for! Love these socks.  They stay up, aren't too tall etc. Overall a perfect fit!
B00GOMDK9Q Four Stars feet like expected
B00GOMDKBO Just the right thickness Super comfy and fit snug.  Not overly thick but thick enough to hold up.  Don't shrink too badly in the dryer.
B00GOMDKBO I love these socks These socks are awesome! I love that they are in color bc that way mine don't get confused with the other girls' socks in my house.
B00GOMDKBO socks They are not made with cotton, i slip and slide in my shoes and on tile floors. I will give them away and buy another brand. I would not recommend this brand of terry sock.
B00GOMDKBO good socks. I really like these socks. I'm an 8 1/2 and these feel great. plush and soft but airy. Print makes them easy to match in the laundry.
B00GOMDKBO Like very much I liked them so much I went back to order some more and they were unavailable. I was deeply disappointed. They are comfortable and relaxed fitting to the foot and I especially loved the colors.
B00GOMDKBO Puma socks I love puma socks and have worn them for years. These are not the thicker material I was expecting. I suppose that's my own fault for not knowing what non-terry meant. One of the socks had a hole in it. Overall I still liked them- just like the terry material ones better.
B00GOMDKBO Cute and comfortable These socks fit very well and are a very comfortable. They also happen to be extremely cute looking on my feet.
B00GOMDKBO comfy ankle coverage Love these socks! They're thick and soft, comfy and the ankle length is long enough to wear with my midi hiking boots.
B00GOMDKBO comfortable Received these as a gift. They are comfortable and fit well. Be sure to read the fit guide as it can be easily misleading. I wear a shoe size 7 and, apparently, that equates to a sock size of &#34;9-11&#34; I would have given them 5 stars but one of the socks somehow get a hole in the tow already, so that is disappointing.
B00GOMDKBO Good socks but.... a little think for me since my feet tend to get very hot quickly.  Good for winter but come summer wont be able to wear. Also they are not that low cut so if i wore shorts you would be able to see more than i would like. This is just my personal preference. They are a good quality comfy sock so if you like a little thinker and higher up crew thise would be great for you.
B00GOMDKBO "Nice socks!" &#34;I enjoyed them and they really looks nice when I wear them with my Puma athletic shoes! I would recommend these socks to buy!&#34;
B00GOMDKBO A little tight around the ankles These socks are adorable. Not to thick and the colors are so spring-like. The only problem is they are somewhat tight around my ankles. I assume they will loosen as I wear and wash them. That is the only downside to these though.
B00GOMS18Q Nice product! It was a nice purchase . I gave it to my brother and he likes it . It fits perfectly on his wrist.
B00GOMS18Q Nice gloves for the price Kept my hands warm on my recent trip to Canada to visit relatives.  Pay attention to sizing - they fit as stated.  I was happy with mine, they were comfortable and the closure at wrist was helpful in the snow.
B00GP2IV9E What I was looking for These are very comfortable sweatpants that do not cling to your skin like many sweatpants made these days. Too bad I can't find it in large anymore, otherwise I would have bought another one. They are a bit long but that's within the description I believe, and is very simple to deal with. Highly recommended
B00GUARSA4 Five Stars Hi loved my puma
B00GUATNR0 Charming Puma Pants I surprised when I saw his pants it is more beautiful than the picture I see it at amazon. The pants are light and soft I like the material very much , the design is very beautiful.
B00GUAUY1Y Cool Graphics Everything is good. I got no complaints. Puma and BMW logos are not ordinary like on regular shirts. Puma logo is embroidered and BMW logo is silicon.
B00GUAVD6Y Great workout top. Comfortable, light breezy. Fits just the way I wanted to. Would recommend to any who inquiries about tee. Nice surprise.
B00GV3GRJI He loved them from the moment he opened the box I bought these for my husband who is very picky about his shoes.  He loved them from the moment he opened the box.  He wears them every chance he gets.
B00GW110CI Perfect! What can I say PERFECT! Comfortable and warming very COOL love it! You should try it! I bought another from a different brand not gonna say name but this is Perfect
B00GW110CI Five Stars Look great comfortable and fitted. Only con is the wait it took 11 days to arrive.
B00H33RBVS Great Fit I ordered this jacket in a large for my son who is currently moving into the 14/16 size of clothing. This jacket fits well and is of good quality. I haven't washed it but new everything about it looks great. It is thick - but not too thick and will be great for warm nights or basketball warm ups. I would recommend it.
B00H6TWITE Real sneaker heads wear their Clydes Classic, black , cool and no stripe, what??? The original cool shoe along with furs and colorful suits  while swishing and dishing on you youngings
B00H7RZ5HC Great outfit I Love this outfit. Fits great and kid looks very cute. Washed several times and the colors are still great.
B00H85H8Q4 Like a lot I have had a few pairs of this type of Puma but in Steel Grey and was looking for more of those in a 7.5 but they have been discontinued so I settled with the black which is all I could find. I really like them... They have a little build up in the arch which is so much easier to wear loger without stress on your feet. They are fashionable, eye catching and awesome to wear. I am picky with my shoes and these were made for me, as long as it lasted.
B00H8PCR7E very nice It fits perfectly and comfortable, the fabric is the best. Puma is the best brand ever, just for the best team of the world
B00H96CV64 I love it just perfect!
B00HCMTOJW Love my pumas Really love my pumas!!! Very comfortable. Got a lot of compliments. They are eye candy, many people have stopped me
B00HCMTOJW great deal great deal. on every other site they are running for 130. wish i would have bought a half a size smaller though because they run a bit big.
B00HCMTOJW Golden!!! Love them!! These shoes are life in a box. Haven't worn them in public yet but I'm just waiting on the perfect day.
B00HCMTOJW LIKE, LUST, LOVED i SO LOVE THESE, ALTHOUGH THEY DO FEEL A LIL TOO BIG......SO ANY PPL ASKED WHERE DID I GET THEM FROM WHEN I WORE THEM!!!!!!!!! IT WAS A GD BUY FOR ME.
B00HDKKGKY All Purpose Wallet. I haven't carried a wallet in many years.  This is a sweet accessory that will hold up after much wear.
B00HDKKGKY kinda big the quality and finished product are what I expected. The wallet is however a bit wide. If you don't mind a wide wallet than you will like this one. I think its too wide for my personal taste and I no longer use it.
B00HEAX6DW Five Stars I LIKE IT
B00HHCKY8C Looks and feels great My boyfriend has been needing some new white tee shirts. He loves these shirts so much I bought two packs.
B00HJ82TP0 trendy euro-pants I feel like a hipster.  I am a 35 year old, living in new england...this is not ok.  for wearing around the home office, they rock.  the pockets are a bit cumbersome with too many zippers, etc.  but the pants are adequate.
B00HJDHKY0 nice!!!! Very comfortable not to tight definitely moister wicking for cotton. Would definitely buy these again. And they are very soft. And didn't shrink.
B00HJDHKY0 Five Stars Good
B00HK7DTIQ Great buy I love it...it's so cuteI will buy again thank youPostage and handling could be lowerIt's way too expensive
B00HK7DUNA LOVE IT! Super cute and fits great!!!  Love it!!!  My daughter is in 9 month clothes - I have trouble with most 9 month pants being too short for her - these were perfect length and has room to grow into them!
B00HNN4MLA Love the design Puma is a good label to me . I choose this leggings for workout or just walk around the block they are really comfortable and nice .
B00HNN4MLA Don't bother. First things first: I didn't order these from Amazon, but I feel that a review is needed.I ordered these as I wanted to spice up my workout wardrobe. Very first time I tried them on, they ripped in the calf area. Mind you, I actually sized up because I was worried these would run small. Unfortunately, I could not exchange them because they are no longer available in my size. I've mended the rip, but I rarely use them. I'm scared they'll rip again.Not only that, they are just...plain old regular leggings. Transparent, to boot. Found this the hard way in barre class.Two stars because the print is cute and the customer service at the site I ordered these from was really nice. Other than that, I'll stick to other workout pants, thank you.
B00HR18QFG Great Socks! Comfy and fits my 3 yr old perfect. She where's a size 7 shoe. A good amount of socks for the price!
B00HSE4MZA Great looking and fitting! This Puma t-shirt fits quite well and what's really great is this type of cotton is quite stretchable if for some reason it fits you a little tight. Nice graphic design and very athletic looking casual tee. I recommend it to anyone!
B00HSH997S These are for women, not girls. :) Thank you for the socks. They were great for my wife, but I was getting them and they appeared to be for my little 5-year old girl.
B00HSH997S Great for school and activities I bought these for may girls ages 9 and 7. They love them and fit a little big now, but I know they will grow into them.They both like the look and feel of them.  They are quite thick so I am hopeful they will last quite a while before holes start.  So far so good
B00HSH997S Fussy daughter loves them. My 4 year old is fussy about socks. I thought these were going to be an issue when I saw them. I washed them inside out before she wore them and she has no issues with them. Happy not to be fighting about how the sock has bumps anymore.
B00HSH997S Little feet I am a 4'11&#34; woman who has to go to the kid section to get socks.  I hate buying things online without trying them on, but you can't try socks on anyway.  I am very active and I love these socks!
B00HSH997S Perfect fit thick socks Great quality of socks, the little decor neon colors look great on the kids and are good to identify the socks.Pros+ Great quality, thick, soft cotton, durable+ Girls and boys use it in my house, they are not either girly nor masculineCons- Not seen.
B00HSH9C4I Great value Good socks. Really cute! Not sure what else to say. My feet are on the bigger end of the spectrum of the size I got. They fit great.
B00HSH9C4I Too small Had to donate as I had pulled all the tags off to try them on. What a waste of money, although at least someone will be able to benefit from new socks.
B00HSH9C4I Great socks for a great price! These socks fit just as expected, and weren't too small or too large. So far they have held up very well, especially considering the amount of wear they've endured. I cycle a lot, which puts a decent amount of friction within the fibers. They haven't developed any holes thus far, after owning them for over a month.
B00HUXSZ0W Great Socks My boys love the new high performance socks, but they're so expensive. These are affordable and my boys really love them. At this great price I can afford to keep them in these socks. Please keep providing great products at great prices. Thanks!
B00HUY9HVC Misleading sizing These socks very very small and cannot be worn by my daughter.  They would fit a toddler.  Very disappointing.  We bought based on the sizes listed.
B00HV4BBKG Great Wallet But A Bit To Big I Really Like The Wallet Bit To Big But A Great Wallet Came Really Packaged Nice And Protected Overall I Love It Everyone Should Get It!!!!!
B00HWZNHY2 Love this socks! I loved these socks - great price, nice styling, they seem to not be cheaply made either.  They wash well too.
B00HWZNHY2 Perfect I just received the socks and I love them! They're super comfortable and are made of a great quality. Perfect.
B00HZAAHRY Five Stars I have two!
B00I2OKXVM Just what I wanted Size is normal fits great!No issues with shoes, they are in great condition.I would recommend them to a friend.
B00I6D99M8 This area great for my 3 yr old These puma socks are great for the summer for my 3yr old. Make not that this is the thin version of PUMA socks, not the typical thicker kind.
B00I6D99M8 Loved the socks loved the sock but they were a bit smaller that I expected but will do. They washed up nicely also, did not shrink in the wash like so many other socks I have gotten in the past.
B00I9DPIEI LOVE this hat This is my new favorite hat. When I saw a cut n sew puma hat I was in. I got the brown since it will go with everything. I love the look, the simple design, and the feel of the fabric. It is almost like linen
B00I9GTJMM These Puma shoes are awesome These shoes are amazing.  A great balance between a shoes feel and a cleet.  Gives great traction on the ground.  Awesome in wet conditions too.
B00I9GTJMM Puma got it right! Great shoe. I usually order a size bigger but got a 13 and they fit really well. Played 2 rounds in them and the grip is just as good as if they had spikes. Best thing is I wore them after a round because they're so comfortable.
B00I9GTJMM puma faas grip shoes These shoes are intended for golf but they are very comfortable to where any time anywhere. Shipping is never on time but the deal was good. It was worth the wait for them.
B00I9GTJMM Butter Best golf shoes I've ever owned.  No question about it.  If you're reading these reviews to confirm or deny a purchase, just do yourself a favor and buy them.  If you've had a bad experience with Puma before (I have), block that out of your mind.  These are not your older brother's Pumas.
B00I9GU8VS Excellent eyewear Bought these at Costco for $25 and loved them.  They are now at the bottom of the lake and I'm having trouble spending $60 to replace them since Costco doesn't have them anymore.  But they sure were clear and comfortable, even while jetskiing.  They don't float.
B00I9V1IGC Good thin sock. 2 Orange & grey, 2 blue & grey and 2 white & grey. Perfect for summer in shoes or for around the house instead of slippers. He likes wearing them.
B00I9V1IGC Five Stars It was liked thank you
B00I9V1LXC I love these socks! I have purchased these socks before for my son, and each time, I am very happy with them.  They fit perfect, have a nice cushion and stay put on his foot.
B00IDFTLY0 My experience!!! I was pleased with my purchase an timing with delivery, the onesies fit nice an I'd shop with you again :)
B00IDGAWK6 nive fets nicely and love itamd cant wait to see what else my lil baby girl can het on amzon love
B00IEVFNWC Great! Got this for my Dad for father's Day, and it arrived just in time for Italy's first game. He loved it! Nice material, and great fit.
B00IEVFNWC Show Pride Forza Italia
B00IEVFNWC Five Stars Great price great look
B00IFOFT86 Five Stars Preciosas
B00IJ3WVHU Five Stars my nine-year and this is his favorite
B00IJVQBEG so cute.... This outfit was for my friends little girl....it looks so very adorable on her....now we just have to get the shoes to match...
B00IKDJYVA GREAT FOR GYMNASTICS Purchased this for my Grandson who love his gymnastics class. This outfit allows him to be more comfortable during his workouts and looks adorable in it. Made very well and fits well.
B00IKDJYVA good buy we match!!! some loves this, and he loves to wear it with his red pumas to! good boy!! ! !
B00ILXTRZC Ferrari Cap, exceed my expectations! Excellent Finish both interior and exterior, nice fabric materials, perfect rubberized Ferrari logo. Red detail under the visor making it more discreetly sport. I recommend this cap.
B00IMH9G26 Got complimented by it fits perfectly! everyone said something nice about it
B00IO6YCWY I really like these products because of their low prices I really like these products because of their low prices!I would suggest these products and also the use of your intarnational site to all off my friends!!!I also was really satisfied of their dilivery!!
B00IO6YCWY Glue on my hiney! If you work like I do and sweat, you will not like these as there is an &#34;iron-on&#34; tag in the back that comes off when you are hard at work and then the adhesive sticks to  your skin. Really annoying Needs to be an ink label in back rather than a rubberized iron-on tag.
B00IOGCNSE Very satisfied We all loved this Puma baby boy jacket, creeper, and pant set. They fit the baby very well and looked so good on him.
B00IOGCRXK cute outfits so cute paired with the puma socks this is an easy everyday outfit for my little guy !! soft and washed well !!
B00IOGD1ZI Five Stars Cute little outfits ..
B00IOWNMOM They are very comfortable. They look great on my feet I wear a 8.5 and these socks fit perfectly. They are very comfortable. They look great on my feet, however I found a whole in the bottom after only wearing them for a few hours of work. If you are looking for long lasting durable socks you should probably go with a different brand.
B00IOWNMOM great socks as always I love them. Other similar pairs have always held up very well and they're cushy and comfortable. These are great socks
B00IOWNMOM Perfect for working out My daughter who is ten already wears a size 7.5 so we are always borrowing each others socks. She loves them and they keep her feet dry when running around at school and I love them for the gym.
B00IP1FCYA Excellent product Excellent product and prize
B00IR939CM Ready for the World Cup!!! I bought this extraordinary soccer perf set for my baby son in green and yellow ( representing Brazilian colors:-) and the whole family loved!. Great idea to celebrate the World Cup!
B00IY2KHL8 Great socks Fit great and my grandsons say they are comfortable.  Love them!  I will be ordering more of the same.  Hopefully they are available in other colors, but the orange is fun!
B00IY2KHL8 Ughh. No where in the title or description does it say "Children's". I will, of course, change my rating if I can get a return, and the name/description changes to match the product. After searching for &#34;Men's socks&#34;, this was in the search results, so categories this is listed under must change as well.
B00IY2KHL8 Disappointed Company advertised as kids socks but when i received them they are clearly for toddlers not 9 year old boys. When I went to return them I had to pay for shipping. Company should better advertise sizes and 2 thumbs down that I had to pay for return  shipping.
B00IZP0IVS just socks Just your basic socks.  Could be thicker material.  Nice to get so many pairs for the price.  I have no complaints about these, nor anything to rave about.
B00IZP0IVS Puma Women's Socks I love these socks as much as someone can love socks.  They are very comfortable, do not slip or slide into my shoes.  They are the perfect amount of sock for me because I like to keep my legs uncovered.  These are warm enough yet breath.  I wear a size 8 1/2 to 9 shoe with a wide toe area.  The fit is so great and hugs to the entire foot with no loose or sagging areas.  They almost feel like I am not wearing a sock.  The colors match my outfits beautifully as well, so I don't mind letting them show. They seem to be made of a durable material, not thin like many socks, but also not too thick, so it seems they will not wear through easily.
B00J4RXO4E products pruchased Everyone of the pruchases mentioned works and looks as advertised.  I really think that they are all great.
B00JBPPS7A Four Stars gorgeus colors!!!
B00JE8TNMK Great summer sports outfit for hot Florida weather. Fits as expected. May be a little small but my son is also husky.I just got them. So I am not sure how they hold up yet.
B00JFOPRUK One Star Showed too much leg and my daughter refused to wear them.
B00JFOPRUK nice short for any sport! my size is 8-12, but I think this is a nice thing to wear for sports. The color is nice but what I like most is that it feels so soft.
B00JH5F9MS Lookin good Great little outfits. Got these for my boy and he looks good in them. Something different from the normal gallons or sports outfits in every baby store. They last after several washes from him spitting up on them. Definitely going to get something similar as he gets older.
B00JHAV9MM I think is knock off. but still a nice tank I like the tank but I think is knock off. I will return it if I find this same color combination this weekend at the outlet store
B00JR7F71O Five Stars Great buy thank you!
B00JRGK8NM Love these socks! Grey socks are hard to find.  I recently bought a pair of lowcut grey sneakers and all of my athletic socks are either black or white.  I love how the grey look with the sneakers and they are lightweight and comfortable.
B00JRH0UVQ Super soft, great fit! These are great socks. I own about 15 pairs of them. They also seem to hold up well over time.
B00JS2OQXI Socks not wearable My husband usually wears a higher athletic sock but thought he would like to try the low cut style. They are too tight around the top of the sock and is very uncomfortable and money wasted.
B00JS541X0 Comfortable, good-looking socks! Comfortable, good-looking socks. Great for summer! They are great to wear with lace-up shoes, but not so much slip-ons such as Merrell Jungle Mocs.
B00JSP9Q8A Five Stars Perfect i will buy more
B00JV8WF8W Five Stars Super comfy.
B00JVUR9UO Four Stars like
