B000203LLS I love these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!! These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool!!!!!!!! They are so comfortable! They are also very fashionable. They match with anything. I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion!
B000FPH5FI Puma shoes These shoes aren't that comfortable at first, but after I got used to them, they were all right. I would recommend that you only wear them for walking around, because these shoes won't be very good for anything more strenuous.
B000K7EIME Great fit! When I fist put these on they felt uncomfortable but wore them around the house for a while and now they are my go to shoes.  They're cute too!
B000R4XHRC Very uncomfortable shoes! I even ordered these shoes about a half size bigger and they are still far too uncomfortable and ill fitting.  Not a good shoe.
B000R4XHRC ????????! They were tight and uncomfortable I like to call Laura and look up their very uncomfortable I have nothing else to say
B000R4XHRC CRAZY UNCOMFORTABLE MADLY uncomfortable.EXTREMELY uncomfortable.IMPROBABLY uncomfortable.UNCHARACTERISTICALLY uncomfortable.YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE HOW uncomfortable.THE GENEVA CONVENTION SHOULD PROHIBIT THESE uncomfortable.
B0014Z5OEW Good shoes - good value I'm a soccer referee, and turf shoes are my preference as most of the fields in my area are hard-surface.  These shoes are comfortable and very functional, and come at a reasonable price.  What more could one ask?
B00166RR3K Excellent Shoes I went to DSW to and saw these shoes, but they didn't have any in my size. They had a number of shoes with the same design, so I tried on a few of those. These shoes are actually a few sizes bigger than I typically wear, so be careful ordering them online, it would be good to try them on in a store first.Other than that I love them! they are slick and feel really nice. Although, there isn't too much heel on them, so if you jump and land on them, it can kinda hurt a bit.
B001B524YI Woman's Runningshoe The show is very pretty, but the hard plastic back rubs blisters on my heals and I can't use the shoe to run, nor walk. I tried different socks (thick, thin, cotton, acrylic, ...) and also taped my heals to break the shoes in - didn't help.Pretty but useless :(
B001B57ZN8 LOVE these shoes! These shoes shipped quickly, were more than affordable and are a comfortable middle ground between a tennis shoe and a flat.  I love them.
B001CHEPW4 Cool shoes These shoes are so comfortable. I can wear them all day. So they make good walking shoes. I recommend it.
B001CHER90 Stylish but uncomfortable. I know they come in different sizes and all, but these shoes hurt my feet more than any other brands.  I like the design of the shoe, but at my age, I'm looking for comfort more than anything else.  I also have another Puma that fits the same uncomfortable way that I purchased b/c it was on sale.  I wear it just for style when it goes with my outfit.
B001CHF4GK pretty This shoes are realy cute , they are prettier in person than the pic they show here , + i get a lot of compliments .  my only problem was that the first time I wear these shoes bother me in the ankle and finished with pain for two days as the other shoes bother me.
B001CHG1YY Unisex.  That was the big alert. Like Time magazine found out in 1979, men and women are different.  I didn't read the fine print about sizing and received some EU fitting bad shoe that smelled like cheese.  If my feet ever go on a diet, these are the shoes they are going to want to fit in.  If they want to go on a walk, they will want better shoes.
B001CHG1YY Oh my god these suck! Alright, so I get these in the mail and I'm really excited as I need a new pair of shoes pretty bad. With huge feet finding a slim shoe to fit that doesn't look like circus shoes can be hard. They're very uncomfortable. I was told by a friend that these shoes are for the opposite race.
B001CHG1YY The best shoes ever Most confortable tennis shoes ever, even if it's raining, the leather doesn't feel as wet as others. I recommend them!
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes For a high school senior I think these are the sickest shoes I ever bought. There a nice re'd and very very comfortable with the soles that are in the shoes
B001CHG1YY Best shoes money can buy! I bought these shoes along with Adidas Gazelle. But Puma is way more comfortable and stylish! I am returning the Adidas!Love these shoes from the bottom of my heart!
B001CHG1YY Very good shoes These shoes are incredibly comfortable and they look good.  I've gotten multiple compliments on them. I really recommend buying these shoes
B001CHG1YY Nice looking but not super comfortable I bought these because they were on sale and they looked pretty cool. I was very excited when I got them. I put them on and instantly noticed how uncomfortable they were. I made sure the laces were pretty loose and tried again, still uncomfortable. I will give them a little longer before I say they are awful but I remember Puma's being a lot more comfortable a decade ago.Also, I normally wear a 13 (US) but I had to buy 14 (US). Puma seems to make them a little small.
B001E70R42 Comfortable Shoes I bought this shoes originally because i had seen some at another shoe store and after wearing them for a little while,i really like them.They are light and are pretty comfortable.I usually wear them with short khakis and they look good with most outfits.
B001H0EUOE Uncomfortable If you like to look good in despite of being in pain,this is the kind of shoe for you. Not good for walking too much. I had them on to go on a flight,when I got to my destination the back of my feet had blisters.
B001H0FDZ4 puma missed this time these are the most uncomfortable sneakers I ever bought, they are going to sit in my closet forever, they were a waste of money. Very disapointed in puma this time!
B001H0FFQG the best shoes ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i think these shoes are the best shoes i ever had (and trust me i have alot of shoes) they are comfortable and very fashionable people always ask me where i got them they cost alot but i think it is worth it !!!!!
B001H0FMQE puma voltaic shoes very comfortable workout shoes. The tongue is attached to the shoe. I've never had a pair of shoes like this before. My feet do move around a little when i do my kickboxing class. They are very pretty shoes. i would recommend them.
B001KYEAJM Plastic type "sneaker" Though this pair of sneakers were useful in the summer, due to the holes. My son found them hard and uncomfortable. He didn't last long in them, preferred crocs type.
B001OOMRYS uncomfortable.... I advice you to try looking for it localy before buying, i'm glad i did, it's very good looking but very uncomfortable too....I usually wear adidas boston shoes, and other running shoes~
B001OOMWIO Very good shoes Highly recommend these shoes because they are very durable, comfortable and convenient for sports activities compared to other shoes (at the time), my wife loved the overall model
B001SAP2CW Beautiful shoe, but not very comfortable Only worn for about a week.  The show is gorgeous, but ultimately uncomfortable.  Caused pain to my arches and I ended up buying barefoot shoes, which have been helpful.
B001VH6RPS relax Tired of tying shoes, then these shoes are the answer for you. They are casual, comfortable and stylish. I wear these every where and I love them.
B001VH7E3W Blisters The shoes look really sharp but I've had them for a month now and every time I go run I come home limping with terrible blisters all over my feet.  The bottom of my toes, the back of my heal... my blisters have blisters... I've tried wearing band aids but I get blisters under the band aids.  My adidas never gave me problems like these and I loathe to go running in my new shoes because even as I speak I have two huge blisters on the bottom of my left pinkie toe.
B001VH7QS0 Puma Cat Sneaker Nice shoes, I love them. They do have a spot in the arch that I need to get comfortable with but I am sure with continued wear I will. They aren't uncomfortable, just different. In fact if it weren't for having to adjust I would say they are one of the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn!
B001VKXHP8 I love these shoes they are so comfortable. I love these shoes because they are so comfortable. I love wearing them so much. I just fell in love with them.
B001VKXP7S Hard Shoes are very hard uncomfortable material is not very Good hard too my f&eacute;retro and didnt LiKe it Wont buy again
B002C4K9QW Looks great, but not the most comfortable Puma shoes I own I have owned 4 pairs of Puma shoes, and these shoes look great, however they are not very comfortable around the forefoot. It is a very wide fit at the front of the shoe, making it feel very unsupported. It's ok for wearing once every now and then, but after taking these shoes on holiday and wearing them every second day, I started getting blisters. I haven't had these problems with most of the other Puma shoes I own.
B002C4KFKM LOOKS ARE EVERYTHING Ok, so I have recently purchased two different PUMA sneakers.  I strictly wear "MY ADIDAS" but the pictures of the PUMA's brought me back to my childhood, and how cool these shoes were at that time.  As long as they look similar to the originals they are cool forever.  By the way what happened to Puma the last 15, 20 years?  They fell off, I guess they forgot the original look.  I ordered the size 13s.  They fit good, but I will only wear them for a short period of time.  Really uncomfortable shoes, but they are really cool looking.
B002ECFBUQ loved it I loved this shoes.  Perfect for my feet & worth paying.  The first time I wore this shoes it feels tight but after a while wearing outside, it is very comfortable.  Never hurts my feet.
B002EENI40 Cool looking shoes even for women! ;-) I've been very satisfied w/ the El Rey Cross performers. Especially as a women buying men's shoes. Men's athletic shoes run wider than women's. I was concerned that they'd be too masculine. These are really comfortable very great looking shoes! They even have an arch buit in.I am a 1st time buyer of shoes through AMAZON. I really don't have time to go shoe shopping these days. The shoes  got here quickly through FedEx. I'd consider buying shoes through Amazon again.
B002EENI40 I'd recommend these to anyone I love these shoes. I'm on my feet all day in a medical clinic and these shoes are perfect and comfortable.  In fact o even ordered more colors.
B002EENI40 it hurts my ankle so bad.... very uncomfortable. it hurts my ankle so bad.... very uncomfortable, after walk only 500m, it is good looking though, but i wont wear it.
B002EENIYA UNBEARABLE PAIN !! these shoes look really good and all.this is the most uncomfortable pair of shoes i have ever worn.the heel part is curved in and cuts into your heel..i was in pain after the first 4 or 5 steps i walked in them ...i have always found puma's to be comfortable, but not these..i am going to have to take buying these as a loss of [...]bucks..
B002EL3KQE Perfect all around I got these shoes for my daughter who is very pickey about what her shoes look like but won't wear them if they're even slightly uncomfortable. Thankfully she loves these shoes and they fit her perfectly. She especially loves the attention she gets when people notice the puma skeleton light up.
B002EL3KQE Blue Puma lights up Shoes fit my child very well and he likes wearing them.  In comparison he felt his Adidas Dragon shoes to be tight and uncomfortable and always wanted them off.  He will wear these all day long.  Everyone knows you run faster with light up shoes which is an added bonus.
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes but.... it is hard to tuck the feet into the shoes. the velcro on the straps are long so there is not much space you can widen the shoes to tuck the feet inside.
B002EZZWKW nice, very afforable shoes! The shoes really looks great and its comfortable to wear too. It's clean and very neat design is quite impressive!
B002KAOLGC Great shoes for roofing I am a residential roofer and I need shoes that are flexible and have good sole traction.  These shoes off er both, yet are extremely comfortable.
B002KAOLGC uncomfortable I really like the look of the shoe, that's why i bought it. When it comes to comfort these shoes suck. I wore them for a day and after around 30 min. of walking my heels started to bleed. I had to go back to my old shoes until i come up with a solution. I was under the impression that PUMA brand was comfortable/stylish. I guess not. I'm never buying from puma again.
B002LH4RMM Most comfortable shoes ever! My wife swears that these are the worlds most comfortable shoes.  She has gone through one pair and now had me buy her two more.  She absolutely loves the support and comfort of these shoes.
B002RFQJD8 Really bad! Puma is not a good brand at all, cause this shoes lose pimples sole in both pair of shoes, this is the last time that I buy this any puma shoes, I has already another shoes of this same brand, you can not wash it because starts discolour. this shoes are really bad
B002SSUUN4 Love these shoes! I am so in love with these shoes! They are very comfortable. And they look great as well. Very happy with my purchase!
B002YD8KIK SUPER AWESOME SHOES!!!!!!!!! the day i got these shoes they were sooooooooooo comfortable to my feet. Ever since I got these shoes I've been able to run 5 miles in less than 30 minutes!!!!!! Thank You Puma!!!!!!!
B002Z12SV6 My oficial airport shoes I love these shoes and they have become my official airport shoes.  Easy to slip on and off for security can be worn with or without socks.  Comfortable and stylish.  Most flat shoes and especially ballet flats cut into the front of my foot, not these.  I love these.
B0030BFBUK Super Comfortable I can walk for miles in these shoes. They are super comfortable and my feet can breathe. They are the best sneakers I have ever own.
B0030BFBUK Discontinued? This style of Yougorun's has been discontinued and they are the most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn.  I have wide feet and they do not cramp my toes together and make my feet swell.  I discovered Puma's about two years ago and have worn no other exercise shoe since.
B00361FQ68 It wasn't what i expected but was fine I like this colore and desing but this material was a little uncomfortable, I paid it in mi size but It's apparently smaller
B0036FT8WM Nice shoes Nice shoes, just worn them a couple of times but feel comfortable.  The only thing they are big and make your feet look big!
B0036FT8WM Pretty rockin' kicks. I purchased these shoes through Amazon because, and I'm sure anyone with size 11 shoes will agree, it's sometimes hard to find shoes in stores.  I was not disappointed.  I've always been a fan of brightly colored shoes, and the comfier the better.  These are very slick looking, and pretty to look at, obviously.  My only complaint (and I'm sure this will fade in time) was a bit of rubbing over the pinky toe, but I think the more you wear them, the better it gets!  Highly recommended.  :)
B0036FTB1A Worst Shoes Ever I purchased Puma Men's Voltaic 2 running sneakers, in the colors of limestone/red/white/shadow size 12, ASIN: B0036FTB92 on July 15, 2010 from Amazon.com.  I bought the shoes to wear them to work out in the gym and run on the treadmill. My experience of owning the puma shoes was a terrible one. Within a week of owning the shoes, I started to get a pain on my right foot. I had to skip out on activities that required pressure on my right foot. During this time, I stopped wearing the pumas shoes and within 3 days the pain was gone.  I then slowly began working out again and using the pumas shoes. I then again started to get discomfort on my right foot. I stopped working out again until the pain was gone in my foot. Once my foot felt better again I slowly began working out again but this time I did not use the pumas and instead used my Asics running shoes and I never felt that the pain again. The pain was painful. It felt like I was stepping on needles every morning I woke up and set foot on the floor.Buy other running shoes...they look good but thats it
B0037KMO1S hard shoes this shoes looks so grate,BUT they are very hard shoes (almost)plastic ,after walking for 15 min i felt pain ,and i got big bloody blisters on my feetDONT BUY THIS SHOES,waist of moneyafter wearing they for 15 min now its goes in trash :((((((((((
B003EE49MY Looks sharp, but painful fit The shoe looks great, but the back of the shoe is incredibly stiff and uncomfortable. I developed blisters on both heels after walking for a mile the two times I've worn them. Would not purchase again.
B003EE9O4W great shoe My son loves these shoes! They're comfortable and seem to be holding up well. He's six, active, and hard on his shoes.
B003EE9O4W Puma Shoes Theses shoes have Very nice design and look comfortable. But My son complains it hurts his feet. He refused to wear them.
B003EEBGQQ Great Shoes! These shoes look great and are very comfortable.  Too bad they are so hard to find now, I would by more if I could find them!
B003EEBGQQ Uncomfortable shoes I used these shoes for work (8 hours standing) my back and knees got really hurt from the not really recommended for work, the size is tight so take that in consideration. they just look good
B003MAJWCW Awesome Shoes I have only worn them a few times, so I can not vouch for their durability, but they are soooo comfortable! Feels like walking on air. Super sexy for sneakers, and they make my feet look so small. They might run a little big; I wish I had bought a half size smaller, but I can just get thicker socks. Love them and love the colors!
B003MAJWCW Pumas Shoes started to have creases in the front after just one day of wearing them. They are a bit uncomfortable but maybe that's because I have to break them in still. However they did leave me blisters on the back of my heel :( These are my first pair of pumas. Next time I'm looking for a pair of tennis shoes I'll just go with Nike. They are way more comfortable
B003MAJWCW Love these shoes I bought these shoes for myself and after reading the reviews I went a half size bigger. They are very comfortable and light weight. Very happy with my purchase looking forward to buying more of these kind of shoes just different colors.
B003MAJWCW awesome shoes I recommend these shoes to anyone with feet problems. I have diabetic nerve damage (neuropathy) and my feet feel so much better.
B003MAJWCW love the shoes Love the shoes! Very comfortable and seem to run true to size. I own these shoes in 3 different colors.
B003MAJWCW uncomfortable These shoes were very uncomfortable, and we basically are stuck with them since my daughter wore them once. Unless you wear something it's hard to know if it feels good or not. I am not satisfied at all and I am out about $60.00.  Something is wrong with this specific shoe because we have two other pair that are comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Sleek and comfortable The soles were immediately comfortable, but the leather on the top of of the toe took some breaking in.  At first, the crease that formed was very uncomfortable.  That issue took care of itself after about a week of breaking in.The shoes are as classy looking as shown in the photos.  The one odd thing is that the the laces are very ribbon-like.The bottom line is that I'm happy with the shoes, and I would recommend them.
B003MAJWCW These shoes are the most comfortable ones Ive' ever owned. I will recommend these shoes to all of my friends and family. They are well made and very comfortable. The cost of these shoes was very reasonable and the quality is good. I would order similar shoes any time I'm in need of new shoes.
B003MAJWCW Not happy I have worn Puma before.. I thought these were the same ones, apparently I was wrong! These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn!!
B003MAJWCW Uncomfortable, Not Correctly Sized, and Overpriced PUMA Soleil Leather shoes were returned for refund because they were not only larger than the usual cut for size 7-1/2, but the uneven construction inside the shoes were uncomfortable and would have hurt my feet when walking (the inner soles were not smooth but had some type of seam across the upper portion).  I purchased a pair of PUMA walking shoes about a year ago that I have been trying to find -- and while these PUMA shoes that I ordered looked like the pair I was trying to find -- they were not.  They are uncomfortable, not correctly sized, and overpriced.
B003MSMI2K great most comfortable shoes I have ever bought. The best value for these shoes. I would recommend them to my friends.
B0042AMXNQ great design but not comfortable it's a beautiful shoe but the material is very hard. it's uncomfortable to wear and noisy on the street. i did not expect that because all puma shoes i have ever had where VERY comfortable and very robust. i love them all but sent this one back...
B0042AN4CU Not too bad Shoes were what I expected and pretty inexpensive. The only issue I had with them is that they feel a little heavy and inflexible on my feet which makes them hard to use for aerobics.  I use them for weight lifting and walking.
B00439GBOS shoes another gift purchase for my son. H said these athletic shoes were/are very comfortable, and he has gotten alot of wear out of them.
B00439GCEM most comfortable shoes! These are one of my most comfortable shoes. They are great walking shoes. Fit so well it almost seems like I don't have any shoes on.
B00439GCEM LOVE THESE SHOES!!!!!!!!!!!! Love the color and style of these shoes. They are very comfortable and can be worn all day. They look cute with anything you wear.  Would highly recommend these shoes.
B00439GCEM Super Cute...Super Uncomfortable! I was so excited to get these shoes. They are so cute and great to wear with summer outfits when sandals are inappropriate. I wore them to work (office work) first and they were uncomfortable but ok. Then I wore them to the park and did some walking. My feet hurt within 15 minutes of easy walking. I've tried wearing them to the grocery but still my feet hurt after a short period of time. Another thing I discovered is that they are very slippery when its wet outside! Though these are the super cute, they are not good for anything but an occasional day at work. I am upset that I bought two pair in different colors thinking they would serve my purpose. I should have asked my daughter who has another style of Puma, she now tells me hers are uncomfortable too. I would not buy these shoes again nor would I recommend them to anyone.
B004DN6GHQ Excellent and Very Comfortable Shoes! These are my favorite tennis shoes! I absolutely love them! When I wear them, my feet feel amazing! They are very stylish and look awesome! Definitely a great buy for anyone that runs and is active!
B004GB0TMI The walking shoes Awesome shoes, veryyy comfortable, good looking, and good for sports and walking for anyone who wants to walk around without problems
B004GB0U6S great shoes love these shoes! very classy looking and looks great with a number of different outfits/styles.  the shoes are uniquely designed & very comfortable.
B004GB0U6S ok shoes These shoes are very cute, but kill ur feet.  I can only wear them for an hour or two before my ankles blister.  I would NOT recommend buying these shoes because mine have become a $50 paperweight.
B004GB0WBQ Aweful! This is one of the ugliest shoes I have every seen. It looks cheap and not very functional for any kind of athletic activities. This was my first Puma shoes and it did not impress me very much. I sent them back.
B004GB0XVA Best Looking and most Comfortable shoes ever! These shoes are very very comfortable! while they are surprisingly narrow they are still the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought. They are also very easy to clean, which helps because they somehow get dirty every week (because of me, not the shoes) overall I recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to be comfortable and stylish at the same time! Comfortable
B004GB0YHS Comfortable These shoes are a great for for those whose toes are wider than their heals.  It's a nice shoes and looks great!
B004GB11O8 Lookin Fly I bought this for a gift for my dad.  The shoes looks great on his feet and are very comfortable.
B004GB11O8 I love these shoes they are so comfortable especially when your ... I love these shoes they are so comfortable especially when your walking around campus. Plus these shoes can take some beating
B004GB14HM Best all purpose shoe, EVER! These shoes were bought for one purpose,  Walking after knee surgery.But after walking my first mile and coming home to kick off my shoes  and kick back, I realized that my feet were more comfortable with them on.  And they've become my go-to shoes for slipping on to run an erand and pretty much everything else!My knee is healing at a rapid rate and I feel great with mmy progress physically and in knowing that although I bought them for only one rason they have proved to have many reasons to wear them and buy more from Puma in the future.
B004GNQIOE Don't tie your shoes too tight! I ordered these shoes and got them just before a trip to Cedar Point.  They were terribly uncomfortable walking in them for a couple hours.  I made the mistake of tying them too tightly and the side of the shoe that holds the lace holes pulled out down near the toe.  I love the look, but they are the worst shoes I have ever bought.  Uncomfortable and cheap.  I'd skip these.
B004IPYRLG Numb Feet These shoes are a horrible waste of money. I have tried doing aerobics, outside walking and treadmill walking. Feet numb every time. I HATE these shoes! Pretty sure they will be going to goodwill.
B004J4XHMQ Love these shoes! I really love these shoes.  They are stylish and fit well.  These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned!!!  Awesome!!
B004J4XNNO Uncomfortable flats Surprising for an athletic shoe company, but these Puma flats are very uncomfortable in the heel area due to poor design - sharp edges dig into the heel.
B004J4XNNO She loves these shoes My wife loves these shoes, no &#34;break-in&#34; required, comfortable from the 1st time she wore them. Do highly recommend these shoes.
B004J4XNNO Great shoes! Very comfortable and very versatile shoe. I wore these on a business trip where I was walking almost all day long, no blisters and very happy feet!
B004J4XNNO LOVE THESE SHOES!!! Shoes run true to size, look great with everything and are VERY comfortable.  I have since ordered in two additional colors.  Can't recommend them highly enough.
B004J4XNNO Love them! Best ever...I work 4-5 hour retail shifts and am on my feet the entire time. These shoes didn't require any break in time. I usually get blisters on my heals the first time I wear new shoes, but not with these. I'm ordering 2 more. I usually wear a 7 1/2 or 8 so I ordered the 7 1/2...it was a bit short so I ordered the 8 and it was perfect.
B004J4XNNO Get Tons of Compliments on These Shoes! I normally find ballet flats to be uncomfortable, but these shoes feel like tennis shoes on the inside.  I wear them with capris, jeans, and even casual dresses.  I receive compliments every time I wear them.
B004KP73OC Uncomfortable They are so very uncomfortable. I love puma and didn't think I could go wrong but these were just not possible
B004M4DBGA Barf I am an avid golfer and these shoes are terrible. Don't buy them. They run really (I mean really) small and they are really uncomfortable.  I would not wear them to go on a walk.
B004SUANZU Supreme Comfort These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  The quality of the materials and workmanship is top notch.  You will be very happy with these shoes.  As a side note, I wear an 8.5 in almost every shoe but I wear a 9 in all Puma shoes.  You may want to order one half size up.
B004T3M57K Awesome Pretty comptible shoes, and price is excellent, best shoes I've bought for under $25, they're are really really light, not heavy at all and they do the job for casual everyday and weekend shoes. Would really recommend these ones if you're of the ones wo uses Vans or All Star, style is great also.
B004TLARJ0 Looks can be deceiving I love Puma shoes very dearly, but these shoes were not as great as I had hoped they would be.  When they arrived I immediately noticed how cushioned they'd be and was extremely excited to wear them for the first time.  I wore them when I traveled home from Arizona to Michigan, and I got blisters on both my heels!  Normally I don't get blisters from Puma shoes and I would have never thought it would even be possible in a shoe with that much padding.  It's possible my feet were just swollen from being up in the air and whatnot, so I'll let it slide, but I'm still a little disappointed.  Just be warned these may not end up being as comfortable as you think they will be!
B004TLARJ0 Uncomfortable sole The sole on these shoes is extremely uncomfortable to stand or walk on due to the narrow strip of rubber on the bottom of the shoe.  If they are in fact &#34;driving shoes&#34; as the inside sole says, okay.  But if you need to walk or stand, OUCH.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable shoes These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Bought them so I'd have an athletic shoe during the winter that wasn't my toe-shoes. Bought them as a gold box deal-of-the-day so they were VERY affordable thanks to Amazon (at almost 50% off it was an amazing deal).
B004ZIP5GW Amazing shoes These shoes are very comfortable and exceptionally great looking.  I would recommend buying these shoes.  Great deal from a great brand.
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoes! Very comfortable shoes.  Puma consistantly make shoes that feel great the moment you put them on.  No breaking in needed!
B004ZIP5GW Too little... I bought this one at the same time with an other PUMA shoes, I have the same problem, the Shoes are too little . I guessed Puma shoes are differences from other manufactures in sizes.....
B004ZIP5GW Very Comfortable These shoes are great! My fiance has flat feet, so he finds many shoes to be uncomfortable. These shoes, however, he loves. He always has trouble finding shoes, so when his old ones wore out, I ordered him a pair from Amazon. He loves them. I'm pretty sure I'll be ordering them again for him.
B004ZIT63U Love the shoes Great shoes!!! My kid love them, the colors are fantastic and pretty comfortable. I will buy them again anytime. Love
B004ZITHZC Perfect shoes My oldest son loves his shoes. It was hard for me to train him wearing shoes, because he would always take them off. But not these ones.
B00517MAU0 Huh? Huh?  My son's soccer coach said THESE WEREN'T EVEN SOCCER SHOES.  The position and type of cleats make them baseball shoes.  I had to go out and buy another pair of shoes for this season. Geez.
B0053YAH4M Nice shoes Pretty cool colour! comfortable shoes! quick delivery! these shoes are as I expected! I'm happy with these puma shoes for  my sport lifestyle!
B005438OCY comfortable When I first got these shoes they were so light I didn't think they would be comfortable but they are the most comfortable shoes I have and very attractive
B0054D2G7I Crazy lightweight, not enough padding These shoes are decent, but I wish I hadn't paid so much for them. Got them to replace Puma's that were too tight, but are now discontinued. These got great reviews, and they're definitely the lightest running shoe I've ever used (I'm only a novice runner, btw) but they're just not as padded as I'd like them to be - I can use these for a brisk walk and a short job but I'd never be able to really run in them.Be warned that the insoles are very thin - my feet are normal width and I can just feel the edges - so if you have wider feet it would be very uncomfortable to wear.
B0055QR480 Good stuuf I bought these shoes trough amazon the shoes that I got are really cool the same as description I am really happy with them, they sent them on time .
B0056YH1PW Love these shoes These shoes are very comfortable.  I can exercise in them or just wear them for casual days.  They are very cute!
B0058XEVXQ Great shoes! Amazing shoes my husband lovesthem, looks great and fits great! Recommend to anyone for sure, every day or going out shoes.
B0058XF60I great One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased! Stability and comfort are noticeable more so than other shoes
B0058XF60I great shoes i really enjoy these shoes... super comfortable plus for the price i got them for it makes it all better.
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes I have owned a pair of DC skate shoes and to go from them to these it honestly wasn't to hard to make the change, the overall comfort of these shoes are great.I do have one con bout these shoes, I could where my DC's right out the box, I had to re-lace these and loosen up the laces for them to be comfortable, they were very tight on the outside part of my feet.
B0058XFAMC Good Shoes These are great mainly because of the styling. They aren't the most comfortable shoes ever but they aren't terrible. I've always liked the design of Puma shoes. Additionally, the aglets for this shoe are surprisingly detailed.
B0058XFC7U Work Shoes Very Comfortable.  I bought theses shoes to wear at work.  I work 12 hour shifts in a very big Hospital.  I am on my Feet most of the day.  Love these shoes.  I would recommend
B0058XFP86 Awesome shoes Awesome shoes & very comfortable to wear & looks amazing with 3 4th or shorts.Would recomment it to anyone who enjoys easy to wear & comfortable sports shoes
B0058XFP86 Comfortable, and awesome! I bought these shoes not expecting much (for an online order) and they are probably the most comfortable shoes i've ever owned.
B0058XGI5A No curve? Its like the shoe was made for a totally straight foot with no curves. I really liked the style but it's one of the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever tried on. It pinched really bad and I don't have a wide foot. The length was okay though and fit as expected.
B0058XH4L2 Great once you break them in. I get complements on these shoes every time I wear them. They are very comfortable and sturdy. The only problem is that I had to use a shoe stretcher to make the heels stop giving my foot blisters. Once I forced them to break in, they became my favorite, most comfortable and cute pair of shoes.
B0058XH4L2 I love these shoes! These are real nice shoes. Easy shoes when you just want to put on shoes fast and go. Very comfortable to wear when walking around.
B0058XH4L2 Cute but sooo uncomfortable There's something on the stitching in these shoes that made them impossible to wear - they rubbed my feet the moment I put them on : ( Other than that, the cushioning & color were great.
B0058XH5D4 These shoes saved my feet! I specifically bought these shoes to wear in Disneyland. In the past I've had some bad experiences walking around all day and finding my feet bruised and blistered. I spent 4 days straight running around Disneyland in the Puma Voltaic 3's and my feet felt great. They are the most comfortable shoes I own, and I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 heavy and cause blisters on my heels These shoes fit OK, but are not comfortable on my feet. These shoes seem heavy to me and a bit stiff which has caused these shoes to cause blisters on the backs of my heels if I wear them all day. They are not very comfortable to work out in.
B0058XH5D4 Love the shoes!!!! Love these Shoes!!! Very Comfortable... 12 hrs on my feet in the hospital was much more bearable with these shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Most comfortable shoes ever My husband and I started buying Puma shoes a few years ago and have never went back. These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, and I get a lot of compliments on them.  I don't use them for running, so I'm not sure on their performance, but they work for my day to day shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable These shoes are very comfortable and love the colors together!  I would recommend these shoes to anyone.  The only thing is they are a little wide.
B0058XH5D4 comfortable shoes Hard to get my feet into the shoe but plenty of room and comfort once I'm in! Did not help with my shin splints, though, which was my hope.
B0058XH5D4 Poor design I bought this shoe in two colors.  Not only were they uncomfortable and made the side of my foot numb (there is little that you can adjust with the one piece design) but I have not been able the break them in so that I don't blister every time i wear them.
B0058XH5D4 Design flaw (?) The shoes looked really nice and I loved the color but had to return it.They are poorly designed; the heel is too short. It makes one's tendon too stretched. Very uncomfortable to wear, certainly not recommended for running or for wearing long term.
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable The toe area is very wide in this shoe. That actually made them uncomfortable to run in. I use them for walking with no problems.
B0058XH5PM Amazing Well these shoes are really comfortable, and the shape and design looks great. I really enjoy it and in a future I will get another ones.
B0058XH5PM Great shoes!!!! Very comfortable easy on easy off. Great when paired with UA ankle socks. A little uncomfortable barefoot but not bad enough to change the rating of five stars
B0058XHEBM Look good but the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever worn. These shoes are terrible. I followed the other reviews and decided to order 1/2 size larger than normal. I have a somewhat narrow foot and these things make my foot feel huge. I thought they would get worn in and be comfortable but after 1 1/2 months of wearing them every day I am officially giving up. Also, I am fairly easy on shoes and the soles have begun to detach. I know they are cheap shoes but they are very low quality. I would not recommend these to anyone.
B0058XHN6I Uncomfortable Shoes are not comfortable.  Very little toe room and shoe rubs edge of foot under big toe.  Would not buy.
B0058XHN6I Too hard Great design, but shoe is hard and does not fit well over the toe arra.  Cut o ut design on side does not lay flat against foot.  Returned purchase.
B0058XJJ88 Great Shoes! These shoes are great! They are the lightest shoes i've ever worn and everywhere I go someone has something nice to say about them. They were a great buy and I would recomend them to anyone!
B0058XJS0C Not for me Uncomfortable in length but is cut lower than I prefer across the arch and feels loose and sloppy at heel.
B0058XLB5W Love these shoes I bought these shoes in ceramic green while I was in Rome.  My feet were killing me while I was roaming the city so I had to find a comfortable shoe.  They saved my feet.  They are so comfortable.  I wore out my shoes after wearing them everywhere for a year.  They are only shoes I travel with now.
B005CAVWLY GREAT SOCCER SHOES EXCELLENT FIT I LOVE THESE SHOES , AT FIRST A LITTLE HARD BUT WEAR THEM A COUPLE TIMES AND NOW GREAT SOCCER SHOES,  I ALREADY RECOMENDED  THEM TO MY FRIENDS..  THEY LIKE THEM TOO..
B005CKHVKK Good shoe Agree you need to go up a size, after reading the reviews I bought a 9 1/2 when I usually wear a 9. The first day I wore them, they were a little uncomfortable but now I love them
B005CVWYPG PUMA shoes LOVE THEM, LOVE THEM, LOVE THEM!  Have the best luck with shoes from PUMA.  Hard to find shoes in my size that don't have the &#34;alphabet&#34; on them, or Barbie, or SpongeBob Squarepants.  54 year olds don't look good in shoes that light up!
B005ER4BS6 LOVE THIS SHOES! i don't have words to explain how good this shoes are!... this shoes are beautiful i really recommend this to everybody...
B005HEN3GW great shoes the shoes are great very comfortable I would highly reccomend anyone who walks the course when they golf to order these shoes
B005I19DH2 The Best Shoes in the World these are the most comfortable shoes i ever gotten that arent athelic shoes. they got great support. the grip is really good and overall i am very happy with the shoes and the price
B005I6YAU2 Shoes pinch toes The shoes bend in such a way when you run that they squeeze your toes. This is because the padding on the kicking portion is split so that the shoe only bends in between the pads. That portion then digs into your toes. Very uncomfortable while running, which is obviously a problem when playing soccer.
B005IKJ2D8 Great Looking Pair of Shoes! I love these shoes! I was looking for a feminine/fashionable pair of athletic shoes that I would be able to walk around all day in and these do the job. Within the first couple days of wearing them I got several compliments.  I have large feet (size 11) so I find it hard to find feminine looking tennis shoes so I loved that the design/style of this shoe is sleek which I think makes my feet look a bit smaller.I also have flat feet and found these shoes to be very comfortable without having to wear arch-enhancing insoles that I normally wear with my tennis shoes. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend to other women looking for cute but comfortable shoes.
B005OLVDCO Like it, over all If you have wide feet it will be uncomfortable, should order 1/2 size bigger, the style of the shoes is very nice, I like the shoes over all,
B005OS7VPA amazing walking shoes! these are super comfy and roomy. they are very light and loook stylish. The elastic that goes over the top is designed for skinny feet, so buyer beware! my feet are skiny and the elastic always marks my feet. it is not uncomfortable, but again, my feet are skinny... anyway, i still love these shoes!!!
B005OTA9R6 Puma women's Janien dance shoes rating - poor, fit awful, just really uncomfortable, hard to dance in or do tai chi class should have returned them but did not.
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes I ordered this shoes for my Zumba class. They have been great so far, just what I needed it. I am very satisfies with my purchase.
B005OTA9R6 Really nice! The back of the shoes is a bit uncomfortable but wth good socks its ok. Other than that I love them, really good for work outs n runs!
B005ZFCUIA Bought for my wife She loves these sneakers. They were uncomfortable for a couple of days, and once her feet &#34;learned&#34; new shoes - she started to wear them everywhere she goes.
B005ZFCUIA super cute shoes love this shoes, im on my feet most of the day. These shoes are super comfortable and look cute with anything you wear
B005ZFCUIA favorite shoes. I love these shoes! They are my favorite shoes ever. Very comfortable!  I always get complements on them! :) :) :) :)
B006MWH1S4 best shoes These were the first Pumas I have ever purchased and I will never buy another brand these shoes are the most comfy shoes I have ever worn in my life!!!! I love the way they fit I love the look and I love how light they are
B006OEY2NC Puma Golf Shoes Most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn. Good grip on the course, as good as shoes with spikes.Love them.
B006OEY2NC Excellent Wore these for the first time today.  I always walk when golfing and had worn tennis shoes in the past for comfort.  These shoes are just as comfortable and there was no break in period.  Highly recommend!
B006QOJ3HK Puma Voltaic 3 nm shoes I love these shoes.I am a postman and walk all day long and these are the most comfortable shoes that you can buy.
B006QOJ8PM NICE SHOES!! I USED THESE SHOES FOR THE GYM - THERE GREAT, LIGHT, COMFORTABLE, IN OTHER SHOES I RUN IN SIZE 9 SOMETIMES 8 1/2  -- IN ALL THE PUMAS I EVER OWN IM 8 1/2 -
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Great shoes, got them to wear at work where I am on my feet all day. Would recommend as work out shoes as well.
B006QOJDAW Super uncomfortable I was very excited when i ordered sneakers. But i was highly disappointed when i saw this one.! Not expecting this kind of shape,design and comfort from Puma. This sneaker is very uncomfortable. I wont recommend it for anyone.!
B006QP1SCC It is cute but not for walking shose this shoes it is so cute but it is hard tough on your feet.  It is not good for long walk.
B006QP1URU Love this shoe Love! So comfortable. On my feet for ten hours and my feet feel great. I will only buy puma shoes from now on
B006QP1W0U Really nice looking shoes - Loved it I loved these shoes. They are comfortable and you can wear it to any go any place. The only thing I changed on it was the shoes lace. I thought it was too pink for me. So I changed to a black one and it gave another face to the shoes.Thank you.
B006QP37LW Uncomfortable Stiff and dont flex with feet, not at all comfortable... kinda pretty if you want to keep your toes straight when walking
B006QQ1HZ4 Love these shoes. I bought these shoes for my fiance and he loves them. They are very comfortable and the style is great. I love them on him.
B0071BW9KK Very comfortable It's nice and comfortable but not good for long walks I find my feet hurts a little when I do so.
B0071BW9KK vERY BAD very uncomfortable, my feet feel tired when I walk .. and swollen. untied shoelaces .. not recommend them, they feel like soccer shoes
B0071BW9KK Cheap shoe that hurts Poor quality material. Tongue is made of plastic that cuts into ankle. Back of shoe is curved in weirdly and rubs against my heel - got a blister within 30 min. Not at all comfortable.
B0071BW9KK Yuck Ok, these are rather cheaply made, run very big; and make my feet look like boats. They aren't extremely uncomfortable; but have significant dents on the top from only wearing them around the house a few times. I don't know what Puma is doing with their laces on some of their sneakers lately; totally cheap ones! Color not bad; but they look so bad on my feet that they are 'closet sitters;!  Will eventually either toss them or give them away!
B0071BW9KK No traction, not too comfy. This shoes have absolutley no traction to them, and they back cuts into the back of my foot and gave me blisters the first two times I wore them. Not crazy about these shoes.
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn. The first and only day I wore them I got blisters on my heels. I will never purchase this brand again. Waste of money!! :(
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable Hate it, very uncomfortable. wont recommend it. Hurts when I walk, it is a waste of money. Worst puma ever
B0071BW9KK Comfortable and good looking! Yes, the first time I put these on, the backs rubbed against my heal and was uncomfortable.  But, after they broke in (only one day's wear) they were super comfortable, like the Puma brand is very well known for.  I have received so many compliments about these sneakers.  Love the colors and look of this shoe!
B0071BW9KK Nice shoes If it's fine is just the tag on the back rubs my heel. A little uncomfortable!
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable shoes! It cuts into ankle and gives me blisters. I bought this shoes for my ZUMBA class but cannot wear more than 5 minutes. It needs to go back.
B0071RIL74 too hard on the top the material on the top of the shoe is too hard and hurts since it is not comfortable for kids
B0073FRPX0 Excellent I was excited to see this shoe come out and it hasn't disapointed. I have an old pair of Puma running shoes that are about 7 years old and, while they are worn out, are still the most comfortable I have ever had. This shoe is just as comfortable and my feet are loving it. Now, I am a big guy (6'2" and 205 lbs.) and shoes are different for everybody, depending on your feet, but the only shoes I would put up there with Puma for comfort for me are Brooks.The only problem I've had with Puma is finding one that isn't ugly.
B0073IRJOW I have the shoes and everything about delivering is fine. There is only so I'm not happy and is that one of the shoes on the sid I have the shoes and everything about delivering is fine. There is only so I'm not happy and is that one of the shoes on the side handles to tighten the foot is broken without sewing. If you have any questions for me, I have photos if you want me to send you whenever you receive this message I took those pictures before wearing them, but I can't use the shoes because they not good! :/
B0073ITVP2 Love these shoes These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I injured my foot and these were the only shoes I could wear without intense pain. Very comforting.
B0073XIHRA Great look, but uncomfortable This shoes look awesome, great quality. However they didn't fit me at all. Even though they feel to be true to size (mine is 6.5), as noticed in another review, it's very hard to get in because of this rubber thing on the top. Once I made it, that same thing pressed my feet so hard that it hurt. I ended up returning shows. Very disappointing, because I loved the style.
B0073XIITC nice shoes I have a similiar style by nike that are very uncomfortable, but went ahead with these because of the reviews.  They are very comfortable,  and cute, I like them alot!
B0073XIITC Uncomfortable I'm pretty picky about shoes and these are very heavy & stiff. I ended up getting rid of them after trying to &#34;break them in&#34; for a few weeks.
B0073XIITC Hard and unyielding shoes! I am soooo disappointed.  After the reviews I read, I expected comfortable shoes.  These are hard and unyielding.  Maybe they need a break-in period but I'm not willing to risk it.  I would not recommend these shoes to anyone.
B0073XIITC highly recommend I love these sneakers. I had 2 ankle surgeries and was told sneakers would be hard to wear due to tenderness of ankle. These shoes are amazing comfy as hell!!!! If you are on your feet or going to gym these are the shoes you need!!!!!!
B0073XIITC Great shoes! These shoes are amazing!! As a nurse finding shoes that you can work 12+ hour day it is hard to find shoes that are comfortable. These shoes have worked wonders for me. I recommend them to anyone!!
B0073XIITC Its so uncomfortable I really really hate these shoes, so uncomfortable, too small. Doesn't feel like you can run anywhere with these on.
B0073XIITC Puma I love the style but they are a little hard on my feet.  I cannot wear to work out in.
B0073XIITC puma shoes Love these shoe, they are very comfortable to walk and stand in. Also very stylish I would recommend these to anyone, I would even buy them again
B00772NHWW Recommended Excelent soccer shoes, whites and elegants, it's a great shoes for play soccer, very good, i recommend this shoes :)
B00772O5E6 Pretty The cleats are very attractive, but they don't have very much padding. That makes them slightly uncomfortable, but other than that I love them!
B0077BXRKK These shoes are awesome!!! These are one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever had. I love the styling and color - they really get you noticed. Extremely light weight and very comfortable, I love the Puma brand even more now.
B0077CLM2E Sick These shoes are pretty sick. Look cool and is one of the most comfortable shoes I have worn due to the amazingly comfy insole.
B007IJ3DRI great looking  shoes. very  uncomfortable to  wear,,,, i  love the look  how ever  you can't  wear it for a whole day  ,  way to uncomfortable
B007IWKBK2 I love it!!! The shoes have all the features described, my sister loved them. She would look great and are really beautiful. The shoes are comfortable and lightweight.
B007NCECBQ Don't bother So incredibly uncomfortable. I bought these by mistake. I had tried on my sister's Puma Espara which are incredibly comfortable and thought these were them. Big mistake. The mesh on the top of the shoe is so hard and cuts into your foot. There is nothing that can be done to make these more comfortable. If you like the look, please buy the Espara shoes instead of these. Your feet will thank you later!
B007NQC2OQ Nice I really like these shoes they are very comfortable, but the only problem is the shoes scrape the back of my heel, if worn with thin low ankle socks.
B007TI75MC Love them! I have a lot of shoes and these are great.  I know they are indoor soccer shoes but I wear them for every day,  They are different and get the looks but are also comfortable to wear anywhere.  I have been really happy.
B008A6BLMW Pretty comfortable The shoes are pretty comfortable and perfect during warm weather. I did change out the shoe laces as the ones come with the shoes are uncomfortable and rubbed the top of my feet when I wear them all day long. I do get lots of compliments whenever I wear them.
B008A6BLMW Comfort and fashion These shoes are very comfortable and fashionable. I bartend and can wear these shoes for 9 hours straight and.my feet feel wonderful.
B008A6CIL0 I have never ever had so comfortable shoes I love them. While walking they as if massage your feet. I do not walk I fly with these shoes
B008A6CIL0 Ehhh I was so happy when I got these shoes. They are very cute, love the color, and I also love that you can feel the breeze through the shoes when you run. The only thing is that the top front and top part that touches my ankle is not comfortable at all. At first I thought the size was wrong, but I wear an eight in all my sneakers. That is my only complaint. If you wear higher socks it helps reduce the uncomfortable material, but still I wish I had not worn these to run in or I'd exchange for 8.5.
B008A6KHRC Comfy and light I received these and couldn't be happier! I have a wide foot and therefore it is always hard for me to find shoes that aren't uncomfortable. These shoes are not only comfortable, but they have the arch support I need and are the most lightweight shoe I have ever owned. .. high five to Puma!!
B008A6KTKC Grandma loves these shoes! I bike or walk in these every morning.  No need to wear socks because the nylon uppers breathe.  The soles are reflective.  Best fitting athletic shoes I've ever owned.  I usually wear ladies 11 M and these are true to size, no blisters or break-in time.  I changed the shoelaces to orange for even more color.
B008A6KTKC great shoes! These shoes are really comfortable. They felt a little tight at first, but after a good bootcamp class they loosened up and are perfect!
B008A6KTKC I don't wear these and have ordered other shoes These shoes got really good ratings from others but I did not like them at all. They are too small and uncomfortable. I didn't want to have to return them so I thought I'd wear them and try to break them in. I should have returned them. The Solomon's I bought were awesome right out of the box. These were not. This is also not the first time PUMA's have disappointed me. I think the brand is just not a good fit for me.
B008A6YAFW Always Pleased with Puma I'm happy with these shoes. They look as depicted, fit well, and stay laced without a problem. I wouldn't consider these &#34;active&#34; shoes; the bottom feels very flat and rigid. I have worn them in spurts of time -- an hour to many hours -- without feeling uncomfortable, but I certainly wouldn't want them on my feet 24/7.
B008AILQJI Suck untill broke in Very uncomfortable until they are broke in but once you break them in they get better. They are really light shoes too.
B008AWUB54 Very Comfortable shoes This shoes are by far the best shoes I have ever owned. The sole is not too thick so it won't bother your heel or the arch or the foot. You might have to use them a couple of times to make the sole soft and be more comfortable during a run or even walking everyday.
B008AXTOQ0 uncomfortable The product looks cool but is not functional. They were stiff and uncomfortable. I hope other puma products are better.
B008AXTOQ0 smal I wear a size 10.5 in every other shoe I wear so that's what I ordered they are uncomfortable but I'm having them a chance and trying to break them in.
B008AXTOQ0 Lightweight and Comfortable When I first put these shoes on I didn't think I would like them.  They were tighter and stiffer feeling than my previous shoes. However, upon using them they are comfortable with no break-in period.  Never a blister or any rubbing.  I highly recommend them.
B008AXTOQ0 GTG It took to long for the shoes to get to me only because I was deployed and the address was hard for the sender to understand so it went to the wrong address.  I still received the shoes which I do enjoy while I am out here.  It was a good purchase, this is my first time wearing puma's shoes so I am happy with what I have.
B008AXTOQ0 COMFORTABLE !! ONE OF THE MMOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER BROUGHT AND ONCE I PUT THEM ONE I FELT LIKE I WAS WALKING ON CLOUDES !!!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 Bad bad shoes As a running shoes is too hard and heavy. My feet is feeling captured in prison. The clothe is looked light, but it is not. It is very heavy. I feel its back is very thick and and its bottom and side stiff.
B008AXY38Y Love theses shoes. I love these shoes. Very comfortable and stylish. Got my shoes right on time. Can't beat the price for these nice shoes. I'm very satisfied with these shoes.
B008AZD5ZE Most comfortable shoes ever I love how these shoes fit. One of my favorite pairs of shoes that I have ever owned. Buy them
B008B0MGQ2 Cool Shoes These shoes are really good looking and the size (12) was accurate.  Haven't run in them yet but they are comfortable for every day shoes.
B008B0MN9M Decent They look nice and are pretty comfortable. When I first got these, they were the most uncomfortable shoes I'd ever bought. Tried the microwave trick and it helped a little. Now they're starting to break in and I feel like I'll wear them till the soles fall out.
B008B0NSKU Feels so comfortable! I actually got these shoes for an outfit but turns out I love wearing these normally! It's really comfy and bends when you walk. It's hard to describe but it's definitely the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn!
B008BXRZ9W Mu daughter's favorite shoes My daughter just love these shoes! They just slip on her every morning and does not make her feet sweaty like other shoes. Highly recommend it!
B008EYO4TW great  shoes Love  these shoes.  I got in  blue  too  just  comfortable shoes  I would  recommend them. Being  Puma is  great too
B008EYO4TW Hard material These shoes are definitely NOT for walking - Unfortunately, I live in New York City and I walk A LOT and stand on the subway train during rush hour to and from work! The synthetic leather is so hard and I got 3 blisters after using the shoes for one day :( They murdered my feet...
B008F17R2K Too hard sole makes it uncomfortable to run Sole is hard and uncomfortable. I think it's because of hard plastic on the sides of sole - why they did it? My size is 10 and these shoes fit in width, but longer 0.5 size and feels like 10.5.Have to return it and look for another model.
B008F17R2K Great Workout Shoes Got these shoes to workout in.  These shoes have performed great.  The BioWeb design looks awesome.  I will purchase Puma again in the future.
B008F17R2K Blisters on my heels Shoe is nice, but not comfortable in the heel of the feet.  In the first week of use on the elliptical machine, not even running, I got blisters on the heels of both my feet.  I have flat feet, normally puma fit well on me, but not this time.
B008F17R2K comfort I have chronic pain and these shoes are extremely comfortable helping relieve stress in my knee's and feet. Not just comfortable but look great as well.
B008F17R2K Design unique and attractive The design of these shoes not go unnoticed. These shoes meet the expectations he wanted. Do not use to run just to walk
B008F17R2K Lightweight & uncomfortable Positives: looks, lightweight, appears well madeNegatives: This shoe is mega uncomfortable. I went from sketcher shape ups to this & regret it. Im on my feet 12hrs 3 days a week on tile & my feet are hating me. I couldn't imagine running in them. I won't buy these ever again. I got what I paid for
B008F17R2K A little bit uncomfortable. The running shoes should be better for daily using. But this one is not good for daily working.  so i do not recommend it.
B008M0TTH0 A Pleasant Surprise I ordered these shoes for their looks, as much as for any other reason, but feared that they might be too tight and therefore uncomfortable, as Puma shoes often are in my experience.  But this pair not only looks great, it is also quite comfortable.  I am very pleased with this purchase.
B008QY0KMK Great shoes for walking, riding I love these shoes, pretty comfortable and comparable to my adidas tour 360 shoes. Highly recommended. Definitely worth the price.
B008QY1N9O best fitting golf shoes ever best fitting  golf  shoes  ever
B008RAGKBS good i run with it,very nice, I found that running a bit longer, the foot may be a bit uncomfortable&#65292; maybe it is the new shoe~
B008RAHSN2 VERY UNCOMFORTABLE I bought these because of the look / style plus my other pumas were very  comfortable.These hurt my feet!  Very uncomfortable!Wish I didn't buy them!
B009FDO3U6 &lt;3 These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever in my opinion.  I love the look because nobody else has the same style.
B009FM4GK4 Uncomfortable Ugly and uncomfortable shoes. I am not sure why I bought them. They are the worst sneakers ever. Already in the garbage.
B009FM4GK4 Love these shoes! These shoes are super comfortable, look great, and go with many casual looks. I have a few pairs of Pumas in suede as well, and will be buying more.
B009FN614C Great shoes! I have never bought shoes online before and I usually have a really hard time finding shoes that fit but, these shoes fit great.  They don't feel like you're wearing wedges at all. I love these shoes.
B009FN614C Comfortable Shoes I ever Had!!!!! These shoes are so comfortable! They are an eye-catcher and everyone wanna know where I got them from! I still thinking if I should tell them! Lol! Great shoes
B009FNMVBY Feels like slippers! These shoes are so comfortable and easy to slip on, I am very happy with my purchase!  For ballet flats, I highly recommend these shoes.
B009FNNFC8 Very cute but not comfortable :( These shoes KILL my feet.  The back of them doesn't come up very far so they rub my heel raw.  I've bought so many pairs of pumas over the years, never had a pair as uncomfortable as this :(
B009G1T5YG Great design/comfortable shoes I work in retail so comfortable shoes is a must. They did hurt a little breaking them in but now they feel good. Its very hard to find a pair of shoes that will allow your feet to breathe but isn't cloth mesh which breaks down over time. I'm hoping with the plastic mesh & a half size slightly larger, these shoes will last longer than a year.
B009G1T5YG Uncomfortable to wear Same thing as with 10 size - side plastic on sole makes it feel as you walk with wooden sole shoes... Too hard.
B009G1U2XE Puma shoe I love the puma.... I have never worn puma before nor ordered shoes on line.  Very comfortable these are my kick around shoes.  Not using them to exercise.
B009GZS6OW Fantastic shoes for anyone who likes soccer style shoes without all the bells and whistles of a comp boot. I am very satisfied with these shoes. They fit well, look nice and if there's ever a time for a bit of footy, they're with me. They're fairly thin, especially on the sole, so anyone with wide feet or a high arch may find them uncomfortable. I've had these for a few weeks and they're already losing some rigidity and molding nicely.
B00AI1VTF6 These are very uncomfortable I didn't realize from the description that these shoes are hard plastic.  They immediately wore blisters on my feet.  Would not recommend.  My fault for purchasing shoes based on a description,  I should have checked them out in the store.  They are unwearable and, as such were a waste of money for me.
B00AKDNZVS Fit for workout! It's light and dry quickly! It's transfer heat when I work out hard so well and never make me feel uncomfortable!
B00AOAQAJG Puma shoes Love my shoes they are the most confertible shoes ever will recommend themThank you very much love shoes lol
B00AOATXAO I love these shoes I bought all colors and they are so cute and comfortable, I get so many compliments on these shoes.  I love them:)
B00AOATXAO not very comfortable I was hoping this would be more comfortable.  Plus the heel is just high enough to make it uncomfortable to walk and look a little too strange.  I wore them once and they've just sat in the closet.
B00AOCAP9A Lightest shoes ever!!! These shoes are super comfortable and the lightest shoes that I've ever had.  I would highly recommend the to anyone.  Just waiting to see how long they hold up.
B00AODVKJI Not Comfortable I don't believe anyone over 170lb.s would be able to wear these shoes in comfort.The side of the &#34;bioweb&#34; is hard while the middle is flexible causing the foot to become pinched between the hard sides of the shoe.It was immediately uncomfortable. Particularly on the heel.This poorly designed shoe doesn't live up to the former pumagility line.
B00AOE059S great shoes This is a great shoes it is very comfortable. It also looks very good. I highly recommend it for jogging and walking
B00AOE059S Great shoes~~ I bought this shoes for my husband.He liked it. The shoes's design is great and so light. He take it everyday.
B00AOMZH1Q I love these shoes! These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Very light and got a lot of compliments on them!
B00AONVA52 These snickers aren't made for walking these are extremely good looking snickers they are really nice but they are kind of uncomfortable and after spent some time using this shoes I felt a pain in my foots
B00AONWP6U Not for wide feet The shoes look amazing -- the orange really pops and the contrast between all three colors os great. They are also extremely lightweight. Construction seems good, with a very strong glue seeming to be the main component that holds everything together.That said, they are VERY uncomfortable for wide feet. Bought a half-size larger than I normally wear, and my toe still hits the end of the shoe -- they are barely long enough. For the width, at 30 years and in relatively good shape, for the first time in my life my feet actually hurt at the end of a day of wearing these, even a week later. There is almost no padding on the bottom of the shoe. Basically, you're looking at a mesh upper and a rubber outer sole. There is virtually no other element to this shoe, and it's very uncomfortable.I wanted to wear these for work, but it's going to be impossible given how uncomfortable they are.
B00AONX3AW go get it! It's perfect and stylish,  that's what I love it. I recommend it, it's the best shoes ever. It's comfortable and awesome.
B00AOOH730 Perfect. I love Puma Suedes they are the most comfortable shoes ever! Being a bboy it's hard to find comfortable shoes to breakdance in but these are perfection. They are a slim looking casual wear sneaker, I honestly don't think I'll go to any other sneaker brands besides Puma Suedes. Not to mention they are pretty under rated.
B00AOOZP3Y Comfy Very comfortable.  My first pair of pumas, I have wide feet, and have a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable, I usually go with new balances but an very pleased with these pumas
B00AORC57U Very uncomfortable shoes One of the worst shoes I ever bought. Though I love puma shoes  unfortunately these are not comfortable  they are in the trash
B00AORC57U Awesome and comfortable love these shoes. colorful, comfortable, and light. im not really into shoes but I like these! I wear a size 13 they dont look goofy score!
B00B5W0UUW Lovely shoes I just bought this Puma shoes, and my daughter loves them and feels very comfortable as well. I really recommend them
B00B7LUG00 Making my feet comfortable The shoes are letting my feet breath and be comfortable. I have peripheral neuropathy as a diabetic. Taking care of my feet is primary in order to maintain a exercise regime. these shoes are fitting the bill!
B00B7LUG00 Great Shoes Very light weight and comfortable shoes.  Very happy with my purchase and have recommended these shoes to quite a few of my friends and family.
B00B7LUG00 soft, pliable and very comfortable I am large (240 pounds) with big feet.  Very few shoes are completely comfortable with no &#34;break in&#34; period.  I have worn these up to 16 hours with no discomfort.  They may well be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoe After lacing up these shoes and walking only 5 feet I was astonished with the comfort.  These shoes are absolutely awesome.
B00B7LV8V6 Love! These shoes are absolutely wonderful! I have a lot of feet problems so I'm always looking for comfort and cuteness. These are quite possibly the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn- they feel like slippers. They run a little small- I usually wear a 5 but the 5 1/2 fits perfectly.
B00C5UOVBC excellent shoes Great shoes, fits very well to the feet, are too comfortable, and are used to walking, are very nice and I recommend it 100%
B00C6BOILS Looks really good, shreds your ankle the first few times The back of these shoes are really hard leather, so they will bloody your Achilles if you're as stupid as me and wear them all day on the firs day. Definitely need to break them in slowly, but they look really good as a slightly more than casual sneaker...
B00C6EW87G love love loooove them I absolutely love these shoes supper comfortable you can were them eany where really light I must say these are my favorite shoes and I have alooooooot of shoes ..
B00CAJZDHY Uncomfortable The quality of the shoe is fine but I felt uncomfortable, they are tight in the front and completely loose in the heel, I tried to adjust the laces in many ways without success.I couldn't run or walk on them, the heel didn't stay in place and the fabrics on the external side of the shoes folds almost 1/2 inch when you step on (oppening the heel collar).
B00CAK0V3O Great Shoes I run and work out in them and they are very comfortable. They breathe and are very light on my feet.
B00CAK38DY Not glow on me We were really excited when my daughter open her present but a week later when she put them on she complain that they were hard. We told her that it will break down and get softer but  the shoe cannot stay on her feet for more than two hours without because it will cause blisters.  they are extremely hard on her feet. i did not returned because she already wear them but it was a wasting of money and does not glow.
B00CAK6FVQ Very uncomfortable This was the most uncomfortable athletic shoe I have worn. The toe box area is too inflexible, flat and tight. I will never wear this shoe again.
B00CWL2EWC Comfortable shoes for a bad foot. They are so comfortable especially when I have had a lot of foot surgeries and nothing feels comfortable on my feet anymore.
B00DHJV95G Awesome These shoes are the best shoes I have walked in, they are light and comfortable out of the box!!!!!!! No regrets
B00DOET8MA Nice shoes They are good shoes and comfortable, so they can wear all day and feel good when you walk, do not weigh and combine with most colors.
B00DOG1Q96 Sadly, poorly fitting. I'm a car guy, and I LOVE Puma motorsport shoes. I've bought a new pair every year for the past seven years of my life. These looked like great shoes to replace my Ferrari Drift Cat Remixes, but sadly, they have broken my heart. I'm now sitting here with teardrops on my keyboard eating chocolate ice cream as I type this review, because despite how sexy these shoes are, I'm sending them back.The reason? These are some of the most poorly-fitting shoes I have ever put on. I have skinny feet, so generally the low-profile, form-fitting design of Puma motorsport shoes isn't a problem for me. This is the third pair of Future Cats I have bought, and the other two fit great in a size 11, which is what I wear in all shoes.However, for some reason, these shoes are only made for people without pinky toes who like hard leather to dig into their foot in various places.First, the tongue digs into the top of your foot on both sides, which makes bending your ankle very uncomfortable.Secondly, these are RIDICULOUSLY skinny, to the point they cut off circulation to my pinky toes.I could maybe get past those things, but the deal-breaker for me (which I later read in other reviews) is that for some reason, the heel of the left shoe dug into my achilles tendon in such a way that after an hour of wearing them, it literally hurt for three days. Weird.Bottom-line, if you want some sweet-looking shoes that you don't plan on walking in, these are for you. However, if you like walking in shoes AT ALL, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
B00DOG1Q96 Puma MotorSport shoe Simply awful shape, and so hard on the feet a block of concrete would be more comfortable. I am sending them back.
B00DQYYVAM Beautiful shoe that feels comfortable I bought the shoes to wear as everyday walk-around shoes and only use for indoor soccer occasionally.  They are very beautiful (I bought the Uruguay pair) and comfortable.  I'm not sure they have the structure for playing a ton of soccer, but as regular shoes I highly recommend them!
B00DY6160A Ripped on my 2nd week using them! Waste of money! The shoes are cute and fashion, but the design is very poor, they are a bit uncomfortable in front and I guess they are meant for narrows feet only, the sole is very very narrow!The sewing in the internal  part of the shoe is too low and it ripped after walking for a bit.Waste of money!
B00EDOMUYI Best ever One of the most comfortable shoes ever. It is like wearing nothing at all.
B00EDOR4L2 crazyaboutthem These are really comfortable.  Walked on my treadmill for 15 mins. with them on when I first got  them and they felt great.  Did not have to break them In at all.  Most comfortable shoes I have ever had.
B00EDOR4L2 Great comfortable shoes One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I had foot surgery and I put this shoe on my foot the first shoe I have worn in three weeks and it was great. There is no breaking these shoes in, they are comfortable from the time you put them on I would recommend this shoes if comfort is what you are looking for.
B00EDOR4L2 Good looking, but not comfortable The shoe was tight it the toe and felt awfully stiff and uncomfortable.  I had to return the PUMAs
B00F0W9V3K Warning!!!! Toddler Shoes not Big Kid I'm so sorry I did not read the one review this shoes had, I did receive infant/toddler size 5 not a 5M Big Kid shoes as my receipt and email also confirmed.So if you're looking for baby shoes these are right for you, THEY ARE NOT FOR BIG KIDS!
B00F5EK2FE Nice Love these shoes, very comfortable.
B00FVZJ28U To Hard To Maintain I love the Puma sets but I would steer clear of this one.  The pants show wear, pilling even when washed delicate, after one wash. It is too hard to maintain.
