B000HDDD1S Perfect I really like this watch for a casual wear. Its received a lot of compliments over the days and hasn't missed a tick.
B000HDDD1S could be cheaper i got into a 4ft pool and the watch just went blank it says water resistant.i really liked it but i got dissapointed.
B000HDF95Q Good.... I got this watch as a gift to my wife. When the wristwatch come; i was very happy. My wife liked it a lot. thanks to amazon and the seller.
B000HDF95Q A good looking but really a bad quality watch I ordered this watch a year ago . I was very happy to look at it as it was one of the best looking watches i ever had but after wearing it for 2 or 3 times the band broke. The worst part is I have been looking for the band from then on and have not found it in either of the PUMA stores or online.
B000HDFAZU CLASSIC HIGH TECH RETRO WATCH ALCHEMY. I LIKE THIS WATCH A LOT, ESPECIALLY THE UNIQUE STRAP: IT FITS WELL, AND THE CHOCOLATE COLORED STRAP AND TAN FACE ADD TO IT'S UNIQUENESS.
B000HDFB1S great watch I really like this watch the only down side was the size of the face. I was expecting it to be smaller. I got over it and love it.
B000HDH2T2 good the watch is nice but to me is little small , but in general the people who like small watch is enjoy the brand and the diameter and disign all is beatiful
B000HDH2T2 Very nice!! It 's a very particular watch, although it has only the basic functions its futuristic design makes it a very fun and stylish watch.
B000HDH2TC Nice Watch Nice watch, i have a little complain though, the buckle seems to be a little too weak and somehow it tends to fall apart from the watch from time to time. Luckily i still have it but i think this might change soon if i don't get it fixed. Even with that flaw it's a great good looking watch.
B000HDH2TC Stylish and Basic - Nice watch I bought this watch recently and I am quite happy with my purchase. I was looking for a casual and any time watch. Best thing is you can wear it on casual or formal attire its designed for both.Good for med to small wrist.
B000HDH2TC Nice watch, but a few things to note I think the general design of this watch is great:  sleek, simple, and modern.  Having said that, and as someone who just received the watch and plans to wear it daily, here are a few of my comments.  Firstly, the watch is a little larger than I thought it would be.  This is not out of keeping with other men's watches, but I have a small wrist and the watch is both a little thick, and due to the thickness of the leather where it meets the face, a little broad in the arc it cuts before the band can wrap around the wrist.  Also not visible in the picture is the fact that while the face is brushed steel, the sides and back are polished (personally, I like the look of brushed).My last comment is that while the numbers look a little yellow in the picture, they are actually a pure shade of grey.  Contrary to other comments, however, I find this watch harder to read than I had imagined.  The issue is that while there is a certain angle under witch the watch is perfectly legible, off axis viewing is very hard.  Note that this isn't the case in the dark under the watch's own illumination which happens to be very good.The only other thing to note is that the clasp is a rocker type so unlike most belt buckles will form a T shape when turned perpendicular to the band.  I happen to like it as it helps keep the excess band tight.  Hope this helps anyone looking to buy.  In general very slick and I can't wait to see what kind of comments I get on it.
B000HDH2TC Puma Watch The watch is very nice, with easy to read numbers and an adequate backlight. I've received qite a few compliments about it.However, it's fairly low on functionality, as it only traccks the time and date, but that doesn't really bother me.The one thing that's been pointed out by the other reviewers and something that I must bring up is that the strap is small. I have an average sized wrist and I'm using the biggest size. I would almost change the title of the watch to Puma TEEN'S Futuristic Watch rather then Men's, as it won't be fitting too many men.
B000HDH2TC Minimal and futuristic This watch is quite easy to read, and the backlight works well for viewing it at night. I would also like to reassure potential buyers that it has the date as well as a seconds feature. However, it does not have an alarm, countdown timer, lap timer, etc. that you would find on a comparably-priced sport watch.Also, to set it, you have to use a toothpick or bent paper clip to push a tiny button on the side, then use the other buttons to set it.
B000HDH2TC Cool Guys that watch is so good, it looks good, it's the best for me :)
B000HDH2WO Picture is a little deceiving I ordered this watch based on description and photo. When it arrived I realized the photo was somewhat misleading. The watch is nice but thicker and larger then I expected. The strap looks nice but I am worried that after a month of wearing the watch, I am starting to see some signs of wearing on the strap.Build quality is good and I wear it everyday. It feels solid.I am rating it a 3 as it is a nice watch overall but I would recommend you compare other watches in the same price category before going for this.
B000HDIQ5G Unique Watch. I purchased this watch about 3 months ago and have been wearing it off and on in rotation. It is a very elegant an unique looking watch. You will likely never see another watch that displays the time in such a way. That being said it is not easy to simply glance at the watch and tell what time it is. It is more art over usefulness. It has a nice brushed metal look that always gets compliments and a cool second hand that has the 5 second numerals except for 19 and 48 (replacing 20 and 50).The band looks great but I am not a fan of the button push clasp, it is easy to disengage with mild activity. So dinner or sitting at a desk yes. Clapping (sporting event) or doing work around the house no.In review. 5 stars for the watch itself. Keeps accurate time. (But only time) and looks splendid.3 stars for the band, Looks good but the clasp is frustrating.
B000HDIQ88 really cool watch !!!1 Bought this watch for my son and he absolutely loved it.  He is 17 so that is high praise.
B000HDIQAQ Fashionable, not too expensive I like the Puma brand, so this watch is up my alley. This watch can be casual or dressed up. The watch band leather [?] is on the cheap side, but for the $102 I paid here on sale, I'm happy. The stopwatch is not terribly readable or useful.
B000HDIQAQ Great Puma Watch This is a great and beautiful watch. Its design is clean and modern. I loved it.
B000HDIQEW Good for the price It a watch nothing more, houever the wristband started to decolorate in specific parts almost imediately, perhaps a bad lot, however it still looks nice.
B000HDIQHE green! High quality sporty fun green watch! The product came in right away, super speedy shipping! Love it! The watch is unique with a shiny green strap and yellow face with the 19 and 48 on the face. I don't know why, but I love that.
B000HDIS3G Looks great, wonderful function This watch is classy and practical. With it's sleek sophisticated design it sports the classical analog face with the practical functionality of a digital. The digital face is nice and large consuming most of the background of the face which adds to the amount of information which can be displayed on the screen (ex. date & time simultaneously) and it's clarity in reading. The digital portion isn't easy to read however unless viewed from strait on or with the backlight. This can be a negative since it takes a little bit more effort to read though the effort expended is minuscule and hardly worth mentioning; it could also serve as a positive because then from all other angles the watch appears to only be analog which, depending on the viewer, may be considered classier. The thick leather band is very attractive and helps the watch stand out but is so unique may prove a hassle to replace when necessary and can diminish from it's versatility since leather isn't ideal for use in sports or swimming. One minor complaint as well is that the band design can sometimes pull hairs but this is minor and not an incredibly common occurrence so I don't really mind. I would say my biggest qualm with the watch is that it only has one digital time so I cannot record multiple timezones and have to constantly change the main time while traveling but considering that this only diminished my rating from 5 to 4 stars, I can learn to live without that feature. It keeps good time, looks elegant, and has good bells and whistles; I like it.
B000MWA1HI Fun, stylish, well made Most of my watches are pricey, classic styles.  I wanted something fun, trendy, and different, but won't pay big $$ for a look that may go out of style soon.  This watch fits the bill.  The watch is very well made and the band is top quality.  The oval face is feminine, despite its very large size.  I can wear a large watch, but I'm not certain I'd put it on a small wrist.  This is an eye-catching timepiece that will go with lots of your workwear and sportswear.
B000MWA1HI Very Cool Excellent quality.  VERY big face (the oval shape is unique) but still looks like a woman's watch.  Love it.  Statement piece.  Merchant was quick too.  Very happy with this purchase.
B000U5FZD2 Princeton Watches UNRESPONSIVE Puma Small Turn watch - order placed on 21-Nov-2007, Availability: In Stock and still shows in stk today 12/12/07. When are they going to ship it???
B000WN7C38 Satisfied Watch is sporty and clever at the same time.  Only negatives is a bit large and can be difficult reading the time in less than ideal lighting.  If your searching for form over function, then this is the watch for you.
B000WR95DY Not too bad... Beautiful and interesting. I bought it to my son and he had fun using this watch - can be a challenge see the display under the daylight, but it's okay and predictable. The problem is that the battery died too early...less than an year - which frustrated my son and I cannot hide I was disappointed as well. As I really liked its design I tried to exchange the battery; however the watch starts to show some tilts in the display. I'm not sure if the cause is the watch or the battery I bought here in Brazil.
B000WR95FC Puma Heart Rate Monitor I have only just received my Puma heart rate monitor. It looks great, feels great and is a great improvement over my Oregon Scientific HRM. The batteries can be changed by the wearer.  The instructions that come with the watch could be a lot better. There are no instructions on how to change watch battery, the strap battery is self evident. If they don't want to spend money on printing a lengthy instruction manual, they could make the instructions available somewhere on line, which would be very cost effective. I would definitely recommend this Puma HRM. I would recommend using some type of ECG or TENS conductivity gel on the chest strap, you then get an immediate accurate pulse reading, otherwise HRMs tend to jump around until you build up a good sweat. Once you place the chest strap on you can hear a clicking sound that is the transmitter in the strap reading your pulse, you get used to it and it is very faint, unobtrusive but strange at first, I haven't had an HRM that does this before. Finally, it only took four calender days from the time I placed my order with Amazon on the net,to the day it was delivered to me in Hobart, Tasmania down under in Australia.  Incredibly fast delivery, well done Amazon.
B000WR95FC Great watch once you figure it out.... It took a few days, but now I LOVE this watch!  The heart rate monitor works perfectly.  This watch does a million things, so it takes a while to figure out which of the four buttons to press when you want to set the watch or see your workout summary.  The only downside is that it is not very water resistant...you can't wear it in the shower, let alone for a swim.
B000WR95FC Puma Heart Rate Watch This watch is a good product with a ton of features, including time, heart rate, lap counter and many more. The heart rate monitor measures target heart rate, zones, calories burned and HR high and low. I sometimes question the accuracy of the monitor as occasionally it shows my heart beat low as about 30 beats per minute in the gym, but 99% of the time works perfectly. I would definately recommend this product.
B000WR95I4 Way too big to be called uni-sex If you're a guy looking for a cool watch, I would recommend it.  If you're a girl, look for something smaller!  The size alone was enough to make me send this back, on top of the fact that the screen was dead.  Props to Amazon though, returning it was super easy and they refunded the money within a week.
B000WR95IO Fashionable and reliable It's a good watch. Fashionable and functional overall. A couple of minor drawbacks: the white belt can be stained and it's not very easy to rub off the stain; and the size of the watch feels a bit too big on my wrist, definitely the same size as a full/man size watch.
B000WR962E puma enchanted womens watch I got this watch for my wife for x-mas since her last watch broke do to work. My wife works all the time and continues to wear the new watch. she has had no troubles with the new watch. Great!!
B000WR962E all occassion watch Bought this watch at a PUMA store for $220 then found it here on Amazon for less than 1/2 price.  Good thing I didn't have the band adjusted!  I ordered from Amazon and returned the store bought watch.The style is perfect for all occassions - isn't too fancy for casual (ok maybe I wouldn't wear it to the gym) and it looks good when I'm wearing nice clothes and heels too.  I love that the little knob to adjust the time is on the left side because it doesn't dig into my wrist.The watch is very heavy and feels high quality.  One star off because the polished stainless scratches fairly easily.  I'll have to get this baby touched up (buffed) every 6 months or so to keep the band looking nice.
B000WR962E Gorgeous I am very pleased with this watch. It is very pretty and very shiny. I had to get the band adjusted to fit me by removing links, but other than that it is absolutely perfect. It goes with any attire and I would recommend it to anyone.
B000WS0LA4 Ok, but... I like the features on this watch a lot. What I don't like is how discolored the band became. My band is almost black from wear. I can't get the color out of the band either.But back to the features... One of the problems is the chrono features. You can monitor laps, but it doesn't save your lap times, which is one feature I'm really hurting for. The alarm/light system for heart rate is very helpful to have. I also like the features the heart rate monitor has -- time in/above/below zone, total calories burned.If you don't care about your watch not staying vibrant orange, then buy it.
B000WS0LAE Puma watch/heartrate monitor I was disappointed w/ my purchase. The photo is deceiving, it seems as if the clear sections may light up, but they do not and the watch face is easily scratched. I do like the look of the watch, but would not buy this product if I had a 'do-over' moment.
B000WS0LAE LES I have had the watch for a week + and already exercised with it 1/2 a dozen time and think its great value for money. Simple enough to use. Overall consistent and and logical use of the controls.  The instruction manual is brief. Took me a bit of time to come to grips with but worthwhile spending time to understand them.For an introductory level heart rate monitor worth every cent and more.(My friend bought with GPS, Auto recording of exercise results, Web data base etc etc, cost him 3 x the amount.)
B000WS0LAE Very god choice Its accurate, has nic features as chronometer, more than one alarm, watch with date, it calculates kcal, and I love the design. If your concern is accuracy, buy it. If you like it buy it.
B000WS0LAY Display too dim. I think the watch looks cool but I sent it back because the display was too dim for me.
B000WS0LAY great looking watch this is a very cool watch to have, although it is a little bigger than i thought, the seconds appear as lighted rectangles in the middle of the screen, which i find to be the best of it all.the bad thing is that the buttons are hard, you push them strongly and still sometimes there's no reaction.Still the watch is a cool accesory.
B000WS0LAY Here The cold Hard Truth This watch looks cool and it's very sporty. Only problem is that it's so complicated to use, the text is so dim and the light is useless. Still, it's a pretty durable watch and the colors are awesome, but it's not worth the money.-Edit-Final note: After 1 year the battery finally died on me. Funny that it died on the 9th on November 2010, because it was exactly one year after i purchased it.
B000WS0LCM loved the watch despite the wear in color, too bad it broke so easily. My watch also discolored to gray and also lost the plastic layer.  I lightly banged my watch on the plastic rim of my car as I was getting out and my watch broke in pieces and fell off.  My boyfriend got this for me as a gift, I asked him to save the receipt in order to utilize the 2yr warranty if needed and he didn't :(
B000WS0LHC very disappointed I got my watch on time. But unfortunately the watch has on 3 occasions stopped working and is not working properly by being 5 to 10 minutes late.I have sent e-mails to resolve this, but they are still sadly unanswered. Very disappointed by this purchase from amazon. Hope that I'll get satisfaction but till now my requests have gone nowhere.
B000WS0LHC Close I received the watch on time it work well for me at this moment I'm wearing it. The watch face is big but if you have big  hands and wrists it is fine.
B000WS0LHC The worst seller - TimeOutlet I ordered a watch from TimeOutlet, First time they sent me the watch on time, I just weared it for a week, it didn't work already, and then I sent an email to ask for exchange, i had been waited for almost 2weeks for their reply.Ok, this time, they sent me the other one, guess what? the watch came and it didn't work already. I asked them to send the other one. I sent almost 15 EMAILS, have been waiting for 1.5 month!!! until now i have not yet received their reply! Even one guy replied me, but he did NOT help me just asked me to send the request to the other staff in his company. Such bad aftersales service! NEVER EVER EVER Buy things from them!!! Such BAD SELLER!!!
B000WS0LHC Suggest avoiding JUST BRANDS (seller) I had a terrible experience with Just Brands.  I bought this Puma watch from them as a gift and had to return it b/c it was not what it appeared like online. (Watch face was extremely large/ugly.) I had to contact the vendor before returning it in order to get a Refund# as per their policy. I contacted JustBrands several times to get this number, but could not reach them. Finally, I threatened to cancel my credit card payment and they finally responded to my email.  I had assumed at that point that they were stalling so that my 30 day refund would lapse and I would be stuck with the watch.I returned the watch to them right away in their original box.  I was later informed by my credit card company that JustBrands was charging me the full price of my watch.  I could not reach JB for an explanation. Why were they keeping my money when I had returned the watch to them several weeks ago?My credit card company fought it out with them but then had to drop it.  I have since issued several queries to JB regarding the issue but they have not responded to me - not even once.  I've bought items on amazon in the past and have had only good experiences.  But i will NEVER BUY from JUSTBRANDS AGAIN.  i am still trying to contact them but so far it has been several months of wasted time and energy on my part.  Again, avoid the headache and AVOID THIS SELLER!
B000WS0LKY Great Watch, need a new battery Love the watch, but the battery recently died.  I lost the battery after removing it and I need some help finding out what size replacement battery I need.Please help!
B000WS0LSQ Snazzy and different I like the asymmetrical design of the watch face. I thought the dial might be hard to read, but it's very clear. I have a white Puma watch and really enjoy wearing both of them.
B000WS0LTU Don't expect too much This watch is not waterproof. I had to send it back after only a week because it stopped working most likely due to water leakage. However, it was fixed and returned to me in a week and a half and has since worked without incident. I like the design though it took me a little while to get used to the clock hands. Also, the puma in the middle of the watch spins with the second hand which I didn't know before buying. The rubber on the watch is substantial, not likely to rip or tear easily. Overall, I like the watch but am not thrilled with it. If you're looking for a fashionable sport watch, this is a good one, but its functionality is not at the level I would like. I have gotten Wal-mart watches for eight dollars that have had an alarm, a light, and a stop-watch, and were water-proof to the point that I could even dive with them on. While the overall make of the watch is more substantial than the flimsy plastic of these types of watched, I sorely miss these other features. Overall: don't expect too much out of this watch.
B000WS0LX6 Durable and Stylish I have owned this watch for 2 years - wore it throughout Europe and the United States - everywhere I go, I get numerous compliments.I love this watch!!!
B000WS0LX6 very nice watch Very nice watch, stylish, item as described,. Just wrist belt is not much soft, but not a big deal.
B000WS0LYK Looks Sharp and Made Tough I love this watch!  I've had it for almost a year and it still looks new.  No scratches or evidence of wear & tear.Definitely a wide band, this is not a dainty watch.It's big and a little flashy, I get compliments on it regularly.
B000WS1V1W very nice, kinda hard to set and use functions great looking watch - and that was important to me.has alot of features which are very hard to use - if you want the watch for them - don't get it.
B000WS1V6M Plastic decolorates I bought the white watch to workout. The functions are great, but after several months, the plastic started changing color. Now the watch is white, but the strap is kinda yellow.
B000WS1V6M Big and plasticky I ordered this watch for working out bit it's really big and bulky.I would not recommended for anyone!
B000WS1V6M puma cardiac - really good  buy Big watch. Very functional. Excelent disign. Feels great on the wrist. Very good buy.Love it.
B000WS1V6M Stylish Little Conversational Gym Piece Gals - This watch is definitely not for those who aren't into funky accessories. If you are looking for a small wrist monitor, I definitely wouldn't recommend this watch, it's large, clunky and if you have a small frame, it maybe a little too much ... think of this watch as a large bangle bracelet and you get the idea.But for me, I love big, funky jewelry, so this watch fit me perfectly! My wrist is also small, but I didn't have much of a problem with the wriststrap length, even though the watch hangs a bit loose, the plastic ensures that it doesn't flop around on my wrist and it's surprisingly comfy!Being new to heart rate monitors, I had to read and reread the instructions a few times before I got all the functions set, but once they are set, it's no problem!The white plastic is surprisingly sturdy, and dirt wipes off cleanly. I've been a bit paranoid about the plastic turning yellow like the other reviewer states, but I've been wiping it after my workouts and so far, so good! (I work out mostly indoors, so it wouldn't surprise me if the other reviewer used the watch mostly outdoors as sunlight can bleach out plastic ... so if you are going to use the watch outdoors, you may want to buy another color.)The chest strap works REALLY well. So well that it has caused me some embarrassment at the gym - it interferes with the machines next to me.SO many people commented on this watch since I've gotten it, and not always for the better, but it makes for a great conversational piece at the gym!
B000WS1V6M Great watch This watch is ideal for someone that wants something stylish and functional.  This watch is not the best cardiac heart rate watch out there (as there are some limitations), but it definitely gets the job done.  And for me, at least I would wear it when I was not working out because it looked good.Of note, I like how big the buttons are as I find them way easier to manipulate than many of the sport watches I have owned. In addition, it is easy to set up.I love this watch.
B000WS1V6M Is a big watch, but functional and stylish I'm very small-framed (5" wrist) so I had to actually lop off a portion of the strap and add another hole to make the band small enough, but I like the size of the display. I've had compliments on how cool this watch looks. However, I love the functionality. It automatically feeds your HR signal to Precor and Polar brand treadmills. My only complaint is that Puma should've come out with an alternative to this "midsize" - I'd love the (larger) black one in an even smaller size. Also, unlike my Timex (which does not feed my HR to the treadmills), this watch doesn't have a display that shows time of day and HR simultaneously. It's one or the other. All in all, still my favorite watch of the two.
B000WS1V6M Excellent Sports Watch This watch is great for the consistent runner. It comes with many features that enhance your running experience. I like the fact that it is larger because I can see the numbers better as opposed to other running watches. Most of all I can not find a watch at that price that has that many features and looks appealing!
B000WS1V6M A cool multi-function time piece Yes it is cool and it also does not feel warm on my wrist :) I have been asked about this watch by so many people, both on the tennis court, the golf course and at work! I like the dual alarm function, the Heart rate functions are simply awesome (peak, in-the-zone, over-the-zone, under-the-zone heart rates are very good to know after you set your 'zone'. awesome buy. Orange was not available at the time I bought this, but my next one will be orange!
B000WS1V9E Nurse Mate As a nurse that washes my hand a lot I needed a water resistant watch that i could also use while jogging or at the gym. To top it off, this watch is very cute and goes perfectly with a pair of jeans a tee shirt.
B000WS1VA8 Its a watch! Nice looking sporty watch. The screen of mine scratched when I fell off my bike, so its now my rough and tumble watch. If you keep it in good condition, its nice enough to wear as your smart/dress watch. Overall quite a nice watch.
B000WS1VA8 Kinda lame I don't really like this watch, it has an acrylic crystal which has two scratches already. The crystal is very dark and hard to read. And there is a glitch that makes the time reset when I use the light. it a\happened a lot at first and less now. I rarely wear the watch now because I can't rely on it.J.D.
B000WS1VB2 quality control? This watch looks great (the brown plastic is especially nice). The trouble is that the quality is really bad. When it first came it 'reset' itself a couple times (as if it would short circuit when I pushed one of the buttons). I avoided using any of the buttons to avoid this (just using it to display the time). Then the display stopped working (the buttons still beeped when I pushed them so the watch was not completely dead, just the display). I opened the back (voiding my waterproof warranty) and took the battery out for a 'hard' reset. This fixed the display but a few days later I used the built in light which made it go completely dead.Maybe the battery is dead, but there was no indication of the battery dying and after all the above mentioned problem, I don't even care to replace the battery.
B000WS1VB2 like the look It's a unique watch, but not the easiest to read the time from due to the glare off the face.  The display is just a bit too faint.  And the backllight only helps if it pitch dark.Good design idea though.  I still wear it since it matches the brown clothes I often wear.  (Style over substance I suppose!)
B000WS1VLM Gorgeous The challenge for me come anniversary time is that we stick to the themes. What the heck do I get for my husband that's copper?! I was thrilled to find this copper colored watch because - although it's a little cheat - the color is spot on! I was excited when it arrived and it was a fantastic addition to my copper gift collection. Unfortunately, he didn't love it (clashed with the wedding band) and I sent it back, but I got full copper credit and I personally thought it was smashing. Not a total loss though because I used my credit to buy myself a new watch - happy anniversary to me!
B000WS3LQK Puma Watch This was great looking but I wanted a water proof...not water resistent watch. You cannot wear this swimming etc.
B000WS3LTM Good watch This watch looks great and feels good.  It's definitely not immune to scratches on the face and there's been some peeling of the shiny watch band over the past year of heavy usage.  Well worth the price.  I'll probably buy another.
B000WS3LTM Worth the money I just got the watch today and i LIke what i See.Only thing is you have to read the instructions if you want to use Chrono, timer,alarm mode because its kind of confusing.Now I get how it work and IM A VERY HAPPY PERSON!!! Overall i GIVE this watch 10/10.I recomended for the average person.
B000WS3LTM one of my favorites. great watch at a great price.i love it.ty,mike
B000WS3M1O Great seller! I had a problem with the watch and the seller send me a new one really fast! I recommended for everyone!I would buy from him again!
B000WS3MEQ awesome watch This watch looks great!  I definitely recommend it for any puma lovers out there!
B000WS3MFU LED too dark This PUMA watch is aesthetically very pleasing, but pretty much useless as a time keeper.  The numbers on the dial are so dark, they are almost invisible.  I brought the watch to a jeweler, thinking there was a problem with a low battery, but a new battery did not change a thing.  "Pure imagination" indeed...
B000WS5K1E not the greatest quality after using it once the watch turned yellow, it looks dirty and gross, so sad cause it looked really good when i first put it on
B000WS5K1E Nice watch The watch is very nice. it gets dirty very easily. as big as it is it should have date at least!
B000WS5K8C Ok watch... SO I purchased this watch in the pink. Loved it, many compliments. Two downfalls, it turned a brownish color with use that I tried to clean with many different cleaning agents  to no avail. And, 2 months later I am taking to be repaired as it is frozen......very annoyed!
B000WS5KCI Great Watch for brand I purchased this watch half a year ago, was purchased cheaper than the price now from another seller, all around I think this is a great watch, the carbon fiber dial adds style to the watch, also its not a watch you see many people wearing or purchasing. also the case diameter is 47 inches which to some people may be large, but most other watches are around that size.
B000WS5KCI Love this watch I have never been into watches. In fact I wore a plain timex for 3 years. However, about a week ago I was in the Puma store in Chicago, saw this watch and had to have it. It is the absolute perfect combination of dressy, sporty, and casual. You can wear in to work, going out, or even to your own wedding. I love this watch and will have it forever Buy it, you won't regret it
B000WS5KPU Not worth it! No matter what the price is, this watch is not worth the buy as it is very difficult reading time off it. The photo here shows you can view the time easily, but in real even under normal light conditions, its hard to read the time. Design is slick though, 3 stars for that.
B000WS5KQY Love this watch! I've been wearing this watch for a few months now, and I still get compliments on it all the time.  It's a little heavy, but I got used to it quickly, and wear it almost every day.  The finish is very shiny (seemed like more of a brushed-chrome look in the picture)- but hasn't been prone to scratches or fingerprints.  I have tiny wrists (~6") and was able to adjust it to a perfect fit removing all but one of the removable links.
B000WS5KTG Classy looking, good quality I chose this watch because I work in a fairly conservative environment and I wanted something to cover the tattoo I have around my wrist. I've had this watch for about a year and I wear it at least 5 times a week, 10 hours a day. It doesn't tarnish and it seems to be very scratch resistant(to date it has no scratches). I have very sensitive skin as well and I've had no adverse effects to the material. It is comfortable and easy to read. The band can be shortened for a snug fit by removing links. The face covering of the watch is very trauma resistant. I have bumped the face accidentally at least twice wherein I was afraid to look to see the damage, but it was completely intact. I have been very happy with this product. There is only one small drawback. On occasion, I have bent my wrist in a way which causes the clasp to release, but the watch is bracelet style so it never completely falls off, just slides down my wrist onto my hand. Completely satisfied with this product. Worth every penny.
B000XPF97G Hmmmmm... Nice watch, sleek design, those that make people stop and ask "where did you get it?", but after 10 months it just broke down with sadly no fix :( was really cheap when I bought it so I don't complain much but, would be great to have it still with me.
B0013ZT1PG Puma Watch This is an elegant watch. It is still working very well and it continues perform well without any disappointment. It was a good deal too
B0013ZT1PG Looks like the picture This watch looks great, I love the way it looks on me. I'm petite and it looks like a cool chunky watch on my wrist.
B0013ZUDRG Good design, and good functionality. but you may graw out of it! My wife liked the unique and used it for a couple of weeks, then she felt ready to go back to streamline color watches. Keep in mind, the stones around the face, are almost negligible on the actual watch.
B0017O8WFS Amazing Watch! I just received this watch as a graduation gift from college.  It looks absolutely incredible!  Very unique design with a very sturdy, solid band and large face.  I love that it features both digital and analog readouts.Before getting the watch I was a little confused about the multiple dials, now I understand and can relate them to anyone else who is curious.  On the left hand side of the watch is the digital display featuring time, date and seconds.  It cycles through all three at the touch of a button.  The digital readout is a little dark, but can be seen well enough.The analog part of the watch face is very unique.  It takes a bit of getting used to since the face is not a normal circle, but it's a snap to figure out.  The main face is of course the hour and minute hand, but the second hand is locked at the top most of the time.  Time is kept fine and the second hand is actually more of a timer.  At the touch of a button it starts timing and you can pause and reset it whenever you like.Three small dials are arranged on the analog portion as well.  They are seconds, minutes and hours represented individually.  There is also a tiny window showing the date.  I'm not sure how the date is acurately kept since you don't set the month on the analog side of the dial.  You have to spin the time through 24 cycles to change this tiny date window.  But the easiest way to see the date is obviously the digital anyway.The watch feels very good on my wrist, solid and comfortable.  I've had nothing but compliments from everyone who's seen it and they all love the design.Thanks to my husband for this great gift!  It's tough being an adult college student with job and kids, but I made it through and this watch is a great way to commemorate this event!- Rodney
B0017PTEH2 Nice watch! I love the color of this watch.Super cool looking. Puma is top quality. Battery included. I love the digital display!Thanks!
B0017PTEH2 Love it...:-) I been looking for a red watch of a casual look and this is it... it arrived on time as expected. It awesome. At last i have it
B0017QEVJ2 Live it looks much better than in the picture. It is one of those items that, in person, have greater presence and impact. I bought it as a gift, but I was about to get it to me.It is a beautiful watch and works without problems, perfect for casual occasions.
B0017TYENC Nice Watch This watch impressed me by your beauty and design, in despite of being only a simple analogic watch.
B0017TYENC Great Gift I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Valentine's Day. The package was delivered RIGHT on time and the watch was looking perfect. It did end up being a little too big for him, but it was easy enough to get the extra links removed. So far everythings good.
B0017VON2M A pretty and uique watch Personally, I like Orange watches, so I liked this watch from the photo, When I got it, the band felt a bit to soft, for my taste, and the color didn't look as striking as the photo, never the less, it is a very unique watch and you will probably like it.
B001D1DUHK Disappointing On the surface this looked like a promising watch. The display was large, the buttons big, rubber strap and decent water resistance.  I was in the market for a nice running watch where I didn't have to aim precisely to start and stop the chronometer.When I first un-boxed the watch it took me a good 20 minutes to figure out I had to unlock the buttons by holding down the back light for 3 seconds!  If you let the watch sit long enough it locks itself again!  Very annoying if you want to quickly rotate to another function.  Even unlocked the watch will go into a "screen saver" mode and display little Puma sayings until a button is pressed.When you rotate through the menu options a high pitched beep is emitted letting you know you've pressed a button.  Sadly there is no way to disable this tone.I discovered the worst aspect of this watch on my first run with it.  It was pouring rain as I started the stop watch function.  After a mile I look at the watch and it had given me 7 splits!  The impact of the water on the over sensitive buttons was activating the split function.  As I continued to run, the rain drops changed the menu for me and proceeded to turn on the alarm clock! Finally a rain drop caused the stop watch to stop and I gave up on the watch entirely.I give this watch 1 star for looking nice and the big screen.  If I was looking for a stylish watch this might be okay but it's obviously not functional as an athletic watch.
B001D1DUKM Don't purchase if you want a practical watch I never write reviews, but I was so unhappy with this product that I feel compelled to warn others. Let me start by saying that the watch in the picture is exactly what it looks like in real life. This is probably the only positive I can give to this product. And the bad....The main watch display is the Puma logo. you actually have to push a button just to see the time. Quickly glancing to check the time is not an option, which means you always have to have a free hand to access the time. Seems petty, but I assure you it gets a little annoying. This wasn't even the most inconvenient part...the actual display (even when you have the 3 second background light on) is incredibly difficult to see. The background vs. number contrast is almost the same color. Black. So not only do you have to fumble with the buttons to find the time, once the time display is on you can't even read it unless you squint your eyes and hold your wrist directly under a light. The buttons are all on the face of the watch and are very sensitive to touch. If my wrist lightly brushed something, the buttons would go off and mess with the watch settings. Numerous times I had to reset the time, alarm, date, stopwatch, etc. because these would change unknowingly throughout the day.To top it all off, I've literally owned this watch for 2 months and the battery is already dead. Worst online purchase of my life so far. Don't waste your money.
B001D1DUKM Wish I could read it. Kind of a weird watch.  My wife wanted one with a countdown timer and an alarm.  This one also has a stopwatch.  Analog watches that have that stuff always have fifteen dials and ten buttons.  She wanted something simple.  This watch would be fine except for one thing; you can't read it.  See how it looks in the picture?  That's the best contrast you'll get.  Worse, it doesn't normally show the time, it shows the Puma logo.  You have to push a button to get the time.  There's a light, which you'll be able to see if you get in a very, very dark room.The screen is too dark, the contrast is too low, and the light is too dim, and you have to push a button to read it.  This watch feels like about twelve bucks, not eighty.
B001D1DULG Good Quality Watch This watch is high tech with loads of functions and it's stylish also.  My two gripes with it is that if you wear it with long sleeves all the time the colors from your clothes rub off on the white parts staining it forever.  And the user manual doesn't really explain that it is a touch instead of press to use the buttons on the watch.  Some thing like the wheel on the Ipod or Zune.
B001D1DULQ Great watch but problems with Amazon Had to order it twice. The first time, the wrong watch was delivered. The second time the watch came without the supporting paperwork - instructions & warranty. The first time I used customer service through the internet and had to return the watch and repurchase it. The second time the same option was offered. Fortunately, its a simple watch, so I'm just going to hope there are no problems.
B001D1DUSY Puma Men's I bought this watch as a present to my friend. And it really satisfy my expectations. It is a really good present for a boy/men.
B001D1DUSY Worth it! The watch is very heavy which makes it seem more expensive than what it really is! But when I recieved it the clasp on the watch was broken, so just waiting on a replacement to come.
B001D1DUSY Great watch I bought this watch for my husband and he loves it.  He also gets compliments on it every time he wears it.  Made well.  Very happy with purchase.
B001D1DUSY Decent watch, has some issues. I got this not too long ago and its a decent watch but I would have expected a little better for the price. It feels a little lacking in quality, it's pretty light for its size which can be a good thing but tells me a lot of thin metals and plastics were used so I do not think it will hold up well over time.The clasp is poorly made, the sprocket holding it in place is too small and frequently the clasp falls off when taking the watch on or off. I will need to get one that fits correctly.
B001D1DV2E Puma Watch I love this watch!!!  It's stylish, chic, trendy, dressy and very well made.  I really love the large numbers. Makes it easy to read without glasses.
B001D1DV6A Large watch, not for small wrists I would have given 1 star, except the watch is REALLY CUTE!  The shipping was very fast, and it's a nice watch overall.However, it is just too large for my wrist.  Even placing the band in the smallest hole is just not tight enough.  I could "get over" having a large face on the watch if the band was a better fit.  My wrist is about 6" around, and the face of the watch is just over 1" square.I'm debating whether to see if I can have the strap adjusted, or if I should just return the watch.This is my second attempt at purchasing a Puma women's watch.  The one I previously returned was even larger...(I previously returned the Puma Women's Active Collection Fluctuation White and Purple Watch #PU910202002.) The band on the White/Purple watch fit, but the face of the watch was HUGE!
B001D1FY38 Cool looking, but junk Interesting design wristwatch, but it's strictly for looks, not functionality.  The rolling taglines get a little tiresome and you can't turn them off.  The backlight is useless. You have to touch it when you want the time.  Had difficulty figuring out the programming.UPDATE: Watch stopped working after about 5 months.  I expect more from an item costing this much; if I wanted a "disposable", I would have bought a clearance watch at CVS for $9.99.
B001D1FY38 GREAT WATCH THIS IS A GREAT AND STYLISH WATCH. BUT THE ONLY DRAWBACK IS THE BATTERY LIFE. I CHANGE THE BATTERY ON AVG EVERY 3 MONTHS AND IT COSTS ME ABOUT 10 DOLLARS PER VISIT TO GET IT REPLACED. BUT OVERALL GREAT WATCH.
B001D1FY5G Cheaply made, over-priced, discolored I am not one to write reviews frequently, but I am really disappointed about this item. My sons were excited to give me this watch for Christmas. When I got this particular watch, however, I found these problems:1) It arrived after Christmas (later than promised)2) The "white" part of the band was discolored, slightly yellowish, very noticeable.3) The buttons were not as responsive as I expected, especially since they are large.4) The watch band was stiff and felt a bit cheap to me, it has some 'cheesy-looking jewels" lining the top and bottom of the display, further cheapening the overall look.I have had several digital sports watches in my many years of teaching PE and coaching. On first glance this one looks cool, but, after examination I know I would not keep it even if the band was pristine. It did not meet any expectations (or those of my kids). I am sending it back.
B001D1FY7E bling bling watch from puma , love the european brand and this watch gets me a compliment each time i wear it ...love the silver color
B001D1FY8S Great Watch This is by far one of the most interesting watches I have.  What I like about it most is the lack of hands for telling time with.  The rotating disk that it uses instead of hands.  Everybody that sees it has nothing but good things to say about it, after they get over the inital shock of figuring out how to tell time on it.
B001D1FYG0 Fantastic sleek sports watch This watch was delivered promptly, almost a day or two later.  In excellent condition, tags on.  Very fine chronograph for the motorsport enthusiast
B001D1FYG0 Stealth watch. This watch looked stealth and when I bought the watch it looked fantastic on me.  The face was a perfect size, I was actually afraid that it was going to be too small.  The order arrived right on time and I had no worries.
B001D1FYG0 Great Watch This watch is even better looking in person and it keeps time well. I think advertised water resistant depth may be wrong. On the back of the watch it says 10 Bar. But I'm not going look for humboldt squid anytime soon. I highly recommend.
B001D1FYG0 Nice large sport watch This is nice sport watch and I really like it though my first thought was to return it back.Description says that case diameter is 38 millimeters - and I was looking for exacltly that size for smaller watches - but this one actually has diameter of 42 to 44 mm. I uploaded photo with one of the rulers I tried.Anyway, I removed several links from bracelet, and though watch is quite big for my wrist is still feels just fine.BTW, watch's hands are luminous, which is great and it's not in description.
B001D1FYHE Nice Watch but... Very nice made, everything is fine but the glass kind easy to scratch.Id buy to friends.
B001D1FYOC Watch is solid & elegant. I purchased this watch for my sis, so I can't provide a thorough review on the product use or durability, but this watch looks beautiful!  It feels solid, a bit on the heavy side, but very elegant.  Too big for my wrist, though.  The watch came in a standard red, cardboard, puma box.  The item arrived on time and in good condition.
B001D1HBAM billboard effect This watch looks great but the white finish on the rubber strap is not that good, fades easily, also after a couple of minutes the watch goes into some sort of idle state and a scrolling feature comes on with advertisement and lame phrases, so anytime you need to know the time you have to press a button and if its dark then make that 2 buttons including light, not very intuitive. returned mine within a week.
B001D1HBFW Didn't work Received this watch and I was shocked all it could do was tell time... What a rip off! It was supposed to do so much more like make me look oh so much more fashionable, all kidding a side this watch is a true FAIL!
B001D1HBFW poor quality i bought this watch thinking that its the original and it looked great in the pictures but when i recieved it it looked like a cheap replicai will return the watch and get my money back
B001D1HBFW Cheap-looking, plastic watch I was really disappointed with this Puma watch and have since returned it.  It just didn't have a quality appearance; the plastic is extremely cheap looking. There is also the fake plastic chrome accents.  Not sure of the functionality, because I never got that far. It might be fine as a time-keeping device, but I suspect most are buying this for the style. Great style; poor execution.
B001D1HBPC Love my PUMA watch This watch is gorgeous and I love it but it's NOT pink or even rose gold. It is definitely a gold watch, the picture color is off.  That being said I am still very happy with it and didn't even consider sending it back.
B001D1HBPC looks great but impossible to tell time If you are looking for a style not too bulky and huge, this one may be for you.  But if you need the watch to tell time, the design is pretty poor because the 2 solid black plates that covers the numbers mostly except the very edge from the bottom for hours(hours and minutes) has a little square opening so only when the openings landed on the center of the numbers, then you can see it.  When it's in between numbers, you can barely find the opening or do I have the patience to spend over 10 seconds or more to figure out the time.Also, although wrist band is plastic but has a good heavy gauge feel and doesn't bother my skin.  It will be hard to slide the band in and out the buckle, so I 1st put the pin through the hole (skipping the 1st loop from the buckle) then slide it out at the other end of the buckle.  It stays in place because the end of the band has a raised lump to prevent the band comes out.I have many watches for fashion and looks purposes, so not too big an issue for me if I can't read the time...and that's why I rated 3 stars.
B001D1HBPC Puma watch It's ok, but I would like more information about item about exactly color, caracteristics , etc.Discount its very good, and I receive my purchase in an optimal time.
B001D1HBPC Soooo Fashion This is a beautyfull watch, is a little difficult to tell the time, but is so pretty i don't care. Very happy with it.
B001D1HBVG Excellent watch! I'm very pleased with every bit of this watch.  It is made well and true to Puma style is a very eye-catching watch that is versatile with whatever you wear.
B001D1HBVG Huge This watch is for those who like big watches. It's a little big, but it's very beautiful. It really draws attention. I'm very pleased.
B001D1HBVG Nice watch It's a pretty nice watch. The face of it and style are real nice but it is quite big! Also in the watch I received had couple tiny tiny pieces of dust in it so it's not perfect, but you can't tell unless you Really scrutinize it.If you're not into bigger watches you might want to choose a different one.
B001D1J6S2 Saverscreen is boring. Good watch....however, there is a screensaver that I really have no idea how I could stop it. I got bored because if I want to see what time is it, I need to press a button for stopping saverscreen.
B001D1J6S2 Basic digital watch with a very annoying messaging banner This watch is cool looking in the pictures and does exactly as advertised. The strap and body are made of shiny plastic that protects it from water. The watch is well constructed and feels strong but light. Now the bad part is that it has a very annoying banner that can not be turned off or changed to a less lame message. Every time you want to see the time, you have to press a button that beeps really loud (The beeping can not be turned off either)and then the banner re-appears after around a minute. This gets really annoying after a few times and that is the main reason why it gets a low rating.
B001D1J6TQ Nice Design - Old School Graphics I really like the way the watch looks and sits. Very trendy looking. However, the graphics on it looks a little old. This is my first Puma watch, and I like the reading on my Nike watch better. It also said that a Puma shoe key chain comes with the order. I never got it.
B001D1J6TQ PuPuma Men's Active Collection Top Flow Watch #PU910181002 Review Great looking watch.  Very happy with product and its the easiest digital watch to program and use!  Only downside is that the band has a very sticky/rubber feeling to it and it gets fuzzy from clothing easily, (you have to wipe it off with a damp cloth often).  Great watch though.
B001D1J6TQ Good watch, but a design quirk This watch was gifted to me by my girlfriend. I think it is a very stylish watch, and looks smart on the wrist. The design and options are pretty decent for a watch at this price. The only thing that I thought was a design quirk is that and it seems just like its predecessor, the -Puma Men's Active Collection Top Flow Watch #PU910181001, this watch too requires pressing the mode button if you want to see the time. I read through the manual and tried a couple of things, but couldn't get the rolling screensaver (which they call as the "Scrolling Mode") to disable. Other than that, I think this watch is pretty cool.
B001D1J6TQ Cheap Plastic Look Watch looks good on the web page. Once I received it, I realized how cheap the plastic looked. Returned it. Dont get this watch thinking it looks cool. It doesnt.
B001D1J6VE Just ONE flaw. The only problem with this watch is that it defaults to a screensaver type thing (a scrolling puma logo and a sentence about "think casual" or something like that) if two minutes go by with no buttons being pushed.The exceptions for this function are if the chronometer or timer are running.But if you want to glance at your wrist to see what time it is, you'll have to push a button and wait about 3 seconds to get the time displayed....I'm slowly getting used to it.  And no more discreetly checking the time because the button you push to get to get the time displayed makes a nice BEEP.Other than that, I'm very happy with this watch.  It's got all features I need, it's simple to use, and it's cute.
B001D1J754 Casual It's a very nice watch, different style of watching the time and a ver noticeable accesorie for others. Poeple will notice the watch and the way time is shown immediately. The lash, though, since is like solid plastic, i wonder if it might be broke after bending so many times in the locking slot I use to thight it to my wrist.
B001D1J768 Love This Watch I reallt like this watch!  I originally bought it because I am in nursing school and needed a watch with a second hand.  Well, it absolutely does not work for that purpose since the puma turning is the second hand.  It takes a little to get used to looking at the numbers showing instead of just glancing at where the hands would be.  Although I cannot wear it for school, I have started wearing it for everything else.  I do think I must have slightly larger wrists (although I am not a big person, just healthy) as I can only wear it on the second notch comfortably.  I have gotten it wet and had no problems at all as well.  It looks good on, and I would highly recommend it.
B001D1J768 Lots of Compliments I like the look of this watch, it feels very sturdy and even though the band is rubber it is not irritating to my skin.I did notice that the glass covering the watch face isn't as clear as it is in the photo - it appears more soft focus, and yes, I did remove the plastic coating that they come packaged with.  I could have probably returned it for that but there isn't much info on this model to compare to so I just decided to keep it.The band is a little rigid so I'm hoping with time it will soften up and contour to my wrist.
B001D1J7IG Just about right... This watch is stunning, and not just in the pictures. I purchased this as a gift for my wife, and she loves it. However, you cannot get a realistic idea of how large this watch is by the pictures alone. This watch is much bigger than you may think. The face of it is about the size of my wifes entire wrist, but when she picked it out from the website she was expecting it to be a smaller, more subtle piece. Although it is quite large, it is still very nice and does the job. I would deffinately recommend this product.
B001D1J7JK Good one This watch is really nice, it seems to be strong, it's big and looks good. I had to change the battery and now I don't know how to close it, I cannot use one of those machines people use to close them because of the curved glass .. I have to figure it out ..It has just two hands, not three as specified
B001J2POA4 Somewhat difficult to use. Setting the watch, was a 2 day task. And my husband says every time he looks down at it he can never tell the time because it's always saying &#34;its puma time&#34;. I know its just a coincidence, but it its kind of annoying. He does get many compliments on the style and how unique it is, but he would rather have functionality.
B001J2POA4 do not even bother do not bother ordering this watch.  it is not the watch pictured but a cheap looking black and blue puma watch.  if your try to return it they will just send you the same watch back.  and if you use a gift card to purchase this watch you cant get your money back, customer service will just tell you to try ordering the item again in a week or so.
B001J2POA4 nice and fashionable watch very recommended exellent watch very attractive and usefull, teh slogans shown are incredible and materials are great. cheap and young look at all
B002EL3KQE Perfect My daughter really seems to love Pumas, but these light up and that makes them amazing to her.  She love to bang them together when they are off to watch them light up.
B002L16B68 Great as a watch, but other functions are lacking... My touchscreen watch is great for telling the time, but the touchscreen functionality is more of a gimmick.  The touchscreen doesn't work great to switch from function to function (alarm, stopwatch, timer, etc.)...it only works about half the time.  Sometimes when it won't switch between functions, I have to not touch it for a few minutes and start all over.  Also, the backlight only stays on for about 2 seconds and will only turn on when you are looking at the time which means if you need to set your alarm when it's dark, you pretty much can't.  Other than that, I love the aesthetics and I thought it would look dirty really quickly because of the white but it hasn't.  And it's so nice having the time and date right there (I previously was without a watch).  That's why I gave it three stars...it's great if you just need to know what time it is but if you plan on using the functions frequently, it's probably not the watch for you.
B002SSQF6A Satisfied! Overall the item was as described. You should be aware that the watch does not have integrated light.
B002SSQF92 Larger & Stiffer than expected I got this watch because I liked the clean look, but it was actually much larger than I expected.  Also, the wrap-around on my wrist was stiff making it not very comfortable for extended wear.  Other than the size and flexibility, this watch is ok - but I never wear it anymore.
B002SSXMGG Great Watch Great watch, just wish it had a light feature and a date display.
B002ST1RBW Finally! I'd been trying to get this watch for FOREVER!  I've ordered it from eBay and another online watch seller, and both times something happened to the watch and it could never be shipped to me!  I finally saw it on Amazon and hesitantly ordered it.  The grey and purple is a great color combo, the only thing is that the watch face and numbers are a little bit dark....yes there is a function where you can adjust the contrast, but it's still not as bright as I would have hoped.  Still a great piece though; glad I finally got my hands.....uh, wrist....on it!
B002ST1RBW Nice Watch! I got this as a gift for my wife and she loved the watch, resistant, good looking, and fits her well.
B002U7RQJ4 Great gift Great Product, functions well and it is fashionable.  Great Gift for a birthday gift.  Love the functionality on the watch
B002U7RQJY Great watch! I used this watch overseas on deployment and it as been great. Everybody complements me on it. Its a sharp watch and very easy to set and reset.
B0031O0ESK Just what I wanted! This watch is perfect size.  I love that it is all white...there is no metal on the sides like most of the other watches I found while looking for this one.  I normally don't like gold but the gold on this watch is nice. Perfect watch for what I was looking for.  I wear it at work as a nurse in the ER and it is durable enough to handle the day to day wear and tear there as well.
B0031O0ESK Really nice watch This product exceeded my expectations. It is a really good product especially for the money. I would reccomend it. My wife has gotten many compliments.
B0031O0ESK Love it. I really love this watch and the overall look of it. I've gotten a lot of compliments on it. It was a bit confusing to figure out how to set all the dials correctly but once I had it down, it was great to have the day of the month and week on there too. Matches really well with rose gold jewelry.
B0031O0ESK good watch The watch came very clean without any damages. The outter case was with some scratches and dents but nothing of importance.Its a nice white sport watch for women. Was a great present
B0031O0ESK Just what I wanted! This watch is perfect size. I love that it is all white...there is no metal on the sides like most of the other watches I found while looking for this one. I normally don't like gold but the gold on this watch is nice. Perfect watch for what I was looking for. I wear it at work as a nurse in the ER and it is durable enough to handle the day to day wear and tear there as well.
B0031O0ESK Exactly what I expected This watch is exactly what I expected. I love it! Very sporty and white matches with everything. I recommend it.
B0031O0ESK Really great watch The inside of the band has the word PUMA written inside of it. And it doesnt hurt. Although like every watch needs to be worn a bit to feel more comfortable. The face is great although I had difficulty setting the second position for the 24hr/day/month setting since it wasnt turning when in position like the directions. It came in a nice little puma box. Will fit about any wrist size since it has alot of holes. I have a big wrist and it fits me well. Im glad i bought this watch.
B0031O0ESK The best watch I ever Had I am really happy with this watch, Excellent for women and really modern and nice :)I will continue buying Puma products...This watch rocks!
B0031O0ESK My GF LOVES it! bought it as a gift for my girl.she loves it. the only downside is that for all white stuffs, it might turn yellowish in the future.I will perhaps monitor and update again on the time it will take for this watch to have a change of colour.
B00356Y1BA Not very good design I purchased this item in order to have a nice watch for Golf and avoid damaging my regular watch. I find it very hard to read, the dial colors are a bad design and they don't contrast with the hands, so it make its very difficult to read. It also has a chronograph hand that makes it even more difficult to read, you have to pay a lot of attention. I looked at dozens of watches and I didn't realized that it was going to be that bad. It doesn't have any light or glow in the dark, so your can't see it in the dark at all.
B0035AOMSS Not that great The watch is not great. I needed a black watch for a specific reason and this got the job done. But the design is definitely flawed, the wrist band is poorly designed which leaves the entire watch looking and feeling bulky on the wrist. The controls are not intuitive for the different modes. The numbers are hard to see in most types of light unless it is dark and you use the light. The watch is definitely not worth $55.
B0035YCKJC just great I gave this watch to my wife as a gift and she loves it.Nice watch, not expensive at all. keeps the time. great sport look.
B0036B559G Excelent watch Excelent watch the delivery was very fast and when i recive the product wao! wonderfull watch, recommend this product for everyone.
B0036B559G Cool Puma Women's watch This Puma Watch is comfortable on the arm, the colours on the picture are true to reality. I like the dark (black) background and the white digitals. I'm very satisfied with this product, which I couldn't find in my own country.
B0036B5B36 Puma watch I love this watch! the only thing that I found some of the crystal moved out of place when I receive it.
B0036B5B36 Conversation starter. I have this watch for almost a year now and though it has scratches already (working in Food Service Industry), it still receives tons of compliments and had been my favorite. You can dress it up or down. It is very light and isn't hard to read at all.I think the size of the watch is also perfect for petite girls.I would definitely buy another one of this in case mine would show greater wear in the next few years.A great buy.
B003AVN7JC Five Stars Beautiful watch
B003BNY8QK A once-great design has now become poor I owned this same watch in white for many years, and it was far superior. This version has all the same features: chronograph, alarms, timers, heart rate monitor, in-zone timers. However, physically, it's got some big flaws that make me pull my recommendation for it.Pros:- The above-mentioned features- Syncs automatically with a wide variety of cardio equipment- Large display- Looks cool- Lightweight despite its sizeCons:- The display is unreadable in anything other that bright, direct light. The older white version had the typical black-on-gray display which had terrific visibility in most lighting conditions. Unfortunately, the backlight on this current version doesn't even help that much, except in pure darkness.- Other reviewers are correct--the face is now SO easily scratched. While I had the white version for about 5 years and it barely had a scratch on it, this one is easily scratched within just a few days. I actually have to take the watch off when doing kettlebells, so I'll risk rendering the display completely unreadable.- The light-up red bar for in-zone HR training is nice, but just like the old version, you can't unlink the light and the beeping. Would've been nice if Puma had updated this feature so you can get a visual indicator without annoying everyone around you with the beeping.- The buckle is now easily scratched as well. It's painted black, and well, now the silver is showing through after only a few wears.- Battery in my strap was dead upon receipt. I had to replace it with a new CR2032.Come on, Puma, the point of releasing newer versions is to correct the issues with the older ones, not to cheap out on materials and design.
B003BNY8QK Poor, don't buy. Bought it came with a finger print right out of the box. Scratches real easy. I was expecting more for a watch over 100. Menu's are boring. Hard to read in the sunlight, dim at night. The bar never worked for me. The band broke too for me. Don't buy it, not worth it.
B003BNY8QK Would have been a great watch except for one major flaw This watch really does have it all.  Its sleek, calorie counter, water resistant, back light, heart rate monitor, and most importantly tells time very well.The major flaw?  Well Amazon recently changed it but it used to say the display was made of mineral, which it isn't and they have subsequently changed it.  How did I konw?  Well that's easy cause I went to get a soft cloth to clean what I thought was a smudge (was a bad scratch) and scratched the lens more.  This watches display was made of acrylic!  Acrylic are you kidding me?  I spend this much on a watch to have an acrylic display?!!  Who even uses Acrylic anymore for displays or what not?  DVD's don't even use Acrylic they use polycarbonate, so that means this watch will scratch easier than your DVD discs.  Mine came scratched heavily on delivery.Here's the even worse deal about acrylic and that's the fact that you CAN NOT USE ANYTHING TO CLEAN YOUR WATCH except for specialty cleaning kits for acrylic surfaces, which will cost you time and money.  Yep, that's right, so if you see that smudge on it.  Don't touch it! because you'll probably scratch it.  In comparison you can use a 100% cotton t-shirt to clean your DVD discs by gently rubbing them with lukewarm water, but you can't do the same with Acrylic lenses or surfaces.Returned mine for a refund.  Stick with mineral or above for watches.
B003BNY8QK product is great .. the amazon care not i order the watch b/c i started a new plan and i needed to track my HB .when i get the watch for my surprise it was a scratch on it . like any good customer i called amazon ( a phone number u can't find on the website tho . just if u google it ) and asked to see what they can do . first call i was on hold for 25 min and then no one answer . on the second call i ask to talk to a supervisor . a guy name Wayne answer the phone . is offer was that i can ship back the watch ( like 5-7 days ) and then get a full refund to order a new watch . when i told him i need the watch and if there's nothing else he can do he said no it's not amazon problem but the seller ... i said thank u and good bye .the product is great puma did a really good job .. just keep in mind if u gonna have a problem you might not going to get the proper caring ...
B003BNY8QK Pretty decent heart rate monitor watch PROS:-the monitor is very snug and comfortable!-the watch looks great-packaging was very impressive-has heart rate alarm/indicators-has timer/alarm, etc. manually adjustable heart rate limitsCONS:-there is some lag with the heart rate monitor (not objective data, but i'd say somewhere around 5-15 seconds?)-the indicator blinks, and doesn't stay lit-the heart rate alarm beeps when you're in normal range: a bit annoying and I wish it would only beep when you're OUTSIDe the range-you have to get used to using the buttons without the manualnotes:-the display may look dark when you first receive it, but works well in daylight/night
B003BNY8QK Good watch Overall good watch a bit hard to figure it out. But I works pretty well ! Heart rate is very accurate also it's affordable
B003BNY8QK Pretty sweet with a few drawbacks I had been looking for a sleek looking HRM watch, and decided to take a crack at this one despite a couple negative reviews. My first day out with it I got many compliments as well as a few "what does that do?" type questions. Having experience with similar watches (and being Lefty) I like having the buttons on the face of the watch. Based on another review, I will be as careful as possible with the watch's face to avoid scratching.Overall, I would say this watch is geared toward the mid-range user who wants a good looking watch. This watch doesn't have any distance or GPS features, so this is not ideal for outdoor running (if you need that type of data). It does not store workout history or transfer data to a PC. For those reasons, I wouldn't necessarily recommend this HRM Watch for a hardcore fitness enthusiast.With that out of the way... I was aware of this watch's feature set before I bought it, and was not in need of those advanced features. I bought this to wear during my P90X workouts to "stay in the zone", and it suits that need perfectly thanks to the Zone Indicator feature. The watch also tracks workout time, calorie burn, and some stats on your min/max/avg heart rate. I am happy with the data that it tracks and plan to use this during all my workouts.For the Pros:- Chest Belt is very comfortable- Watch strap is also very comfortable- HRM readings seem accurate- Lots of features/data readings- Min/Max for Target Heart rate has simple setup, but also has manual over-ride- Unique and modern design- Backlight illuminates entire watch face- Mine came with a $100 price tag on the watch, and I paid $60!- There is a button with a Puma on it!...and the Cons:- Screen is a bit dim, hard to read when not in direct lighting(The above issue is likely due to the negative red display of this particular model)- Some of the detailed HRM icons are tiny and hard to see while moving- In HRM mode, the backlight button also toggles HRM functions- Only records one workout worth of data(You can use the pause feature to record multiple workouts within one day, but you will only have one set of totals)- Instructions leave a bit to be desired- I can't find a way to enable to Heart Rate Zone LEDs without also enabling the Heart Rate Min/Max alarms* (This would make me give it a 5!)- Does not have a Knight Rider scanner mode (This would make me give it a 6!)*This feature makes the watch alarm beep when you are below or above you target zone. While this is a great feature for when you cannot stop to look at the watch, the beeps are going to be annoying during interval training when you are not constantly trying to stay "in the zone", or if you are working out with others. You have to dig pretty deep through the setup menu to turn the alarm feature on and off. Hopefully in a future version of this watch, they will allow you to turn on the LED independent of the audible alarm. If anyone found a way to do this, please post a reply so I can update this review to a 5!
B003BNY8QK readability issues I love this watch, I use it to monitor my heart rate for stress levels and for biofeedback, along with fitness purposes to stay in my target heart rate. I am a fan of the Quantified Self movement and this helps me know what's going on with my body at a glance, I especially like the bar graph on the side. I set my target HR low at work to around normal resting heart rate on the low end, to a high HR at the top end. My employees can see me getting stressed without me even having to say anything... though they still don't care anyway... hahahaThat said, the display is extremely hard, if sometimes impossible, to read unless you are in blazingly bright light... the picture is a bit deceiving but was probably taken with a lot of lights around as professional photos normally are. This isn't a HUGE problem, just an inconvenience as it does have the backlight feature... I just thought it would be more readable from the picture it has. I mean literally a lot of the time the screen just looks like a black rectangle.So I would advise you guys considering buying this watch maybe to go with the white model if it coordinates with your wardrobe. I have NO idea if it would be much better, it just seems as though it would be since its screen is not mostly black. I am stuck wearing black most of the time so the black model matches most of my attire.Anyway overall it is an awesome watch and I basically wear it all day every day. I'm happy with it but it could be better. Some clever person might capitalize on this by copying the basic design but making the necessary improvements, like using OLEDs instead of a couple LEDs for the bargraph, more readable screen, solar panel for regenerative charging, accelerometer for sleep and autobacklight ala g-shock, etc.I feel if g-shock were to have made this watch it would be one of the most badass watches ever.
B003BNY8QK Great Watch! Good watch. Does everything it promises! Comfortable to wear. It's worth the money.After a few days also easy to use.
B003BNY8QK Perfect balance of Style, Versatility, and Functionality, I had been on the hunt for a good sports watch, and I was also, at the same time, on the hunt for a heart rate monitor. I came across this watch, and it immediately caught my eyes, having my 3 favorite colors: Black, Red, and Stainless Steel. Upon further inspection and research, I started to like it more and more, and the price, finally, made me come to the conclusion that my search was over. It was one of those moments where you just know.- Style:I love minimalist things that really have something special, despite of the lack of cosmetics. This watch caught my eye with a couple of things: The colors, I love black, red, and my favorite color is stainless steel. And the best part is that they are done so subtly, with the black band, the vertical stainless steel strips on the side, and the one &#34;mysterious&#34; red glass-line, the look was really appealing to me. Regardless of the fact that the digits that tell the time and the rest of the functions are very simplistic, and there's nothing special about them, they serve its purpose, and get to the point without going overboard with the fanciness. I appreciated that statement; that &#34;Here's a good watch/heart rate monitor. You won't be overwhelmed with the digits because we focused on the point of the watch, not flashiness&#34;.Overall, I love the look of it. It's like a good suit, where it doesn't have to be covered in bells and whistles to look great. It just needs to get the message across, and do it well. And this watch does it very well.The band itself has some nice engraving, giving it texture, and there's a stripe of &#34;puma&#34; lettering going around it. Very nice, without going overboard.-Versatility and Fucntionality:The watch has many functions: Time (in 12/24hrs), Heart Rate Monitor (get to that one later), Stopwatch, Timer, and Alarm (x2).+Time can be set in 12/24 hrs. Also, it sets date, including year, and also the day of the week. All digital.+Stop Watch includes a &#34;Split timer stopwatch&#34; and a &#34;Lap stopwatch&#34; for those of you looking to go sprinting. Simple, but useful and to the point.+Timer apparently goes all the way up to 99 hours, and 59 minutes and 59 seconds. Something that I won't be testing any time soon, but it's nice to know it can go that high, since my last watch only went up to one hour. Comes in handy when you want to take a nap, and don't want to reset one of your alarms.+Alarm, simple, but to the point. Able to set two separate ones. And simple to enable/disable them. The beep is standard, and loud enough to hear. I have a very loud a/c unit next to my bed, and the watch was sitting on a table halfway down the room, and I still heard the alarm.+ Last but not least, the Heart Rate monitor:It comes with a torso band that is very standard, for those of you who have used one before. And while the watch, when you first open it, feels very high quality, even the band; the torso band seems simpler, and of lesser quality. Standard elastic band that attaches via loop clamps, and a buckle to adjust the length. The transmitter part is the one that seems of lesser quality, and the plastic feels a little cheap, but it's a simple part, and doesn't really need to be &#34;high quality&#34;, especially if it's going to get sweated on a lot. It uses 2 CR2032 batteries, which, I hope last for a while.The band itself is only activated when it's pressed against your torso, and the heart rate monitor reads it wirelessly. So, I'm thinking that the batteries are only being used when used in conjunction with the heart rate monitor. So, theoretically, they should last a while. The heart rate monitor on the watch is the second function, for accessibility of ease.The good thing is that it is extremely simple to read your hear rate. SIMPLY, strap the torso strap on, tightly, and the watch will read it automatically, without you doing anything, as long as it is ON your body. The band itself never gets uncomfortable.The not-so-good thing is that it is somewhat confusing to adjust all the settings in the memory.And the one thing that REALLY sold me on this watch: The Knight Rider red strip on the face of the watch. At first, I was already sold on the look of it. I mean, for a watch to have the balls to put a red stripe in the middle of a watch. But it actually has a functionality. It lights up, incrementally, as it reads your heart rate, when you have the strap on.One of the settings, in the HRM ( Heart Rate Monitor) Function, lets you set your &#34;hi&#34; and &#34;low&#34; BPM settings. This is, for those of you not very &#34;fitness savvy&#34;, for the purpose of, for instance, to keep your heart rate in the &#34;fat burning zone&#34;. For me, being 30, and according to my weight, height, and fitness level, that is between 122 and 142. You can set these into the watch memory, and when you begin your workout, the light will come on, and light the bottom of the strip as you reach the low end of your BPM Range, and light up higher and higher as you reach the high end of the BPM Range.Super cool function! This is what sold me completely on the watch.The watch has this memory settings, that save your age, gender, height, weight, high BPM and low BPM, and level of fitness. HOWEVER, the manual that the watch comes in is very inaccurate, and confusing, and you might have to play with the watch yourself to really figure it out. Once you do though, you'll enjoy all the functionality that this watch has to offer.+Extras: The light is a light behind the glass plate of the digits that lights up the entire screen, making the red digits bright red, and the black background gray (With light), hard to explain, but there's nothing fancy about it. It's simple, but to the point.+Extended buckle, it's something I REALLY appreciated. Because, since this watch is meant to be used actively, the extended buckle tucks the excess band when you notch it in, and on top it has the regular loop to tuck the rest of the excess. I really appreciated that detail.Another thing I really appreciated was that ALL the buttons are on the face of the watch itself. The four buttons (including the &#34;puma&#34; buttons are easy to use, and much better than the old standard &#34;off the side&#34;  buttons.Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this watch/heart rate monitor. And for the price, you can't beat it. I got it for 70 bucks here, on Amazon. So, any price around that range is well worth spending. The watch even came with the tag that said it was &#34;$100&#34; before.  So, I know I got a very nice product.I highly recommend this for someone looking for all, a stylish modern, watch, AND a heart rate monitor.
B003BNY8QK Puma Heart Rate Monitor The watch works very well as a heart rate monitor, timer, and stopwatch. It's easy enough to set up and operate, and I like how all the buttons are on the top and easy to press when you're working out. One thing I don't like about it is the size of it, and even though it's that big, the red display is small and kind of hard to see, especially indoors. Someone has mentioned that the display also scratches easily, and mine already has a few, although it's new. I hope that this doesn't become a problem later.
B003BNY8QK How to set time ? I didn't understand how to set time in this watch, and it came without the user guide.Anyone know where I can find the manual for download on the Internet?Tks,Eduardo
B003BNY8QK good watch but too bulky good watch for its use.  Too bulky and big, definitely doesnt look good for women.  Its only water resistant for splashes of water.
B003BNY8QK Puma watch I gave the watch as a gift. They said they loved it and they wear it constantly so I'm assuming they love it.
B003BNY8QK Where's the Average Heart Rate? I bought this "watch", not because I needed a watch, but becasue I needed a heart rate monitor. Specifically I wanted a heart rate monitor that provided an  average heart rate after my workout. Product description says this HRM provides "average" heart rate.  No where in the instructions is there mention of "average" heart rate.  Further more there is no support number to call.  I did email and 4 days later still no response.  Also, as others mention the red readout is impossible to read without using the back light which only lasts for a second.  I did not want to continously be pushing the light to monitor my heart rate.  If you want a fully functioning heart rate monitor I definitely do not recommend this one.  It's going back to Amazon today.
B003BNY8QK Very good Very useful and good price as well. This is my second puma watch and have nothing to complain about it.
B003BNY8QK Great It's a great watch, easy to control its functions.It's no too big  and the Heart Rate sync is cool.
B003BNY8QK It's amazing It's amazing watch i hope there's more there is more than one color because i want to give it as a gift for my friend because he like it too :)
B003BNY8QK Read then decide to buy or not Ok so been a few weeks Ive been using the watch and its an ok watch but if you are an extreme trainer you're better off with something else (polar, garmin, suunto. Much pricier tho). I got this for working out and bcuz it looks alrite but in reality it is made with cheap material the &#34;glass&#34; in the front scratches soooooo easily that I even cut a little screen protector to prevent it from damaging any further. The lighting is very low and hard to see sometimes so you might have to constantly use the light. Not to mention I had no frkn idea I had to use a chest strap inorder to work the HRM which pissed me off but you eventually you get used to it. Overall its an okay watch for its price which I think they marked down due to their screw ups. Its not all bad tho I only mentioned the things above to point out some things that might bother you. Its kinda cool for a first watch until your ready to get a suunto watch lol. Has some cool features too like Heart rate monitor which I mainly got for that, a lap counter, workout timer, calorie counter (after you input your info in the settings) and more ofcourse. Not bad overall Im not the pickiest guy ever but Im alright with it. Gets the job done!
B003BNY8QK Best looking HRM watch out there. Picked this up for my wife last week, but think I might get a second. It is a great looking unisex watch. HRM chest strap is comfortable and has been very accurate so far. This is a great basic HRM. Not as fancy as the GPS Garmin's, but also doesn't feel like a small laptop on your wrist.A+ for design and functionality.Well worth the $50
B003BNY8QK Problems I chose this rating because the watch was really great but had certain things that I didn't like. For example, the lighting of the watch was very dim and I could barely see fhe time in daylight. Another one is that it wasn't comfortable wearing the watch. My wrist kept hurting and it put red lines on my wrist even when I kept on switching how loose and tight it would be.
B003BNY8QK Works great It works great! The instructions that comes with it are not that good. The only thing I don't like about it is the size of the watch screen-it's big specially if you have a small wrist.
B003BNY8QK Everything else except... This watch feels great to wear,looks great from afar and captures everybody's attention. It has a heart rate monitor which I havent tested yet. But the one thing that is most disappointing is the display because of which I returned it.Display is totally dark, and even the light on makes no difference. If there is no light directly over, you are struggling to see the time even during day time. I wish they had moved the buttons to the side(like every other watch) and made the display bigger and brighter.If only the display was better this would have been the best watch ever.
B003BNY8QK Cardiac II Black I foud this watch very interested when I order,but once I get it was very difficult to read the cardiac mode
B003BNY8QK I can't see the numbers I wish I could say I liked this watch. I'm not sure if I just got two that were defects or what. The first one I bought I returned because the numbers were to dark. I figured it was a defect and shipped it back and got another. Again the numbers were to dark so I took it and had the battery replaced unfortunately that still did not do the trick. The only time I can see the numbers is when I turn on the light feature. I'm sending the other back and have decided to try the Polar Loop.
B003BNY8QK Pulse band is slow to startup The Watch is ok, but the pulse strap is VERY slow to cummunicate with the Watch, when you want to start to use it. It takes about 15 minutes for the Watch to register your puls. So you really need to plan ahead when you want to use it! It also Works good with TechnoGyn equipment.
B003BNY8QK good i love it, it doesnt have buttons on the side to accidently set it off, the cardiac heart monitor part of it is stupid though, but i guess if you really want to be uncomfortable with that thing around your chest while you run. i really do enjoy the watch, very sporty, yet conservative.
B003BNY8QK ok, but not what i was looking for. i got this watch yeaterday night, and looks nice, but the display is hard to read if not directly in the light. if you press the light button it only stays on for 3 sec. so you constantly have to press it to read what is on th display. during th daay it is better, but still clearer by pressing the light. This a 5bar watch, water resistent upto 50meters, but it is not recommended for swimming, which is a pity since i wanted to time my laps and wear this while swimming. i really wanted to like this watch and start using it, but going through the instructions and different functions, it has a lot of HR settings, below/above HR and time in each HR, but I need a watch to measure my average HR after the excercise. That was the nail in the coffin for me, so have to now send it back.
B003BNY8QK nice watch i ordered this from a third world country so this is expensive for me lol. So trust me when i say its a nice watch :)
B003BNY8QK Great gift Great buy when I good brought price.  Great heart beat monitor that watch thing bring to the table just .
B003BNY8QK So far so good Its simple to use and It does what its meant to. It has a cheap look and not the best display...but for 60 dolars I think its worth it. I wouldn't pay more money for this watch.If you only need to check your HR during workout and see calories burned, this is a very cheap option.
B003BNY8QK Poor customer service My watch strap broke in a month,i tried contacing puma they directed me to another department the lady does not pick up calls or return calls. while i am interested even for paying for strap i cant find replacement online and customer service doest even pick your call even the first time, i dont get how they provide warranty if they dont even answer
B003BNY8QU Do NOT Buy I purchased this item so that I can see the LED at night while I am jogging.  I cannot view the LED unless I fumble in the dark and press a button on the watch. When I do, the watch changes to another mode, thus I have to press again a few times to return to the timer mode.  I have to do all this in the dark.  The engineering was not well thought out on this item.
B003BNY8RE Good watch The watch works well the buttons take sometime getting use too.  The one downside is that the screen is easily scratched.
B003BNY8RE it's okay i bought this watch cause was price reduced, it has pretty good functions and looks good, but the screen is very weak and usually scratches, very easily.
B003BNY8RE Nice HRM This watch really does have it all. Its sleek, calorie counter, water resistant, back light, heart rate monitor, and most importantly tells time very well.The major flaw? Well Amazon recently changed it but it used to say the display was made of mineral, which it isn't and they have subsequently changed it. How did I know? Well that's easy cause I went to get a soft cloth to clean what I thought was a smudge (was a bad scratch) and scratched the lens more. This watches display was made of acrylic! Acrylic are you kidding me? I spend this much on a watch to have an acrylic display?!! Who even uses Acrylic anymore for displays or what not? DVD's don't even use Acrylic they use polycarbonate, so that means this watch will scratch easier than your DVD discs. Mine came scratched heavily on delivery.Here's the even worse deal about acrylic and that's the fact that you CAN NOT USE ANYTHING TO CLEAN YOUR WATCH except for specialty cleaning kits for acrylic surfaces, which will cost you time and money. Yep, that's right, so if you see that smudge on it. Don't touch it! because you'll probably scratch it. In comparison you can use a 100% cotton t-shirt to clean your DVD discs by gently rubbing them with lukewarm water, but you can't do the same with Acrylic lenses or surfaces.
B003BNY8RE WOW THE CHEST STRAP DOESNT WORK ANYMORE This watch is awesome but all it truly does now is tell time !!! at first everything worked well the heart monitor and calorie counter but now the heart monitor only works when it wants to which is pretty stressful one time it took the chest strap 30 minute to detect a heart rate and sometimes it wont even detect a heart rate at all. I just bought this watch 3 weeks ago. Over all you're dealing with a cheap made in china toy heart monitor that is not gonna be worth you money .... Invest in a polar heart monitor sure you will pay maybe 60 dollars more but it will last longer than this.
B003BNY8RE Great Watch ! Great looking watch, iv worn it everyday since I first got it about a month ago ! all functions work as they should !only downfall is the paint on the back of the watch is starting to wear off pretty significantly but luckily for me i didnt buy it too look pretty !apart from that definitely recommend this great watch ! Nicely done Puma
B003BNY8RE I'll stick with their shoes. I love the Puma brand and was excited to find a heart rate monitor watch made by them.  However, the nice looking watch has never detected a heart rate.
B003BNY8RE Great Watch This is not only a cool watch, but a very functional one.  I love it and receive compliments on it all the time.  My favourite sports watch ever.
B003BNY8RE Heart Rate Monitor Manual Ok, the package came. I was reading the manual and to understand the HRM thingy, but unfortunately I couldn't find. The watch seems complicated at first but eventually is easy to use. Very fashionable and nice.
B003BNY8RE Works Perfectly If you are looking for simplicity, you got it. I only use it as a HR monitor because it is quite big to be a watch for me. It has never let me down.
B003BNY8RO Broke Bad lighting, bands broke on watch after 5 months - can't handle being tooken on and off all the time. It is a nice watch, but not if you are ruff, or plan to use it doing ruff sports. Doesn't handle getting beat up very well. Keys will get very sticky, or hard to press. Only good for indoor use like gym's. Also the chest peace is probably the best part about it; when wearing the chest peace I found out the heart rate monitors on the cardio machines read the wireless chest peace, so there is no need to have to look at the watch or hold on to the bars for them to read it. Gets dirty very easy, have to wash at least once an hour if you get dirty easily, or everyday even if you are always clean, its very attracted to dirt. If your looking for a heart rate monitor for the gym, this one isn't a bad idea, but I would go with the black one instead. If you wanna have a sturdier one keep looking, Puma has some other great heart monitor watchs. And get one with sturdy straps.
B003BNY8RO Love this watch! I had been looking for some time for a functional and stylish heart rate monitor and found it in this Puma product.It has enough bells and whistles, but not too many - it has a HRM, timer, chronograph and time and tracks calories burned, HR high and low.It is good looking enough to wear all the time (which I do) and I get tons of compliments on it. The Heart Rate Belt is comfortable and synchs with most gym equipment.Only potential drawback? It is probably not made for someone with a smaller stature as it has a big watch face and is thick on your wrist.
B003BNY8RO love my watch love this kinds of sport watchs. I have even gotten two of this, one for my brother and everybody who sees it, ask me where I have gotten this. the only one is that you should pay attention to this plastic material which it is not very good and it unstuck after a time of use. be careful
B003BNY8RO Great Christmas gift! I just got the watch in the mail. My girlfriend is gearing up for marathon training and the watch is just what she wanted! Large buttons so you can press them on the run with out fumbling around. Great pricing and quick to the door service.
B003BNY8TM Cool look but.... This watch looks really nice and all but the MAJOR problem is that you can't read the time with the red background. The picture makes it look like the black is really bright and the back illuminates. Can only really tell time if you look at it from an angle or push the light button. It shipped really fast however and great service by seller!
B003BNY8TM Thnks!! Thnks for all, is awesome watch i love it :) is for my birthday and is my awesome gift =D thnks for all and good seller :)
B003BNY8TM perfect i love this watch to the core,i wear this watch everyday and still up to now i get compliments,just awesome
B003BNY8TW niice I wanted to get a watch basically to wear when I hit the gym.  This watch is stylish and comfortable on my wrist.  The display is a little dark so one complaint might be that it can be hard to see in dim lighting.  However, you can push a button to get an illuminated look in the dark or low light conditions.  Its not difficult to use the modes.  I not only wear this watch to the gym, I wear it in casual settings as well.  I enjoyed this buy.
B003BNY8U6 Great watch I bought this as a gift. It looks great. It is a little bulky so read very well the product specifications.
B003BNY8U6 Excellent product A+ This watch is very nice. I gave it to my nephew and he loved it! It has all basic functionality that you would expect from these type of watches. This watch looks very cool!
B003BNY8VA Looked good online I purchased this as a gift for my son, whose NIKE Triax300 was worn out and scratched beyond repair.  The battery lasted less than one month in this PUMA.  Was not an easy replacement nor worth the time to attempt.  Found another TRIAX online that was an exact replacement for his original RED/BLACK  Nike watch and never looked back...PIECE OF JUNK - - Don't waste your time or money on THIS watch!
B003BNY8VK I was disappointed Who likes a watch which has to be lightened up whenevery you want to look at the time? Also, buttons are too low to press which makes me highly uncomfortable to even light up the watch. The third is that belt ring is old modeled one which is outdated and I never ever thought of using a watch with that belt ring.
B003BNY8VK Great watch Looked all over for a watch that looked good but also assisted in coaching.  This watch not only looks good but has held up well.  Not a bad price either.
B003BNY8VK Light, comfortable, Readable and functional Puma shift does what you want in a sports watch.  Chronograph with a countdown feature up to 23:59 minutes. It is light and comfortable with numbers you can read at a glance and with a backlight for night.  Highly recommend this watch
B003BNY8VU To ridgid My wrist is NOT round. My wrist is a slinder oval. The watch band is so ridgid, it will not conform to the shape of my wrist. My circulation keeps getting cut off. Threw this thing away. Useless!
B003BNY8VU Off white The watch face is white but the straps are cream/beige. Very disappointing. However, it shipped on time and was easy to set.
B003BNY8VU puma watch women I love this watch is not to big and it has a very nice texture and I tested and is true that is water proof I recommend this seller
B003BNY8W4 Attractive and practical watch Appearance I give it 8/10, this is what appealed to me, since I wear a uniform that is quite dark it blends in nicely, but the flash of pink keeps it from looking like a man's watch. I like how the numbers are muted, can make it a bit difficult to read in dimmer lighting, but overall I like this effect.Comfort- I give it about 6/10- I don't have petite bone structure so wish the strap was just a touch longer, and where the buckle lands on my wrist can be uncomfortable when doing computer work/keyboarding. I removed the square strap holder piece as I found it particularly bulky.Function-5/10 the buttons are really stiff, requires moderate pressure to make light to come on.  If your hand strength and dexterity are not the greatest you will likely find this a frustrating watch.  I found the instruction manual online and was easy to follow for resetting time.Overall as a work watch I really like this watch, again goes well with a dark uniform and has that slight feminine touch.
B003BNY8W4 beautiful this watch looks beautiful in person, it has a nice feel to it and it pops out as something of quality. very nice
B003BNY8W4 sale price poor quality watch but I did get it on sale. The light is not bright at all. cute watch though.
B003BNY8W4 Sport watch Well the item is ok but its a little hard to read since the numbers at dial are faded in pink color so you get distracted while jogging or running trying to read the numbers.
B003BNY8W4 Greatwatch. And very stylish as well Great watch. And very stylish as well.
B003BNY8W4 No instructions This is a beauty watch but it is only useful if you are at the US and you have no plans to move or travel overseas. Indeed, if you are planning to travel do not take it with you since it is impossible to set it a new time. So, you only can know the time puma set.Also this product comes without instructions or user's manual so, you have to guess how to use all its functions. Until now I haven't figured out how to set time.I wrote an e-mail to puma asking for an instruction manual or something and never received feedback, so I have no intentions to buy a puma watch again.
B003BNY8ZQ awesome-ness Gorgeous watch! I wear this watch everywhere I go! Work, gym, track, school, swimming!!!! Even after dropping the watch on wood & tile...still looks perfect and can take a beating! Totally considering ordering another one. Best watch I have ever had!!
B003BNY8ZQ Very nice it is a very nice watch, with a lot of style, and comfortable. My girlfriend just loved it and wears it all the time.
B003BNY8ZQ Awesome watch Really beautiful watch. I have very small wrist , the head covers my wrist ,still it looks good. Got many compliments .
B003BNY8ZQ Classy Puma Watch. This watch is gorgeous! It has 6 little diamonds on the face and the Puma cat is sparkly which makes this watch very chic for A sporty watch. I wanted something sporty looking with a girly twist and you get just that with this watch. If you are a small petite lady like myself it is a bit clunky around the wrist, but the watch will definitely stand out around your beautiful tiny wrist.I just love the chrome/metal on this watch it has not scratched at all it's smooth and the time is easily read with no problem. I work at a camera store in between the photo lab and sales floor and it's a beautiful watch to show off when I'm working alot with hands on products and printing photos.This will make a great gift for that special some one.
B003BNY8ZQ Very bulky and large watch face I loved the look of this watch in the pictures but it turned out to be quite large and bulky and I sent it back.
B003BNY8ZQ Sporty but nice I was looking for a nice/sporty watch to wear at work, and this was definitely it!  Great size if you're looking for a bit of a &#34;bigger&#34; watch too.
B003BNY8ZQ Didn't like... I'm a g-shock kind of girl and was looking for another sports-inspired watch so I thought I would give this watch a try.  Unfortunately it looks cheap and didn't fit great so I returned it.
B003BNY8ZQ Love it I really love this watch , it looks so good on arm and others love it as well, thanks , love it
B003BNY8ZQ It was great! I really liked this watch...wore it very often. The band on the watch recently ripped in half. If it was on here, I would still get another.
B003BNY8ZQ Awesome Watch!! Simply beautiful. I love it. You really will be impressed with the high quality, the details and the beautiful that is this watch. I've highly recommend it to you. My wife is really happy with this.Thanks to the supplier also for the quick shipment and support. You are the best.
B003BNY8ZQ not just a sports watch I love watches and I have quite a few.  This one was going to be my &#34;cheap watch&#34;... it is so much more.  It looks great with just about anything I wear to work or for play.  I love the large size and unique shape -- it reminds me of the old Hamilton watches but so now.  I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone who likes an oversized watch.  It's not for the timid.
B003BNY8ZQ My new Puma watch Is better than I expected. I'm delighted with it. It is sofisticated and casual, I can use it at every moment.I will recommend Puma watches.
B003BNY8ZQ Unique design I like the unique design of this watch face and the ease of reading the dial while on a run.  It is quite large but still doesn't look too bulky, even if your wrists are on the smaller size.  The watch band is comfortable and you don't have to worry about it since it is made of rubber.  It's the perfect sport watch with style.
B003BNY95A Good watch First of all good price. Second nice design. The band may look a bit low quality, but that's okay wouldn't draw too much attention to your watch anyway.
B003BNY95A Nice Little Watch I just recieved  and like it a lot the white background with metal numbres looks nice, easy to read and casual.  The price is excelent.
B003BNY95A Great Watch,one of the best that Amazon offers I recommend this watch. Lightweight, nice strap, does not cling to one's hand. With a white dial and a Puma at the center, the watch is very stylish. It is a 3 hand watch and keeps time accurately.It is from Puma Motorsport and is well designed.
B003BNY95A Excelent and nice watch Good and simple watch, ideal for use everyday for work, touch has class and refine and simple and very strong, good look and size too, not too small and not too big, good and excelente watch for early use
B003BNY95A Good for the price. Pros:Keeps time accurately.I'm a fan of glow in the dark hands, so that's cool.I also like that it keeps the date.The second hand is great for rest times at the gym.It's got a whole bunch of adjustment holes. That said, there are only four bigger holes than the one I use, and I don't consider my wrists large by any means. Keep that in mind.Large face makes it easy to read at a glance.Waterproof. (Haven't actually tested this, but the description says it is)Cons:The band is cheap looking.The overall style isn't great, I don't expect to receive compliments about how nice this looks.If you are doing a lot of physical work I find the oversize adjustment knob (? I'm sure their is a real watch term for that, I'm just not a watch guy?) anyways, it can get annoying as it continually rubs my wrist.Overall: It's not big on comfort or style imo. When I first put it on I thought the oversized white dial looked a lot like the gauge you wear when sky diving. But, it currently sells for 25 bucks, so if you like Puma gear and you don't have huge wrists, go ahead and try one yourself.
B003BNY95U ok Is not a &#34;wow&#34; watch. It looks better in the pic's. But for the paid price is a good deal
B003BNY95U excellent! I bought this watch as a gift to a friendBut definitly I will buy one for me.I really like it.
B003BNY95U jesus navarro the watch is very nice needs were satisfied that he had the time of purchase right for certain occasion.excellent article, I got just what I expected, thanks
B003BNY95U Puma Women's PU910672001 Slick 3 hand date black watch It is a very nice watch. but the screen is not scratch proof. After wearing a few days, scratch started to surface on the screen :(
B003BNY95U Beatiful Watch The product is great, Supposed to be to my wife but my daughter was crazy for it. I will have to buy another one. It Arrived in perfect condition and honest seller. I am very satisfied...Recommend!!
B003BNY95U I made a mistake ! The watch is very nice, but it was my fault I did not realize that it is not for swiming. Now I have the perfect razon to buy another one !!!
B003BNY95U Beware No light I love watches i buy them all the time. I was looking for a nice black watch to go with my uniform and i  love puma i saw this watch and i was SO happy when i saw it. I received it. and realized INSTANTLY it has no light. No glowing hands nothing. SO at night beware you wont know what time it is. Other than that. Its a great watch
B003BNY95U NOT SO BEAUTIFUL , BUT GOOD NOT SO BEAUTIFUL, BUT VERY GOOD WATCH... CAUSE ITS CHEAP.I RECOMMEND IF YOU WANT A SIMPLE WATCH IN A GOOD PRICE
B003BNY96E Sporty-casual Got a lot of compliments on this watch with a cheap price and good brand, I would recommend it to anyone!
B003BNY96E Great Watch! I'm Happy with it excellent watch, all my friends love my new watch. It is easy to operate it you just have to read instructions.
B003BNY96E Beautiful watch for a beautiful teen Bought it as a birthday gift for my 13 year old and she loves it so much. She does not go anywhere without it. white goes with anything. Nice watch.
B003BNY96E I love this watch! Have you ever undergone some adventures and resisted all. Was made ''of a material that favor, the rubber does not dirty. Besides everything is beautiful, I have received many compliments.
B003BNY96E Puma Ladies watch PU910672002 Lovely item, would suggest to all the ladies, reasonably priced and attractive look.Arrived intact.Good working condition.
B003BNY96E No complaints Came in excellent, brand new condition. Was easy to assemble. All packaging and warranty slip included.I would recommend this watch to anyone who wants a sporty but classy looking white watch.The rose-gold features are my favourite on this watch
B003DTSPHA A BIG dIssaPointmeNt Very nice looking watch most of all fits perfect lot of compliments on it it would be better if it the watch actually worked i have to hit it or shake it to make it function i sent it back no water resistant in other words another cheap chinese made watch
B003DTSPHA Puma  Wrist watch Puma SchmumaPoor to Mediocre. Not water resistant.Seems slick, but not worth a &#34;tick.&#34;Not worth the buy with shipping & handling, etc.
B003DTSPHA Just Sporting Great looking watch. Exactly what i expected. Perfect size and feels great on my arm. i wear it to play and to work. It truly fits in many environments.
B003DTSPHA Can't Go Wrong with Puma I have a growing collection of watches and am always looking for different. This is a gem of a watch! If your looking for a watch that looks like a MAN'S watch and is eye catching in it's design, buy this watch! Check out all the designs Puma offers, you won't be disappointed.
B003DTSPHA Wow Bought it for myself  looks and fit just nice..I like it .And good looking watch too....the price reasonable it worth to buy .....
B003DTSPHA Awesome This watch is awesome... but a little big...This is a good choice to use at parties and everything else...
B003DTSPHA I like it, a lot!!!!!! Great watch, nice materials and presentation, to be an informal watch its nice to look at it. I like a lot!!! My new favorite one. Recommend it.
B003DTSPHA Love the white Dial and its shape I wanted a watch that i could wear to the Gym on a daily basis and this watch i feel is a very good product for the Gym. The design is very nice, but the strap pin seems like a cheap quality product, but I think I've got over it now. Overall a very good product and i am happy with my buy
B003DTV4P0 Very durable watch for a nurse! I bought this watch 5 years ago and still have it and wear it today. It is a white leather band so it cleans easily and is very durable. The face of the watch also seems to be a good quality glass as there aren't a lot of scratches on it. I am a nurse and this watch has gotten wet with multiple handwashings and it seems to be waterproofed well. The watch doesnt look much different than it did 5 years ago and i wear it often! I would buy again!
B003DTV4P0 Minute pointer dont work I bought this watch, and receive a wacth with a minute pointer that doesn't works.Next time I'll buy a nike watch.
B003DTV4P0 Excellent I really like this watch. It's simple but looks really good. Besides, I like the numbers to be in purple, it looks so good.
B003DTVEFK Short facts of this device I saw this watch at my local watch-dealer and had to buy it - love at the first glance :-)The LCD Display seems to show yellow digits, but using the electric backlight, you see a shiny green display, maybe there is a filter laid over normal coloured LCD digits, pretending yellow digitsWrist band made of soft plastic material, fits very good* it looks stylish, sporty,* usefull functions as mentioned below:1. Time is shown ashour:minutes: seconds AND Day of the week and date(mind: all pictures in the net show "month:year" - my item - bought in Austria - shows the above version,2. two time zones (T1 and T2)3. two alarms4. chime (= one beep per hour)5. countdown for maximum 23 hours 59 min and 59 secs6. stop watch with 9 split times (can be recalled time by time),counting up to 23 hours, 59 min 59 secs and 99 1/100 secs6. electric backlight7. as a gimmick:  up and down running yellow blocks which seem to extend the yellow line running round the wrist band at the displayContra:Hard to read negative LCD display, you can see it perfect at normal sunlight or good artificial light, butat poor light, you must use the electric backlightNevertheless: I like it!
B003DTVEFK Awesome watch Its a very cool watch. I work as a personal trainer and always get compliment about the watch. I wish it had heart rate monitor though
B003DTVEFK Great looking watch The watch looks really cool. I use it to go to the gym and fits my need perfectly.Pros:- Cool looks- Love the yellow boxes going across the vertical- Lightweight- ThinCons:- band is a little thick, which could make it a little uncomfortable (not to bad).- Numbers are a little dimmer than I would have expected, having to make an effort to look at them.- The button's are not labeled on the phone, so you need to memorize each function from the manual (also you can figure it out by trial and error I guess).Overall I would recommend this product to others as I would buy it again if I had to.
B003DTVEFK Perfect gift! I bought this watch as a birthday present for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it! he's been having it for about 4 months now and it still works and looks like new.
B003DTVEFK Just awesome What else can you say about anything from PUMA. The watch is just great. The price was awesome and just looks stellar on the wrist.
B003DTVEFK Good sports watch ! Impressed with the dial and this watch is very light, so a perfect sports watch. But the belt seems to be made up of low quality material. So I am going with 4/5 stars.
B003DTVEFK Better than I expected! I read the mediocre reviews, but decided to order it anyway because of the price. I love the way it looks, and it feels like a quality watch. The screen is a bit dark, but not bad. The controls are different from previous casio or timex watches, but still intuitive. ( I did spend a few minutes looking over the instructions first. )
B003DTZ62W Little problem The watch it's pretty, but the watch it wasnt working, i had to switch the battery and the watch works again.
B003DTZ62W Love this watch I got this one for my girlfriend as a gift, and she loves it, it actually looks really good, and the price is really fair, the box is very good looking.I recomend this one.
B003DTZ8XO Unique style, good, but not great functionality This is a really big watch, larger than I anticipated, which I don't mind, but be aware.  I wanted something a little different for ~$100 w/ chronograph and this fits the bill.Pros:- Band is very nice, no break in time like with leather, very flexible and comfortable, it is pretty thick, really like the red stitching on it.  Part of the reason I bought this was for plasticy-fake leather band material, looks like leather at first glance, and feels like it too.- Clasp on band is excellent, keeps the excess from floating around and snagging on things, one of my big pet peeves with a more expensive watch I have that only has cheap little rings to hold the band in place.- Accurate time - it's lost maybe a second or two over the 3 weeks I've owned it, seems at least as good as the other watches I have in this price range and some of the more expensive ones- Easy to read face/hands line up fairly precisely - I hate cheaper fossil type watches where the second hand stops in between the second markers, this watches second hand (the big red one, not the smaller dials) lines up really close for all seconds, never have trouble telling which one it's on.- Style - just looks cool.  The face looks kind of busy at first glance, but it's easy to tell the time right away.  Good variety of colors.  Puma seems to have taken care of a lot of the little details I don't see on other watches - their logo placed attractively in a few spots (metal square on band, watch dial, below 12 on watch face, logo on band clasp), making a bland clasp mechanism that actually holds the excess band in place, all the extra holes in the first few inches of the band on both sides.  Not a cheap looking watch.  The crystal is very good.Cons:Mainly just the chronograph functionality.  The small dial on the left is for minutes and it has 60 mins crammed on it, which makes it almost impossible to tell exactly what minute it's own, more like you get a general feel (5 or 15 mins, etc.) unless you get a magnifying glass out.  It only has 20, 40, 60 mins marked, otherwise it's just a line. Dial for seconds is a little better since it goes in increments of 10, but again hard to tell exactly.  The 3rd small dial on the right just shows the hour of the day, 1-24, which I find mostly useless.  I have another chronograph from ESQ ([...]) that has an AWESOME chronograph, and this one doesn't hold a candle to it.  If I could put that chrono on this watch, it'd be perfect.  And I've found that I prefer the bigger second hand be for the chrono (like the ESQ has) since it's easier to read, and when you're timing something I want that precision, I'm not interested in having the bigger one move just for looks sake.
B003DTZA6Y Wife was happy The watch is nice and it is very stylish. My wife was pretty happy with it. The small dials are nearly impossible to read. The numbers on the date are very small and skip days with dots.Either way, it is a nice watch. My bride loves red and black.
B003DTZA6Y Love this watch! Puma makes great stuff and I love this watch! Great fit and very durable. Really cute colors and good quality.
B003DTZI7A Not a survivor Plastic casing started pulling away from metal watch and band became discolored within less than 30 days of wear. The "light" button (so you can see the time in the dark) works intermittently at best. Looks great amd relatively easy to use, but didn't survive past the first month. Might be OK if you are just planning on wearing it as a fashion piece, but doesn't stand up to the things you buy a digital watch for in the first place.
B003DTZI7A What makes it special? the puma symbol. Nice watch. Lacks flexibility because of the firmness of the band. The face is dark and not easy to read unless you have enough light and are looking straight on. Its dark font on a dark background, like the picture shows. But it works nice. Nothing too fancy.
B003DTZI7A It's just okay I like the looks of the watch and it's durable and easy to use. However, when it came, it was not as bright white as the picture. Also, and most importantly, the material the band is made of is almost like rubber, and it picks up dirt which you cannot get clean. Within wearing the watch for a month, it got so dark and dingy lookinf, that I couldn't wear it in public anymore.
B003DTZICA Used for 3 months and looks horrible I bought this watch because it look really nice, and it did, but only for a couple of months. With 3 months of normal use (wearing it every day), it got decolorated. The wristband got light pink, eaven light orange. Beside that, the bristband got sarated itself from the rounded watch box, so a lot of dirt got inside. Now, I can't use it any more, it looks dirty and old.
B003DTZICA Cute, but a lot of money for "cute" Not all that great for the money. Nice shape, but not a wonderful watch. The buttons are really sensitive and just not placed very well. I feel like every time i move my sleve to check the time I switch the mode.
B003DTZIGQ A fine timepiece Ok, so it is not a high tech tool box of altimeters , barometers etc. Really, it is a simple good looking capable watch that does well as a personal timepiece. Be careful with being too bold with taking it swimming/shower with you , as it is only water resistent for a splash or two at the sink. Overall, an easy to use low key in a stylish way time piece that I am happy to wear everyday.
B003DTZIGQ I like it It is a wonderfull watch, the only problem is that also during the day, you can have problem to read the time. But i think that a watch all black is beatifull.
B003DTZJBK Durable I love this watch! Very durable, very cute, easy to operate. The band is pretty stiff and stuck in like a round position which sometimes makes it slip when putting it on but that's a very minimal problem. Also, sometimes the side buttons will randomly get pushed and take the face to a different screen causing momentary confusion when you glance down but that's a rarity and also a very small problem. Overall, I would recommend this watch 100%.
B003DU23C2 Unworking Watch Unfortunately when I received this watch it was working enough to show the time so I decided who cared about few numbers that don't show up fully, but now two months later the night light no longer works, and none of the other settings will light up. This wouldn't be such a big deal if it weren't for Daylight Savings Time, b/c even if I wanted to change the time none of the other settings light up so I can see what I am doing. I will not be buying this watch again, I am sadly disappointed and now my return policy is expired!
B003DU23C2 Puma PU920452001 I ordered this through Amazon. I love the watch. its simple and easy to operate. Good buy for that price. Also I must mentioned that i was facinated by the service. I recieved the watch within 5 working days even during the Xmas season. (US to Australia). Thanks.
B003DU23C2 needed a waterproof watch! I wear this watch to work alot because I needed something durable and waterproof and it has done the job for me and I'm pleased with my purchase!
B003DU23C2 Stopped Working! This watch stopped working about two months after I got it. Same issue as the previous reviewer, the display became unreadable.  And it worked just long enough so I couldn't return it!!!
B003DWIV4Y good purchase this is a good watch. I bought it for my wife and she liked it as much as I did.
B003PNUBZ8 &#25105;&#26469;&#33258;&#20013;&#22269;&#65292;&#25105;&#24456;&#21916;&#27426;&#30528;&#22359;&#25163;&#34920;&#22114;&#65281;I come from China, I like this watch. &#25163;&#34920;&#24456;&#19981;&#38169;&#65292;&#23601;&#26159;&#31186;&#38024;&#21644;&#34920;&#30424;&#19978;&#30340;&#21051;&#24230;&#19981;&#33021;&#20934;&#30830;&#30340;&#23545;&#20301;&#12290;&#26377;&#36739;&#22823;&#30340;&#20559;&#24046;&#65292;&#20854;&#20182;&#30340;&#37117;&#24456;&#22909;.The watch is very good, and the second hand on the dial scale is not accurate alignment. A large deviation, others are very good.
B003V70CAC Puma Mens ACTIV Watch Not my favorite watch. The dial is too small. The way the strap is made makes the dial almost blend into the thin width. I use my gshock almost every day...but only only probably wear this on long runs. The black numbers on the red dial also makes it difficult to read. The backlight is rediculous. Only positive is its weight.
B003V72ZXO What can I say?  I like it a lot. I wasn't expecting this watch to be so massive, but good thing, because I was looking for a big watch.  It has a very good weight, is about 2 inches in diameter, and looks really good.  If you're looking for a super expensive look, while getting a great reliable brand, with a great quality watch, this is the watch for you.  Beware... you might get some mighty biceps on the arm you are wearing it on...
B003VQQXNS unconvincing materials very nice watch, but the cheap plastic strap is easy to break and scratch is a watch only for particular use for rides or simply can not be used for heavy tasks or to labor every day, I'm happy for the price you can not ask although more can improve belt material.
B003VQQXQK cool... so happy to have this watch... just arrived on time as expected... the size was just perfect for me...have worn it and got plenty compliments ..so awesome!!!
B003VQQXW4 great watch its a great watch, such a low price on a quality watch,its better than my adidas watch and the puma watch was fifty dollers less
B003VQQXYM Cool Watch. Cool watch. Worked fine for a while but it broke before too long. Can't complain much as I am not easy on watches.
B003XTXX1S Elegant and modern watch, simple but fashionable. A clock is recommended for people with style, can be used by men or women who have a taste for larger watches is a watch with high style, serious and elegant.
B003YMI4SG Nice Really beatiful and nice watch. I love the Puma ones but this one was a little expensive for the quality and functions.
B003YMI8KU Puma Bracelet watch I love Puma watches, I have 2.  Great style, easy to see dial and high quality.Down side for bracelet watches: This will apply to women who have small wrist.  You will need have some links taken out.  In my case 3 maybe 4 for balance.Its worth it for the quality & style.  I do reconmmend this watch.
B003ZYVZNO Watch review Very good watch and also cheap. The style is what called my attention the most. The only thing I would change about it is the fact you cannot go swimming  with the watch.
B003ZYVZNO Nice watch Good looking, okay features for a USD 20.00 watch. It just feels a little too cheap, but it is very nice anyway. Let's see how long it will stay nice!
B003ZYVZNO The screen Horrible quality watch, of course amazon only puts up the good reviews. The screen already fogged up and makes the watch harder to see. Durability of the watch was garbage, and it resides in the garbage can where puma watches are meant to be.
B003ZYVZNO puma watch Very simple stop watch, large display and a nice look. i have no issues with the watch. if you have a large wrist i recommend the watch, if you have a small wrist it may look a bit big. the light works well in the dark. you will not notice the light during the day. hope this helps
B003ZYVZNO Colors is the background on the black and red slide watch more of a dark orange or is it actually red? In the picture it looks more orange to me, but I was just wondering if that's the actual color or just how the photo makes it look.Thanks
B003ZYVZNO Smart looking and inexpensive The watch is attractive, large (typically unisex) and easy to read.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  It is exactly what I  wanted.
B003ZYVZNO Great !!!! Best simple watch I have owned. The only down side is that is not water resistant, simple to use and comfortable.
B003ZYVZNO Great Watch for Working Out This product is exactly what I wanted for working out and timing my sets.  I wish the band was at least an inch longer.  I do not think my wrists are that big, but I am linking it in on the second to last hole.  Also,  the light only works in complete darkness.  This is not an issue since I am using it at the gym.  Overall, I would recommend this watch.
B003ZYVZNO great bought it as a gift for a friend, was perfect for soccer. will recommend this to anyone searching for a sports watch
B003ZYVZNO GREAT WATCH VERY GOOD STYLE,  I AND MY BROTHER USE THIS WATCH. I LIKE USE ALL DAYS THIS WATHC I RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS ITEM, GREAT PRICE. IM HAPPY WITH THIS WATCH
B003ZYVZNO decent its a good looking watch, ive gotten a few compliments from itcons:ive only had this for 1 week and it has a small scratch across the screen alreadysometimes it feels uncomfortablethe light is not very bright during the day, during night it does help though, only stays on for like1 second thoughfor the price, i'd recommend this
B003ZYVZNO great watch Great style, but hard to set time and poor back light when you try to use it at night in the dark.
B003ZYVZNO Great sports watch for the money Does everything you could want out of a cheap sports watch.  Since it's square, you can wear this while lifting weight without having it dig into the back of your hand (although this could stop or start the stopwatch function - happened once out of 20 times).  The band had a raised bubble at the end that prevents the end from slides off the loops (it has two).If you are a recycler, you'll be a bit miffed that there is instructions for every language on the planet (or so it would seem).  I felt that this was a waste but probably due to Puma's worldwide market, it makes sense.The red color looks modern and somewhat techy so that's an added bonus.  It's not listed as greatly waterproof - okay to wash hands but not to shower?  Come on.  I did take it in the shower one day and it came out unscathed - your mileage may vary though.
B003ZYVZNO Great, simple sports watch I was looking for something inexpensive and simple to use as a sports watch and this was just the ticket.  Very simple to use (all of the functions, even setting the time, are very intuitive) and pretty stylish as well.
B003ZYVZNO Watch is just great I love this watch, it is versatile; can handle sun, sand, snow, and water.  Perfect for outdoor wear. Durable, tough, and easy on the eyes.
B003ZYW0CO The product looks good, if only I knew how to use it. It's a good-looking watch. No discoloration yet (after grueling sport wear and tear).No instructions came with the watch and it's not exactly straightforward to figure out. So in all it's useless to me right now.
B003ZYW0CO Good watch Very good and comfortable in my daily work/ workouts. I would recommend this watch for anyone with a active lifestyle. Looks good and easy to use.
B003ZYW0CO Good watch for good price Looks nice, fits nice. More stylish than a Timex. Recommend if your looking for a low cost sport watch. Has alarm and water proof.
B003ZYW0CO Mediocore watch with poor quality control While the design of the watch is appealing, the quality control is not that great. There is a visible dust particle in between screens, which is annoying.
B003ZYW0CO good cheap watch this was a nice simple watch for the price.  It is very easy to use.  My only problem with the watch is that it doesn't have a lap counter on the stop watch.
B003ZYW0CO Poorly made piece of junk I had been using a Timex Iron Man watch for at least 5 years, probably longer.  When it finally wore out, I decided to try something different.  I liked the looks of this Puma watch.  When I got the watch, It barely fit my wrist.  I have large bones, but have never had a watch that barely stretched to allow me to wear it.  As a result of the shorter strap, it always stuck out, because it couldn't reach to the piece of plastic that is supposed to hold it down when closed.  I am fairly sedentary.  I don't rock climb or skydive.  This cheap watch face got two big scratches across it within the first month that I owned it.  I should have returned it, because I could see that it was cheaply made and not at all worth the price, but I am busy and didn't take the time to do so.  Then I tried to use some of the functions.  It was way too difficult to figure out the date function, and I often found the date was wrong.  I am not a stupid person, and have never had trouble setting a watch or figuring out even the most complicated functions.  This watch is now too old to be returned and is sitting in a drawer where it will remain until I throw it away.  One other thing, the first time I wore it in the shower, the face fogged up.  I don't think I'll take it scuba diving!  Avoid this admittedly cool looking watch in favor of a good old Timex Iron Man, and you'll thank yourself for the next ten years or until you decide to get another one.  Puma - stick to tennis shoes.
B003ZYW0CO Puma watch Great watch that I wear constantly as a dress watch.  Very visible and setting times is very easy to do.
B003ZYW0CO love it ! I love my puma watch. I wear it when I go to the beach, play soccer and just run around. its great for when you are surfing or when your in water. it hasn't gotten water in it yet and I work it pretty hard. only drawback is it stains after getting it dirty and is hard to clean off...
B003ZYW0CO Awesome watch This is a beauty, its not too big or too small and it looks really beautiful. This is the third watch i bought from amazon and never had any problem with any of them.
B003ZYW0CO Horrible rubber band Very poor quality watch.  The rubber is very bad, worn out from the box.Dont recommend it at all.Would like to give it back
B003ZYW0CO low price + great design + great/simple functionality = this product This watch is simple, however allows for all of the complex functions of a normal watch. The directions are easy (and in every possible language you could imagine) and the color is stunning. Yes, the face of the watch is larger than most watches, but this isn't a dainty designer watch. This is a puma watch. I am elated with this product. Puma has my vote in shoes and now watches too!
B003ZYW0CO Great product This watch is very good to use daily and also for running, it's not too large and not too short. You can easily see the number and it has a several functions.
B003ZYW0CO Do not buy this watch! Do not buy this watch!! It's very cute at first, but within the first week mine started to get dirty. I had done nothing to make it dirty, but wear it in everyday life. I've tried everything to clean it, but nothing works. It now has a brownish tint to it. I would suggest getting this watch in a darker color.
B003ZYW0CO Not water resistant at all. After just a few months the watch began building up condensation completely fogging up the face of the watch. So much for water resistant. The face gets scratched up really easily as well.
B003ZYW0CO Great Watch Christmas present for my 13 yr old son.  He loves it so far.  Light weight sports watch.  wish he could wear it swimming but after I received it & read the manual...it was ok to get wet but recommended that it not be submerged in Water.  But besides that, it's still a winner.  He wears it everyday and is so comfortable, he sleeps in it on occasion.
B003ZYW0CO good watch and service I bought it for my nephew as a gift, and he is very happy with this watch. So I positively assess this item, and delivery of compliant the timing.
B003ZYW0CO Bad strap Great watch, but broke after one month. The metal band that connects the strap fell off after playing with my dog.
B003ZYW0CO Not bad, not great This watch isn't bad. I bought it under the &#34;unisex&#34; watch Amazon listing, thinking it would be small, but this is a typical sized men's watch (black). I just use it for swimming, so I wasn't going to send it back for that. Setting the time is a pain, because you can't adjust the time down, only up. It likes to beep alot when you press buttons. It's been satisfactorily waterproof in up to 5 feet. All said, a decent swimming watch for $25.
B003ZYW0CO Just what I was looking for Needed a waterproof digital chrono watch for swimming and running. This Puma is priced well and has all the features I need. Plus, I like the way it looks and wear this more than my dress watch now!
B003ZYW0CO great watch! was really comfortable I enjoyed this watch because of the way the design seems to flow. I purchased the watch for my EMT course and it seems to be doing its job
B003ZYW0CO Feel like i've gotten what i paid for,..a nice casual watch after reading the reviews and of course comparing prices, for a casual summer watch that i don't need any extra features on, this has been a nice watch.  i'm not running/swimming/working out with it.  Just wearing on a casual day to tell time, that's it, and i like it.
B003ZYW0CO Great watch. This is exactly the kind of thing I was looking for and the watch is in perfect condition. Thank you very much
B003ZYW0CO awful band I recently bought this watch in black. Its got a great face that is easy to read. The style is solid. However, the band is a very cheap plastic. Honestly, I don't even know if you can change the band. I am selling mine. I want a comfortable watch. I told myself not to go Timex for the 15th time but when you want comfort and quality, you don't go for PUMA.
B003ZYW0CO nice watch I gave this watch as a gift this christmas to a family member and he was very pleased. It is a very nice looking sports watch and among a couple of other features can tell the time in two time zones. Which he loved because he can tell the time in the east coast, where he just moved from and the west coast where he lives now.
B003ZYW0CO I want it quiet. I wasn't able to make the watch silent. I don't want to hear a beep every time I hit the mode button. If there is a silent mode it's not in the instructions. Other than that I love the watch.
B003ZYW0CO not white for very long... This is a comfortable and nice sized watch for me.  It's about the same size as my titanium watch, but much lighter and less prone to scratch on my computer while I'm at work.  The downside of the watch is that it discolors rather quickly.  I've had it for about a month and wear it about 50% of the time and it's turning a greyish color around the face of the watch and on the band near the clasp.  It's not dirt and it won't wash off, it's just discoloring.  It's an inexpensive watch, so not a huge loss, but don't expect this to be a crisp white watch for very long.
B003ZYW0CO Puma digital watch It has a nice look It has all what I need from digitalwatch, it was easy to use I really liked it
B003ZYW0CO A tish in the big side. I really like this watch, but its pretty big. The dimensions were posted so I should have known, but in the end its a little bulky. I am however, keeping it, wearing it and getting used to it. :) Its still functional and cute, just a bit manly.
B003ZYW0CO Attention! Nice watch, good quality but partly is not as described. Here you can see that it is 165 feet water resistant and is suitable for swimming. But it is said 5 bar water resistant on the back side of the watch and according to mannual it is not suitable for swimming. Consider this when buying. I am going to return it.
B003ZYW0CO Cheap, nice looking, easily scratched. I bought this to hold me over between watches. For the money, it's a great watch. Easy to read, nice looking, nice feeling - comes off as more expensive than it is. Big down side? The glass on it incredibly easily scratched. I know, I know, you get what you pay for - but I wish this watch held up better, because I do really like it.
B003ZYW0CO Great watch Great service Five Star all the way!Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol!
B003ZYW0CO Great Watch! There were no black in the female watches so I got this one. I was worried it would be too big, but it fits fine! It is quite a bit larger than the women's watch, but I like the larger watch face.
B003ZYW0CO Thought it was bigger I thought it was bigger.  Beside this, nice watch to sport with.  I will start my collection buying other colors
B003ZYW0CO Nice sunglasses for sport Very practical, good visor, big numbers, just what I needed to use in my runs! I recommend for the ones that don't want to spend a lot of $ for a descent watch.
B003ZYW0CO PUMA unisex watch Easy to operate and it's not a Timex! I like the material, it's easy to clean. Like the color too!
B003ZYW0CO Good Watch for the Price I have only had this watch for a couple of weeks, but I am very happy with the purchase.  The styling is attractive, the display is easy to read, and the watch is easy to operate.  The watch and band are a rubbery plastic that is functional and reasonably attractive.  I wanted an inexpensive, functional watch that would be suitable for every day use.  This watch seems to satisfy those requirements very well.
B003ZYW0CO Excellent watch! My husband is a nurse and washes his hands constantly. This watch looks great and is very durable. Great find.
B003ZYW0CO Discolors Watch started turning grey.  I wash my hands often and wear long sleeves at work, often dark colors, and the plastic is now discolored.  Otherwise it was a great buy!
B003ZYW0CO Great and Simple Watch I've had this watch for 2 years. Its simple and convenient. I hate watches and have never worn them religiously until this one. Great BUY!!!
B003ZYW0CO PUMA rules! great watch to have.  awesome price point and I would reccomend to other whom need a standard digital watch on their wrist
B003ZYW0CO Nice watch Everything I was promised, I am already putting it to good use.  I recommend this product.  It is really nice for running.
B003ZYW0CO Big enough to read the time.  A light for the time when it is dark! I love the watch.  I set it without reading the directions.  I call that user friendly.  Like Steve Jobs', iPhone and IPad.  And it is pretty.
B003ZYW0CO Nice, but beware of "water resistant" Nice styled sports watch. Simple design, generally looks great. My only gripe is that it is a water resistant rating of "5" which according to the little guide that came with it suggests a "5" should only be used in light rain showers, hand washing, etc. Do not shower, bath, or submerge this watch. Considering most "water resistant" watches on the market are resistant in terms of meters of depth under water this seems a little absurd. So beware if you are planning on doing anything with this watch besides strolls on a sunny day!
B003ZYW0CO Great Watch This is my work/sports watch. Fits well. Wish the band was a tad more flexible but overall, great watch and great purchase.
B003ZYW0CO Love this watch I got this for my 10-year old son who loves puma and golfer rickie fowler. It looks very cool on him and would look good on a girl as well. Held up nicely so far. Nothing I would change about this watch
B003ZYW0CO Puma Watch Like the watch but it was a little larger then I would have prefered.Easy to set up and use.
B003ZYW0CO Nice watch -- discoloration & NOT waterproof Really loved this watch when I first got it.  Looks very nice and is easy to to use.  I ended up returning it for two reasons.  First, I needed a sport watch for swimming and the Amazon website shows that it's rated to 165 feet, suitable for general water recreation.  However per the product manual and a rep from the PUMA store, the watch is only water resistant for casual water, e.g. splashes, perspiration, light rain etc.  Second, the watch started discoloring pretty quickly...like within a month from purchase.  It started to get kind of a yellowish tint to it.  I would not recommend purchasing this watch.
B003ZYW0CO value for money good watch, clear digits, big enough dial with decent features and matches my requirements of alarm, stop watch and timer
B003ZYW0CO opinion Nice watch , great quality and something important, the battery is full charged ,you have not to buy a battery the next month
B003ZYW0CO Pretty cute Well, I got this watch in the mail today. I like the style and the way it looks, but even for it to be a unisex watch it is really big on my wrist. I am a bigger woman, so to say it is big on my wrist, I would suggest any women with petite wrists to not get this watch.
B003ZYW0CO YELLOW!! When i opened my package, i was horrified to find that my WHITE watch was YELLOW. it's disgusting, I refuse to wear it out. What a waste of money!
B003ZYW0CO Nice Watch, but scratches easily. I used this watch for a month or so, then noticed how easily it got scratched. Just bumping it seemed to scratch it, and couldn't tell time from all the scratches.
B003ZYW0CO Good Watch I thought the watch wound have a bigger face, but all in all, it works great. For a gym knock around watch, I can't complain.
B003ZYW0CO Great watch!!!! I love this watch!! the alarms, the color, the light, the big numbers!! it's really nice and it matches all of my outfits!! it's great!!
B003ZYW0CO SUPER ,SUPER  BIG WATCH for me is a SUPER,  super watch  .  I like  BIG  and SPORT  watch  ,  any time  ,any where I can see the time , no  problem  I don't need a glasses  , the time you can see from a distance  because is BIG.  And the most  I like the puma- cat  on the top of  watch  . they come in different colors  but  I like white because it goes with everything  .  I will recommend  for people  who  like big watches and have problems with eyes vision
B003ZYW0CO Great simple watch Got if for a gift for my BF. He needed a simple watch for work nothing fancy. The band seems pretty good and durable also.
B003ZYW0CO Fantastic customer service I bought this watch for my boyfriend whilst I was visting the states. It arrived in its impeccable packaging and everything looked awesome. I left it neatly packaged so that he could experience the full product as well. When I got home we discovered that the watch was dead - no life in the battery at all. After contacting the seller and their very helpful client services department, I was advised to check and replace the battery as sometimes air travel fries the battery with the x-rays things go through. For my troubles, I was awarded a refund on a portion of my purchase - to cover the battery.Battery has since been replaced and the watch is a hit!
B003ZYW0CO great watch I love the watch keeps great time and looks good. I like how it can switch to military time and how it has the day, date, seconds and a light for in the dark. I wear the watch in the shower with no problems, they just recommend not using the buttons in the water.  The size of the watch is perfect, not too small and not too large, so that it looks good on a women, but a man would still be able to wear it without question. The only thing about buying a white watch is that it does get discolored and will not completely come off even with alcohol wipes, but I would still definitely recommend buying this watch, especially for such a reasonable price.
B003ZYW0CO High quality watch This PUMA watch is high quality, yet really hip and sporty!  Really like it.  Great value for the money, especially compared to what PUMA's website is selling their watches for right now.  Highly recommend!
B003ZYW0CO puma watch worked perfectly , very nice wrapped and presented by the manfactuer , i highly recoomend it for any one looking for a sports watch
B003ZYW0CO Satisfactory I enjoy the watch very much. I like the color and the features it has. I wish that it was more water proof, but it will do.
B003ZYW0CO Watch out battery This watch I get no battery and I can not get it.I could help where to buy or what to do?
B003ZYW0CO Good product The watch is just like it looks on the picture. It is a good purchase. It definitively look goods  and serves it purpose.
B003ZYW0CO I like... but you better get it in black I am pleased with my purchase. When my watch first arrived I had to send it back because the backlight was not working at all. I did received the replacement the next day in perfect condition which made me very happy. Its a good casual/gym watch. I like the features and I pretty much love everything from PUMA. The white is more like an off white and I can see this watching getting dirty quick. Ive only warn it about 4 days and it shows. I dont think its as bad as some of the other reviews say but maybe after a month ill be singing a different tune. For right now I think its a very nice sporty watch and I recommand it.
B003ZYW0CO Discolors quickly This watch is very durable and stylish but turns an off white color too quickly. I have had to buy 3 of the same watch in about a year's time. If you really like the style it is worth it at the low price but be prepared to replace them frequently.
B003ZYW0CO Amazing watch This watch is fashionable with modern design. Superior quality. I choose this to buy since it is sleek with high appealing color and a brand. I highly recommend this watch. Supersoft silicone construction looks great. A seamless look and feel. Water resistant.
B003ZYW0CO Grey puma watch I definitely like the styling of this watch and may even buy another when the time comes. I bought this 6 months ago and it has held up pretty well (I'm rough on stuff). I've seen a little discoloration on the band (avoid a lighter color than this) and some light scratches on the face, but otherwise no complaints. It is a good watch for the money. I bought it to replace my Nike Oregon Super Watch, which is no longer made. The Nike watch (contrary to some Nike products that I've owned) was extremely durable and held up through some real abuse for 3+ years. It was also about twice as much as the Puma, and I liked it a little more, but you get what you pay for. If you are looking for an everyday watch and put it through normal use, this is a great one. If you are looking for something really tough, look at a g shock or something along those lines. Overall, I'm happy with this watch.
B003ZYW0CO Perfect Everything i needed! I'm a nurse and needed a durable watch for work. I love how it has a large face with military time and date. It is also waterproof, so great for all the times I wash my hands. I wish the screen lit up, but other than that, it's perfect!
B003ZYW0CO Lightweight, comfortable and sporty I must confess that most of PUMA products I like it. This watch is no exception. The price is reasonable, do not hesitate to buy it
B003ZYW0CO Stellar Watch I love this watch so much and wear it everyday. It came right on time in great condition. The price is right and the quality of the materials is great! I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves sports watches.
B003ZYW0CO Beeeautiful! Love the PUMA digital wrist watch.  Looks super GREAT!  Light in weight and has many functions.  It comes in many beautiful and vibrant colors.
B003ZYW0CO Great Gift for PE Teacher My boyfriend is a PE teacher and was looking for a watch/stop watch that was appropriate for work as well as wearing out. He loves this watch. It has the stop watch on it so he doesn't have to carry both. It looks great on him, not femine which I was a little worried about. He wears is daily and hasn't complained about any other the downfalls I read in other reviews!
B003ZYW0CO excelent 5 star because the service was amaizing and i really love the watch its a very good item to buy
B003ZYW0CO Very Happy My son was very happy with his watch, he's still wearing it months later. I plan to get him another one this coming Christmas.
B003ZYW0CO Snazzy I bought this watch for my dad for father's day, and he really likes it. He's a big fan of the large numbers, because he wears reading glasses. It's a nice looking watch too, not bulky and pretty flat, so it shouldn't get caught on your clothes and whatnot.
B003ZYW0CO Disappointing purchase I am disappointed with this purchase. I bought this as a gift for husband who is a running and swimming enthusiast. This watch is not waterproof. I have never heard of a sports watch that is not waterproof.
B003ZYW0CO Not worth the money at all- feels cheap I honestly would expect to find this watch at a dollar store, looks better in the pictures for sure. The strap material is sort of like a plastic rubber hybrid, not great. Not much else to say..
B003ZYW0CO Fantastic I have used a similar Nike sports watch for over 10 years but is no longer available. The band is much stiffer but is not uncomfortable, it is easy to learn and so far I think it is the best ever
B003ZYW0CO Decent watch from Puma here. I needed a easy to read LCD digital watch with larger numbers for when I am out running or walking without my eyeglasses on and these Puma watches met my requirements okay and the price was good too. Watch is fairly easy to set up...easy to see at night unless you use the back-light....which however is rather dim and only stays lit for maybe 3 or 4 seconds....which is no biggie for me. Watch looks good and is comfy. I gave this watch 4 of 5 stars because the day of the week or the month is not visible.....just the day of the month is visible. I would have to press another button to get that info I guess. Good thing I have a decent memory. This watch is also waterproof. Anyways, it's a decent basic LCD digital watch that basically is easy to read and keeps good time without costing too much. So, I gave this watch 4 of 5 stars.
B003ZYW0CO Awesome watch! This watch is awesome!  It's a blueish-teal color, even the face, which I think is beautiful.  I wore it in the ocean all last summer with no problems...still ticking!  Love it.
B003ZYW0CO Thought it was a women's watch Men's watch. way to big for me. Not what I imagined but would look good on a male  if he could pull off a white feminine watch like this
B003ZYW0CO Puma Watch Great watch! Many different options, easy to use, and very comfortable on your wrist. Date and time are displayed very well
B003ZYW0CO Works great, gets dirt easily This watch was intended for my wife as a gift. It was exactly what she was looking for in a digital watch. The functions are basic, the same in any other entry-level digital watch, but what she needed. The downside to this watch is the white rubber. Within only a few days it became scuffed, dirty and started to yellow and eventually blacken with use. I found that using Mr. Clean magic erasers took off the discoloration and returned the white color.
B003ZYW0CO Sleek and Comfortable Like some users have said, the loud beeps on this watch can get somewhat obnoxious. However, I bought this watch to tell the time and for the sleek, minimal look it has. Thankfully, it fulfills it's purpose there as I love the design and the watch is also very comfortable.
B003ZYW0CO Useful and Casual It looks nice, it's durable, and it has a great stopwatch with large number display. It is a simple and stylish sports watch that is well worth every penny. I coach high school athletics and help run a gym during the day, and I wear this watch during every hour of it. I wish it had a heart-rate monitor, but then it would also be $60+ more.
B003ZYW0CO fun for the price :) at first it seemed boring and the first thing that alarmed me was it looked like any generic watch  but when I started playing with it the watch became more interesting.....
B003ZYW0P6 Puma Men's Watch I like the color of this watch.  However, sometimes it takes a while to set time or any other feature .
B003ZYXUDW PUMA WATCH The watch works great but it apears to be designed for people with pretty narrow wrists. I have an average sized wrist and when I wear it there is not much band left over to tunk in to the little loops. So the end of the band just sticks out. If you have a narrow wrist this woulb be a much better watch.
B003ZYXUI2 Green sport watch I liked it, but is not what I thought it will be. As soon as you touch it gets dirty and it makes it look like a million years old.
B003ZYXUI2 What I expected. Bought It from Ewatches Seller.So far so good, great materials, nice color, the  strap is short size (my wrist is 20cm perimeter, so, someone with a oversize wrist will have problems with it). Backlight is kinda disappointment, but for 20 bucks this watch is paradise.Ewatches sent me the watch in just 2 days, when i ordered on standard 3-5 business days shipment, so, i recomend them a lot.***********Review Update 09/13/2013****************After very light use just for gym, i must say that the only drawback besides the backlit, is the Start/Stop buttom which is extremly sensitive and this is a problem when you are using the Chronograph.
B003ZYXUI2 Great watch! Hard to clean. I loved this watch. People noticed it in the street and asked where they could buy it, the watch was easy to use and had intuitive controls, the large typeface made it easy to read with just a quick glance.After a few months of almost daily wear, however, it was stained. Soap didn't clean it up, Clorox wipes didn't clean it up, peroxide didn't clean it up.It's a great watch, but for everyday wear, I suggest getting it in black.
B003ZYXUI2 Great watch for a good price I love this watch. Clear visible numbers, date and say of the week. The stopwatch function and lap timer work well and is great for workouts.Because of its color it got/gets dirty quickly and I haven't yet found an effective way to completely clean the watch band but apart from that this watch is a good buy and I'd definitely recommend it.
B003ZYXUNW My Purma watch The watch is really nice, the light is good, the letters are big so I don't need my glasses to see them. I needed it to tell how long my daughter's seizures last at nght. The only thing is the band is a little short, I like to wear my watches loose.
B003ZYXUNW Short Battery Life Battery died after less than a year. Overall my wife loved the watch and I was happy with it too. But that is not enough lifespan for a watch battery.
B003ZYXUNW A consideration to buy The watch looks awesome. I have a thin wrist (I can fit a 3rd buckle hole - (count from inside). It fits me really well.The only thing I have to say is it's hard to differentiate Tuesday and Thursday at a quick glance, since both of them is spelled with just a T. The way to tell them apart is where they located. Tue locate near top of Puma sign, while Thursday on bottom near the hour. The watch is not bad, but quite good; it looks quite trendy and sporty. Plus, the deep blue color really stands out if you like flashy colors.Overall, this is a good watch to buy, if you are debating what watches to choose. I did debate to buy this one as well, (what makes me buy this one is the length of the band (due to the fact that I have a really thin wrist). Plus, the square shape of the watch looks quite good on my thin wrist, since I never own one square-shaped watch before this one.
B003ZYXUNW puma watch This watch is great.  It is a perfect watch for every day wear and for working out.  The face is large enough to see easily while running or doing any cardio, but not so big as to look clunky.  The blue color with red Puma emblem is very striking.  It has date and chrono function with a backlight.  Very good watch and great deal for the price.  I highly recommend this watch.
B003ZYXUNW Looks cool, but there are a few things to note I love the way this watch looks (I'm kind of a watch junkie). My only qualm is that the side of the watch face chafes my skin a bit, but I think that might be something for watches of this size in general. I would recommend this to a friend, provided they like the way it looks.
B003ZYXV4A review of puma unisex loop black digital watch This is a very attractive watch, and feels comfortable around the wrist. The backlight is bright enough to see in the dark and the watch itself is sturdy. The clasp, however, maybe due to my own roughness with watches, snapped apart a few days after I bought it. It is not irreparable, since the entire watch is one solid piece, but if you work with your hands a lot and in tight spaces, I would recommend a watch with a clicking band instead of this one. All in all a good buy for the price.
B003ZYXV4A Love it I bought this to wear on holidays etc but have been wearing it everywhere, incl at work,  since I got it.  I really like the way it looks and the fact that the time is very light on the watch adds to the look of the watch.
B003ZYXV4A Perfect combination of style and function This watch looks great and has everything I need in a timepiece: 24 hour format, stopwatch and countdown timer functions, day, date, and time including running seconds on the main display, and it's waterproof! Perfect!
B003ZYXV4A very good i like  my whach so much, &#34; I am grateful for this watch is very good very good grace and satisfied with the delivery thanks
B003ZYXV4A My review Love this watch its lightweight very clear to see & it has military time which is how I tell time at work
B003ZYXV4A Great looking watch! I get so many compliments on this watch. Says not recommended to wear in shower but has been working fine.
B003ZYXV4A Very nice I am really satisfied with this watch it is very light and has pretty big numbers, the only bad thing is that the numbers are too dark
B003ZYXV4A Completely Satisfied I bought this watch primarily as a timer for jogging. It works great and I am completely satisfied. Don't be worried about the blacked out display- it looks really sleek and the backlight, although on a short timer, is very bright. You can expect Puma quality, packaging, and a modern design with this watch. The inside of the band is also textured with the Puma logo for extra grip.
B003ZYXV4A Great watch for the gym! Works great for what I use it for, which is at the gym.  Wish the time was a bit brighter and you could turn off the beeping sound.  Not bothersome tho
B003ZYXV4A I love it! I received this watch for a week now and it is everything it promisses. Some people complain that it is difficult to read the time, for me this isnt a problem but if you have some eye problems I recomend you buy another color.
B003ZYXV4A !! use it for work everyday and for working out, awesome and sturdy watch. looks great too, doesn't get dirty easily and not very affected by sweat.
B003ZYXV4A Good Watch I was very excited to get this watch.  However like other reviewers mentioned, it is definitely hard to read time on this watch. And I just found it inconvenient to have to push the back light button when I just want to read time real quick. Otherwise, it is a great watch.  Unfortunately, I will be returning the watch.
B003ZYXV4A Well and I'm swell! I wasn't too familiar about PUMA products, but this watch turned me over. I love this watch. It simply is worth every penny. Doesn't feel uncomfortable what so ever.
B003ZYXV4A Good teacher watch So you can't be a teacher without a good reliable, cheap digital watch.I like the way this one fits, it's not to big and not to small. It is comfortable and looks great. The black on black is a nice touch, and for me, is easy enough to read inside the classroom. Once you learn the functions, it is easy to set and even has a countdown timer. A real plus. I would give it five stars, except it does beep every time you push the button, which is fine when only using as a watch because once it's set, it's set. However, when using the countdown timer or setting an alarm, all the beeping can get annoying. If it was only the beeping, it would still probably get 5 stars from me.....however....I have only had this watch 3 weeks and its already scratched up pretty good! The face has a couple of good scratches on it and there are already a few scuffs on the rubber part of the face and band.  So if you're hard on watches, expect this one to show wear quickly!
B003ZYXV4A Great buy! This product is better than I expected.  The watch was priced perfectly and the quality is great!  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a sport watch.
B003ZYXV4A difficult to read Nice watch except it's difficult to read the time, especially in low light. Why make it so dark? I returned it.
B003ZYXV4A Great for daily use Awesome watch. Same as picture. Is not a heavy watch, very comfortable. I use it daily. The only thing I didnt like is that the screen is plastic not glass.
B003ZYXV4A broke after 1 year of use, and Puma will not respond! purchased this last year (april 2012) and just over the weekend it broke.  It was a decent watch (although time was hard to read at times).  but now it doesn't work at all.  I have sent Puma an email and they have yet to reply (it's been 4 days!).  The watch has a 2 year warranty, and I'm definitely within that time frame.
B003ZYXV4A Good price and good watch I bought this watch and really liked it. excelent price in fair watch. I recomend for people that like casual watches.
B003ZYXV4A gorgeous watch! I ordered this watch for a christmas gift for my brother in law, it came in the mail today and i must say it is beautiful! the packaging was so nice, delivery was earlier than i expected and it is in mint condition. thank you amazon for making my christmas shopping affordable and easy! :)
B003ZYXV4A Pretty darn good, but not perfect It is a very good-looking watch that I do not regret buying.  It was the perfect size for my skinny wrists (I often have a hard time finding a watch that doesn't look huge) and looks very nice. It is, however, somewhat hard to see the display in certain lighting situations and the plastic-y rubber scratches somewhat easily.If I had to buy another watch, this one would be on my list of considerations despite its flaws.Pros:stylish, sleek designthin profile (not bulky between the battery and face)perfect for slim wristsunderside of the strap is textured so it does not slip around when you move your armI LOVE the countdown timer feature. You usually only see a stopwatch on digital watches.the black screen with white numbers has gotten me compliments on how cool it looksCons:display looks muddy/hard to read in certain lighting situationsrubber scratches somewhat easilythe buttons and functions beep a -lot- (like setting the time and countdown) and you cant turn it off (except for the beep every hour feature)
B003ZYXV4A Very nice watch Very nice watch for a man or woman. At first I thought it looked too big for my wrist, but it grew on me and I really like it! I'd recommend it to anyone!
B003ZYXV4A Do not buy This watch scratched from average use within the first two times of wearing it.  I had to end up buying another watch because looking at the scratched up face annoyed me so much.  Do not purchase this watch, I have never had a watch scratch this bad every, let alone within the first couple of uses.
B003ZYXV4A Beautiful watch, hard to read the time I received the watch today in a timely fashion.The watch looks great. Would look good in formal and informal situations.  Pretty comfortable.Pros:looks greatlight weightgood size for a unisex watchCons:It's hard to read the dial in bright light.  You can't just glance at your watch, you really have to catch the right light to see it.The watch face seems like it could get scratched easyI would like the face to be a little bigger for me, but it is a good size for a unisex watchWater resistance:The back of the watch says "WATER RESISTANT 5 BAR"The manual says "Do not operate buttons while underwater, or while swimming or diving."I had to look up what "5 BAR" means.  It is a unit of pressureAccording to this website [...]5 BAR, 5 ATM, 50m, 165ftSuitable for everyday use and swimming but NOT poolside diving, snorkelling or water sports.For the price I think this is going to be a great everyday/workout watchI don't swim a lot or go diving so I'm not too concerned with the water resistant rating.I'm mainly going to use it at work, I work in the health care field, and when I work out.For the looks, the price and the functionality I give it a 4/5.  It'd get a five from me if the face was a tad bigger and the time was easier to read.  To be fair the black backing is what makes the watch look better to me and why I chose it over the black band with the white face backing.
B003ZYXV4A Sleek watch... I bought this watch because I work in healthcare and needed a watch that would withstand me washing my hands frequently. I also wanted a watch face that was easy to read since I date and time all of my patient notes - sometimes very late at night, so it helps to have an easy to read watch face. I agree with other reviewers that the watch face is hard to see in bright lights (like when I am outside), but that doesn't happen to be my environment in the hospital.The watch face is also really big for my small wrists, but I'm not taking stars off for that since I should have looked at the measurements when it came to a unisex watch. Live and learn.All in all, I would recommend this watch to my colleagues for the price and appearance.
B003ZYXV4A Sleek and comfortable I had read other reviews complaining about the display being to dark and the beeping sound the watch makes any time you press a button. While it's true that the beeping cannot be turned off, I find that it's a minor detail on a watch that is great in most other aspects. For me, the brightness of the display is just fine. I can glance at my watch and easily see the time. The watch also has a light button that helps if you are in a dark area. The only issue that I have with this watch is that it's face gets scratched rather easily. But other that that it isn't showing any other signs of wear and still works perfectly.
B003ZYXV4A Average watch This watch has kept up with most things except for what I really want to use it for. I needed a watch that could keep 30 sec. to 1 min. timers. This watch does not. It only goes by minute increments and has therefor been relegated to timing my runs. I no longer wear it to the gym. All other features but the timer work fine and I like the design.
B003ZYXV4A I loved this watch!! This watch was exactly what I was looking for. Plus, I was super happy when the watch came pre set to my country time!!
B003ZYXV4A Sleek, smooth, and comfortable At first, I thought of the watch being too large on my tiny wrist, but I have received many compliments on the sleekness of its look. It is very comfortable, and I have overlooked the large dial on my wrist factor. It is perfect for me as I am a scuba diver, and it gave me no problems in 90feet. I have simply grown to love this watch.
B003ZYXV4A Stylish watch It is a very stylish watch. Very well made. Since this purchase, I have become a fan of Puma products.
B003ZYXV4A Great! I was a little hesitant to purchase this watch as I haven't worn one since I was about 10 years old but I recently started to get into shape and needed something with a timer and something that looked alright to wear. This fit the bill perfectly!I have very large wrists, I can't even fit my thumb and first finger around them (not because I'm fat =P I just have huge wrist bones). I was afraid this wouldn't fit but turns out it does and almost perfectly! I still have 2 holes left on the end! (cutting it a bit close though)Light works perfect, I read somewhere it was hard to see but maybe their battery was dying because even without the light I can see the time just fine!I've gotten the watch wet under the sink and haven't tried to take a shower with it yet. I think it would be ok though, the build quality is very good for a price range like this.This watch even has a calender and tells you the day of the week on the face. That was a big plus! It's simple to set up and use!Something else that I liked was (it sounds stupid) the box it came in, it's a little puma shoe box! It's pretty cool.Anyway overall this watch seems very solid, I would highly recommend this to a friend that needed something to wear while they were working out or running even to just wear around it looks really nice, The pictures don't do it justice!If you have any questions about it post them here and I'll try to answer them.
B003ZYXV4A The good and the bad The good: this watch looks pretty. Also it works.The bad: it's difficult to read the time (unless you hit the light button). It seems that every part of this watch can scratch/scuff very easily.And yet... I'd still make this purchase again. It's cheap, it looks nice, and it works. And, because it's puma, people think I spent more on it than I really did.
B003ZYXV4A Great Value I did a lot of research to find a watch to wear outside while being active and ended up with this one. Great for outdoors- this is my boat and camping watch, gets full of bug spray and suntan lotion and cleans easily.  I've been wakeboarding and put it through its paces hardly scratched after a lot of abuse. Still stylish enough to wear in general too.
B003ZYXV4A Nice but difficult to see Hi, the watch is very nice, but is difficult to see the display in the dark or night. But it is good
B003ZYXVYU love love love! I wear this watch every day because of how comfortable it is. I have only used the heart monitor a few times so I can't offer an honest review of it yet. I got a few compliments on it already!
B003ZYXVYU User friendly HRM This PUMA watch is a user friendly HRM that provides the user very precise readings as well as many functions you would find in watches double the price.It can be set for minimum and maximum heart rate alarm, dual time zones, stop watch, counter to name but a few functions. All in all a great buy for thelower end user without the price tag of the polar and garmin watches. Fantastic entry and middle of the road HRM that is well worth the money.
B003ZYXVYU Very good product!!! I have had this watch for about a week now and its doing great so far.PROS-Comfortable-User Friendly-AccurateCONS-Not as well made as I would expect.  I dont know if this makes sense but some times it looks nice then at other glances it looks cheap.  I have had it for about a week and the button on the left hand side on the side of the watch fell out.  I found the button and put it back in and it is still holding.  I dont know if it got caught on something or what but I was just walking and felt something hit the back of my hand looked down and it was gone.Other than that it does what it is supposed to do.  It was a little hard at first to set up but then I got the hang of it.  The watch takes pretty accurate readings and the strap stays on well and is pretty comfy.  I run about 12-15 miles a week and do high intensity cuircut training and I have had no issues.I rated it a 4 because of the button issue.  But I would still recommend this product to anyone.
B003ZYXVYU Decent monitor.  Very difficult to see screen I Like the LED's as indicators and they are critical here-- the watch screen is virtually illegible in anything but bright light.  If they had a version of this with a regular screen I'd have kept it.
B003ZYXVYU No Complaints. The watch looks good and functions even better. The heart rate monitor syncs properly after about 10 seconds. This is a great buy if you are trying to step up your fitness and keep your heart rate up.
B003ZYXWBM Very Cool Watch Didn't have a problem with the watch.  The design looks really sharp and the watch is pretty confortable. The only issue is that something you can't see the screen, but other than that is a pretty good watch.
B003ZYXWBM great watch overall looking into the calculator watches for work i needed something sturdy yet not too plain looking... this watch is very professional looking yet "cool" at the same time.  since its a touch screen pad for the buttons, it looks very sleek.  the touch response isnt the best in the world for calculator watches but the style makes up for it... overall id say a B+
B003ZYXWBM useful, nerdy watch This watch is useful and sleek. It has the standard timer, stopwatch, and alarm features of most digital watches. Unfortunately, unlike some other calculator watches, the features for the calculator itself are limited. The text on the watch is a little hard to read in direct sunlight at times.
B003ZYXWBM Horrible I very rarly return things to stores. I usually have the feeling whatever falt the product has I can live with, but not with this calculator watch. The first is that you can't see the time. The actual part that shows the time is very small and dim. I had to position my arm jus right so I could read the time. Second the watch is ugly. If you are going for a distinct calculator watch look then this is not the right watch. However, if you are going for the chunk of black plastic on your arm then this is for you. Third, the UI(user interface) is terrible. The touchscreen is horrible it neve registers the correct number pressed. Also it has few other features and those features are not easy to get to. If you are looking for a calculator watch then try someother watch. If you are looking for a way to throw away money on an overpriced object that is terrible this is perfect for you b
B003ZYZWO2 Great watch! This is a really fun watch that is sure to gain attention.  I just got the watch and I don't want to take it off.
B003ZYZWO2 Great watch!! Great watch. Love the big face and bright color.  Only down factor is that it's a bit bulky and sometimes difficult to fit under a long-sleeve shirt.
B003ZYZWO2 Great Gift! My sister loves bright, neon colors -- green and pink being her favorite -- and had been wearing the same black watch for at least 8 years that was falling apart. She had it held together by tape and a hair clip in the end. I decided that a watch would be a great birthday present since she was obviously needing an upgrade. I looked high and low for a watch I knew she'd love to replace her old one. I've always been a fan of Puma produces (they're the only brand of socks I'll wear!) and when I found that they had these bright, neon watches, I knew I'd found the prefect gift for her.I bought her both the neon green and pink so she could change them to match her clothes daily. She loved them! They're both as bright and colorful as they look online! If you're shopping for bright, vivid colors... this watch is definitely for you.
B003ZYZWO2 simple & bold I got this watch a couple of weeks ago and really like it.  The neon green is really bold and eye-catching and goes with almost any color.  The large, simple display is very easy to read.There are three small things that I think keep the watch from being worthy of five stars.  First, although the product specifications say it's water resistant to 165 feet, the information that came with the watch says that it can handle water from "washing [dishes], rain, splashes," but shouldn't be worn in the shower or bath.  It's not that I wear my watches in the shower a lot, but it's nice to know that I could without worrying.The second thing is that the watch face is easy to accidentally scratch.  My last watch, a Casio Baby-G, had rubber "bumpers" that extended beyond the plane of the glass (acrylic, really) so that an accidental brush against a wall didn't do any damage to it.  From the picture, I had thought perhaps the glass of this watch was set down into the plastic casing a bit to protect it, but it's not.  The watch is large and thick enough that if you forget you're wearing it and only calibrate for how far your wrist is away from your body, it will end up coming into contact with hard surfaces.Finally, there is a very small space all around the glass - between it and the plastic case - that's just big enough to accumulate little bits of dust.  I used the corner of a piece of paper to clean it out.  Overall this is a great-looking, functional watch.
B003ZZ1ATW The Watch was not working when I receipt The strap of the Watch seems to be too weak and fragile.The Clock is turned in the wrist of the hand constant.The steel of the clock seems of good quality.But the Watch does not work.I am waiting that amazon returns the money to me
B003ZZ1ATW Nice looking unusual watch that you don't see too often If you are bored by all the similar looking watches, this one is for you. It stands out for sure.I like it cause, besides looking quite unique, is that its very comfortable to wear. It is a minimalistic watch. It will show current time, running seconds and date. But can't be shown at the same time. It does have a EL backlit so that you can read your time in the dark.Here's the issue I have with it. The synthetic leather strap is unique to the watch and flimsy at best. If you wear the watch daily for everything, I doubt strap will last. And I would imagine replacement strap would be hard to come by (if they are available from Puma at all).I had to have the battery changed on this one. The case back gasket is thin and it breaks when the watch maker was opening up the case back. So if you do DYI, prepare to replace the gasket.Lastly, the plastic &#34;window&#34; for the LCD produces a lot of glare, rendering the LCD difficult to read at some angle.There you have it. My take is that, buy it if ... (1) you want an unique watch; (2) bored with other conventional style watches; (3) you can get a good deal on this one cause I don't know how long would the strap last and replacement strap availability is questionable. If the strap breaks and you can't find a replacement, you will end up with a paper weight ... that's not very heavy.What I like about it:+ unique styling+ comfortable to wear+ you won't see it on every person's wrist+ has all the basic time keeping feature (not just hour and minute)What I don't like about it:- strap is flimsy with questionable durability, replacement strap can be hard to come by- case back gasket is thin and easily broken when the case back is open by a tool- LCD window has a lot of glare
B003ZZ1ATW Creatively designed timepiece If you're looking for a conversation piece, this is your watch! Love the digital readout, the band is a little unconventional, you slip it over your hand instead of fastening like other watches. The band is surprisingly light weight but seems to work out okay. Most importantly, the directions, though accesible only online, are easy to follow. If you like or collect watches, buy this !!!
B003ZZ1ATW Bit heavy This watch is a bit heavy considering the very thin strap. as such it feels like its gonna rip if u move ur arm about alot.the night time light it pretty cool and make it easy to read the time.The battery died after barely two months though, so a replacement should be considered, oh and getting the back cover off to replace the battery was a real pain...took quite some time and was even harder to put back.maybe you should let a watch pro or watch shop deal with battery replacement. Asides the weak strap, its a pretty good buy though.
B003ZZ1BTG Puma Men's Watch This men's sports watch is everything it should be. It looks great; better than photo.  I bought one for my brother as a gift, and once my husband saw it, he had to have the same one as well. A huge hit! If you are looking for a great looking, well priced, sophisticated sports watch, look no further.
B003ZZ1CIQ Great Watch for a Descent Price This Puma watch has been great thus far. If you are an athlete or someone who participates in workouts often, I would suggest this watch. I bought this watch because it has dual timing so when I was abroad in Europe, I could have both Eastern Standard Time and Central European Summer Time on my watch. The price is about right and with Amazon Prime it arrived a day and a half later. Easy to read display screen but the reason I gave it a 4 star instead of 5 is that when I push the mode button, it sometimes skips two modes at once. This may be because I'm still getting used to the watch seeing how I only wear it when I workout. Otherwise, this is a great watch for a descent price.
B003ZZ1CIQ Good Value This is a very nice watch for running.  It doesn't snag on clothing and is easy to clean off.  Nice large readout, and as easy to program as any other watch with similar features. Would buy again.
B003ZZ1CIQ Puma-licious Definitely recommend this watch or any Puma brand watches. It looks great on my wrist and i do get lots of compliments on it. No complaints. :)
B003ZZ1CIQ very nice watch I really like this watch. It's is bigger but very light and very easy to read. The band feels very nice and soft. I was expecting the back-light to be yellow. It's green however but it's ok. The light is not as strong but it's enough when in the dark. I like the fact that the band and the body is actually all one piece. If you've tried replacing batteries on other watches and had to remove the spring loaded little pins, putting them back is a pain, let alone damaging the little holes...All in all - very happy, a great watch !
B003ZZ1CIQ Iwear it every day I love this watch, I wear it every day. I was afraid to wear it in the shower because I didn't know if it would make it... It made it. The only thing I don't like is how Tuesday and Thursday are represented by just a T. Saturday and Sunday are the same, but that doesn't bother me because they are on opposite sides of the watch. Sometimes I get confused if it's Tuesday or Thursday. You might think that is impossible, but I'm in the military and when you are out to sea all the days seem to flow together. Lol, that is the only thing I would change, other than that, love it.
B003ZZ1CIQ GREAT SPORTS WATCH. PERFECT SPORTS WATCH AT THE RIGHT PRICE. REAL STYLISH AND COMFORTABLE WHILE WORKING OUT. I LOVE IT SO MUCH I'M ORDERING MORE COLORS JUST TO MATCH ALL MY RUNNING SHOES.
B003ZZ1CIQ Great purchase, great item This watch is a great buy if your looking for something basic, but also flashy at the same time. It is at a great price for what you get. The screen is perfect sized for an average sized wrist and stands out to people all over. My first day wearing it to my college class, my professor asked where I got my watch, and he said the next day he was interested in the white version! It catches eyes from everyone I know, and its still a very comfortable watch at the same time. Overall I would recommend this product to anyone I know!
B003ZZ1CIQ Puma watch I loved the look of the watch on the computer but when I got it, it wasn't what I expected. The face of the watch is big (which I wanted). The depth of the watch (or whatever it is that makes the watch stick up off your wrist) is huge! It feels like I have a computer on my wrist because it's so thick!
B003ZZ1CY0 good watch It says online that it is waterproof, but then when you get it, it says that it is waterproof only in light water like rain. It even says not to wear it in the shower. I was looking for a watch to wear at all times but it's still a nice watch.
B003ZZ1CY0 Really great overall This is a really great quality watch. It fit and looked comfortably on my wrist, has been working great since I bought it a year and a half ago.The only negative thing I have to say is that this seller advertises that the watch has a lap counter, which was the primary reason I bought it, though it does not. It is not in the manual of this watch nor is it an actual feature. If it is, I have yet to figure out the secret behind it.
B003ZZ1CY0 looks great, gives the time, has a stopwatch Pros:- It looks great, really great (I have the black one, with black background), it is not huge, it gives the time, has an alarm, stopwatch, countdown timer, and a second time zone.- nice for the price (I paid 24.50$)- I like Puma :-P- received it really quick (ordered it Wednesday night and came in Friday afternoon. Amazon Prime is awesome :-D )Cons:- I was looking for a sport watch with countdown timer to use it to ref games and for interval training. This watch has it, but you have to set the timer from new every time (no repeat, or any other alternative settings), what disqualifies it as suitable for interval training (and is kind of annoying for games longer than 5min).- the description says &#34;water-resistant&#34;, but since the level of resistance is only 5bar, that means that it can handle rain and splashes, but nothing more (no swimming with it :-/ )- the dark background makes it look great, but depending on the light and angle, it can be tricky to see the numbers (doesn't bother me personally, but maybe people who want/need to be subtle when checking the time).
B003ZZ1CY0 Great Watch! I love my Puma watch! I've had it for two years now and it made it through one deployment but sadly the rubber is now creasing and falling apart. I expect it won't last me much longer. It is pretty simple and the design is great for me because I have small wrists. The price and the look are great, I'm thinking about purchasing another.
B003ZZ1CY0 It wont light up I got this as a gift and it wont light up. I was reading the manual and it said that the light dims out over time but my watch is new so it might the battery. I hope its just not broken.
B003ZZ1CY0 Not what I expected The only thing I don't like about this watch is how dark the display is without touching the side light. It's very difficult to see the time normally even in day time.
B003ZZ1CY0 Dark I really liked the fit and style. It was just sooooo dark to read. You had to be in just the right light. I did not want a watch that I had to continually push the light button to see the time. I sent it back!
B003ZZ1CY0 puma wtach i have this watch for one year and three months and i am ver satisfied ..the watch works very well, It hasn't had a problem  yet:) I wear it all the time even when i sleep, when i have a shower, when i swimm and while rafting:) I can advice this watch to you. you won't be dissapointed.
B003ZZ1CY0 FInd another one The display is as dark on this watch as the picture shows - almost impossible to see it in daylight, only in darkness with the internal light button pushed can you see the time.  Returned for refund.
B003ZZ1CY0 amazing i did not had long but from looking and had on my hand its awesome! still have to play a lot but i know i this will be very good watch!
B003ZZ1CY0 Awesome watch, I bought to my wife and she loved! Nice product, high quality, the only consideration is: if you have the chance to choose the one with yellow display, do it, it will provide a better visualization.
B003ZZ1CY0 SAD I was excited to receive this watch because of the great price, but was very disappointed when it arrived. The black color online looks like a soft smooth plastic, but it really is a sort of chalky black the surface is similar to a chalk board only black. Also the face is a little more square and not as feminine as i had hoped. Sadly i will be returning this watch and i will try to get a photo up
B003ZZ1CY0 Really nice watch... I was looking for watch I could wear every day and I found it. This watch is great! The only thing I didnt like about it is that the backlight isnt as bright as I would like it to be. For the price it isnt much of an issue.
B003ZZ1CY0 Is what it is A little small for mans watch. But my sister loves it as her birthday present. The watch is what it is. Cant expect a whole lot for the price. But is a great watch for the price.
B003ZZ1CY0 Great watch I love this watch!!! I wear it when I run to keep my time and it is perfect. I am happy with it.
B003ZZ1CY0 Second time buyer I previously had a purple watch of the same style that I loved (and got tons of complements on) and bought this as a replacement when the purple one died. The screen is really dark to view (even in good light) and scratches to the screen show very predominantly.
B003ZZ1CY0 VERY NICE i BOUGH THIS WATCH FOR MY 13 YEARS OLD GIRL AND SHE LOVES IT !  i ALSO THINK PRICE AND OVERALL IS GREAT.
B003ZZ1CY0 PUMA PU910792004 and PUMA910792009 My nepehw (11 years-old) has the black watch and he has worn it for more than six months. We wears it for everyday use including showers and swimming pool recreational activities. I loved the way it looked when I saw it on him. Not too big, very comfy. My daughter (8 years-old) wanted one, we just got the light-green one. My daughter loves it!  She is skinny and the watch does not look too big for her. I read the reviews and I read the instructions booklet and it says that it is only 5-bar water resistant. PUMA water resistant description says 5-bar is only for rain and maybe washing your hands. But that's it. I was a little disappointed. But then I made a litte research on the internet and some websites (for example SEIKO website) describes a 5-bar water resistant quality as good for swimming pool and taking a shower. So, I give a 4 star because I expected a little more from PUMA, but according to what I saw with my nephew, it is water resistant for taking a shower and the swimming pool. I would keep an eye on my daughters watch though.
B003ZZ1CY0 ok watch My husband got me this watch for xmas. I am a cop and wanted a black watch to wear to work. The plate on the watch is pink so it totally defeats the purpose of having a black watch for work. The watch is a bit bulky. I have tiny wrist and the watch is huge on it.
B003ZZ1CY0 Shaking my head I ordered as a Christmas gift the watch came scratched up look used I sent it back they send me another one scratched up but not as bad where i needed to return it the display is very hard to see and if you press the light it makes it worse and the instruction for the watch had nothing to do with this watch.. So I had to play with it to figure it out.. So annoyed..
B003ZZ1CY0 It's the style bomb, but  not bullet proof This watch is stylish and good looking. I've lots of compliments on it. The numbers are fairly easy to read. My eyesight is getting worse, so that's important to me. The alarm function isn't great. It's not loud enough and only beeps twice. I've been used to the Timex Ironman which has 3 alarms and will definitely get you up with it's repeated alarms. The PUMA isn't waterproof for even in a shower, so that's not good. I'm a mountain and road biker and get in the rain and water without warning sometimes. It's still working so far, though. The wrist band is sort of short, so if you have fat wrists, you don't want this watch.
B003ZZ1CY0 I like the watch I like this watch. The only thing I really don't like is it hard to see the time on the watch and sometimes it's not comfortable on my wrist. Other than that the watch is nice and it is what I paid for.
B003ZZ1CY0 Great Design, simple elegant but  maybe I want a puma higher end Well, as all said, the watch looks amazing.All is good. Quality of materials is equal to all other brands i have seen for the price.But there is a trade off I wish they have not made: the dial window is not of a super strong material.Because of this, instead of having this watch looking great for many years, it might be some few years.My own preferences is to spend more and get watch that will last maybe until I die. So, I upgraded to a puma with crystal mineral.
B003ZZ1CY0 great for recreational running I bought this watch for simply timing my runs.Besides that, it has a great design and I love it!I have run with it so far in the rain and snow, and it has still worked.The face of the watch can get a bit dim during the night hours, but all you need to do is press the indigo to view the time..(If that is bothersome, buy the same watch with the yellow face!)
B003ZZ1CY0 good looking watch but poor quality it's look is good, price is okay,however,  after couple of days it got scratched......poor material.....if ur looking for something cheap  sports watch..this could be ur stuff,,,,,
B003ZZ1CY0 Kinda klunky Looks just like the photo.  Works well.  Great visibility.  But as stated in previous reviews, if you have a bigger wrist (not chunky, just not a bone) it gets kinda caught up/tight, as with the square face it doesn't "spin" well around your wrist.  Will keep the watch for now, but still on the hunt for the "perfect" work watch that can get wet, etc.
B003ZZ1CY0 Looks nice.. Got the watch yesterday, looks very sleek but unfortunately the plastic face is already scratched. I also have what I would consider normal sized wrists and anything but the largest notch is too tight.
B003ZZ1CY0 Five Stars The screen is a little dark but overall awesome watch
B003ZZ1CY0 Great watch This is a great watch, you don't need to think about where the hour and minute hand are because it's digital.  The only thing I would fix would be the time is very dim.  It has a glow light for in the dark but not very bright in daylight.
B003ZZ1CY0 Buy it! I am a RN and needed a nice, simple watch that I could set to 24 hour time. This watch not only works great but I get alot of compliments on it almost every day!
B003ZZ1D3K Very Disappointed Why I'm disappointed with this watch:1. Color is not vibrant at all as it's shown online -- the color is more wine red than anything2. The time is barely visible; it is dark; and even when you press on the light button, it even becomes darker, and harder to read; even under a light source -- it's still really dark**I don't know how I can train with this watch when I can't see a thing!**The 2 good things I can say about my experience with this watch:1. Delivered very timely - exactly as as what was indicated2. The watch actually fits my very very tiny wristAlthough I am not very pleased with this watch, I will not return it because the time, effort, and cost is more than the watch is worth.
B003ZZ1D3K Beautiful I love this watch. The delivery was fast and the product is wonderful. It is a birthday present and I know they will love it.
B003ZZ1D3K Not the perfect watch, but a great seller The watch looks really good but is hard to read the time, the screen is dark so it's make it difficult.I got it on time and got a good deal with the seller, so 5 stars to the seller.
B003ZZ1D3K if you like complicated watches this ones for you. could not set this watch for the life of me.. had to return it.i tried pressing every button on that watch and it would not set the time.i tried the instructions online and in box .. nothing
B003ZZ1D3K Cool Design, Poor Functionality I got this watch because I really liked the design, the color and the brand. When I received it I noticed the time was hard to read. It doesn't matter whether or not you are inside or outside, the time is barely readable. The way the background is dark and the numbers are light is what makes it hard to read, the numbers more or less blend into the background. Seeing as how the use of a watch is to tell the time, it made the watch not as desirable. The watch fit very well and the color is what I wanted, but functionality is poor.
B003ZZ1ETS Puma Heart Rate monitor watch This watch is pretty good for a basic heart rate monitor watch.  I sometimes feel like it's not that accurate with the calorie counter and hear rate.  I've used it a couple of times when doing an intense cardio workout and feel like it's just a little bit off.  Like, when I feel like my heart is beating out of my chest, it only says that my heart rate is in the 80's or 90's, when I know it must be over 150.  Also, with the calorie counter, it would only say that I burned 200 calories when doing an intense hour long cardiovascular workout (Insanity).  I feel as though I had to burn at least 400 calories doing that workout!  I may be wrong, but it just seemed to me like it wasn't very accurate when calculating the heart rate and calories.  Make sure you READ THE DIRECTIONS on how to set everything up because it can be confusing.  Other than that, everything else about it was fine.
B003ZZ1ETS JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR I have to start this review by stating that anytime I purchase anything on Amazon I read as many reviews as I can on the product.  Unfortunately, there were no reviews for this product when I purchased, and I continued on just hoping for the best.  Well, you should know that the Cardiac Plus HRM is a great product.  I does everything I was looking for in an exercise watch.  I can monitor my heart rate, and view it as a percentage of my maximum heart rate (based on age, weight, and 1 of 3 levels of training already programmed in the watch), which was my primary objective in finding a HRM (this watch requires the use a a chest strap, which is included). I can time individual laps and retain results, until my next cycle (all manual).  Dual Alarm and timer for countdowns.  The screen size and visibility under different lighting situations was a concern for me, but I can honestly say that in most lighting I have no problems.  The only problem is when light is hitting the watch at certain angles and intensities it is hard to read, but not at all a common occurence for me.  The backlight looks great, when you're in darker environments.  Very easy to set up and operate, just give the owners' manual a quick overview to make sure you know what's what.  I highly recommend this version of the Cardiac HRM by Puma for anyone looking for an exercise watch that is also stylish enough to wear leisurely as well. The price tag really affords the option for either of those reasons.  I am extremely happy with this purchase.
B003ZZ3DKG ALMOST PERFECT.. excellent watch, the only thing that bothers me, is that the light on the screen is really really low and i know bright screens drains battery.. but isn't there enough technology to put a nice battery in? anyways.. the watch looks and feels excellent even im tall and have big hands and the watch looks in the right size.and i think its cheap.. it look well done.
B003ZZ3EWI Nice bright watch dim display I needed a watch for 14 year old and it also needed to stand out... There isn't much fancy about this watch, but it does look nice. It had instructions in 11 different languges. About the only down side is it has dim screen so when it is a bit dark you need the light button, which it has. So if you have good eyes and you want to be noticed, this is a good watch to get.
B003ZZ3EWI A GOOD WATCH this watch is good. i love the feaures it has and i love its big face. it's also good to work out in and it is very stylish and affordable.
B003ZZ3EYQ Puma watch. Purchased watch for son, he likes design and look.Watch face larger than I thought but son happy. Very easy to read time
B003ZZ3EYQ Puma watch Love this watch except I think the packaging said it was only ok in the rain but I've taken this watch in the lake and shower. Otherwise it's a great quality watch with many functions. Small packaging
B003ZZ3EYQ Good functional sports watch for the price. I bought this watch to use at the gym as a means of timing rest between sets.  It works fine, and looks pretty good to.  The face is quite large but I like that.  Also worth note is the fact that the face isn't a bright blue colour, it's the standard digital display.  The buttons on the side can be difficult to press as they are flush with the side of the watch, that's probably the biggest problem I have with the watch.Overall, I like the look, it's nice and light and it's super cheap.  Worth the price.
B003ZZ3EYQ Ok The watch is ok but the screen on it gets really scratched up easily and the blue colour of the watch turns into green after about one month but over all it works fine and is easy to read the time
B003ZZ3EYQ Great watch for a great Price! This is my first Puma watch and I loved it! i don't usually buy sporty watches, I'm more into the casual and dress watches, but you can't go wrong with this watch, I wanted this watch in yellow but I found out that It was smaller than this one (the blue one), so at the end I bought this one because I don't like small watches, this one is medium/big and I love it!
B003ZZ3F7C Square shape puma watch Gave it only 4 stars because I like the square shape, but the day and the am pm are so small you have to squint to read them.
B003ZZ3F7C watch For the price I was satisfied with this product. Can definitely tell it's not an expensive watch but overall Happy with my purchase.
B003ZZ3F7C Love it! I love this watch.  I use it at work - Im a nurse - and so far it has withstood many hand washings and purel scrubs! Its super cute too!!!
B003ZZ3F7C Simple, meets it's intended purpose. My wife told me that the watch works great even at night. Simple watch but do the work. The only thing, it gets dirty easily, obviously it's a white watch.
B003ZZ3F7C Cheap and beautiful ! The product arrived at the date, and in perfect conditions. I recommend to everyone who wants a beautiful and low cost watch !
B003ZZ3F7C Love it! I have small feminine wrists, but I like a larger watch face. This watch was absolutely perfect. It looks girly yet rugged and stands up to some wear and tear. I would buy again in a heartbeat!!!!
B003ZZ3F7C Nice sporty looking watch I have been wearing the watch for a week and love it. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars bc I want to be able to swim with it and it is not for swimming. It says u can get it wet when washing hands but it can't go under water. That's my only negative. I did read a review that someone did wear it in the pool successfully, so I did too. It is still working fine after showering with it on and swimming.
B003ZZ3F7C Great purchase The watch was perfect and just what I wanted! It  came quickly and without problems. Thank you very much! would definitely buy from this seller again.
B003ZZ3F7C Perfect for what I needed I am a personal trainer and needed a watch for my sessions. So far this watch has served its purpose well. Its not hard to use, isn't bulky, and wears easily. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it does get dingy quickly and isn't very easy to clean.
B003ZZ3F7C Looks great but not water proof. I like the feel and looks of the watch. User friendly but really wished this was water and not just splash/shower proof.
B003ZZ3F7C Best watch ever! 1. It comes set with the time and date and ready to wear. 2. Super comfortable! 3. Easy to read and see. BUT. The only one poor thing about this watch is that there is a blue color on the side that won't come off. I don't care because I use this watch on the ambulance so I don't care about it getting dirty but some people might. Over all, I love it! It works awesome! :)
B003ZZ3F7C Can't Complain Nice little digital watch that's great for workouts.  How wonderful is it to look great?  Would recommend it to anyone.
B003ZZ3F7C Amazing watch The watch is lovely! It took 6 days to arrive with Super Saver Shipping, and it had plenty of instructions that made the use extremely straightforward.  It has plenty of sizing options, and the shape/fit doesn't get awkward if you have a tiny wrist like I do. It is also very comfortable and looks just the way it seems. It's not too big or small, and looks both sporty and classy. I run and swim, so the water-proof quality and the lap/timer setting is wonderful. The display is very easy to read, even at somewhat weird angles. It's well worth the money.
B003ZZ3F7C Great watch. First off I like that the watch is small. I was afraid it would be bulky because it's tough to find a women's watch that is smaller.  The look of it is kinda sporty and I use it for hiking which is nice. I also like the light feature, it only lasts a few seconds when you press it but it's enough time to see what time it is when it's dark.  I have really small wrists and it adjusts nice and tight but there's also room to have a looser fit. My only complaint is how fast it gets dirty. Obviously white isn't the best option if you want to keep it clean so if that's a concern choose a different color. Overall a nice watch for the price and I've gotten some compliments on it!
B003ZZ3F7C Puma watch I like the design and the lightness of it...It is a nice product. It will be a gift for my niece.
B003ZZ3G62 Large Purchased this watch for my daughter. I can't comment on it's function because it was much larger than she was expecting it to be, so I returned it.
B003ZZ3GGW Great casual watch I purchased this watch last month, and I have not been disappointed. The watch features a black face with the numbers/letters in lighter relief. For me, I needed a black/black digital watch that gave me the time of day, date, and day of week all on the same screen (without being cluttered). I didn't want to have to press a button to have to get all that information, and I was surprised to find that my exact specifications were not easily found. This watch is easy to read, even in decent light. In bright light, you just need to angle your wrist the right way to get a better view. The watch also lights up with the press of a button. One thing I do not like, is I found the buttons that face your hand can be engaged accidentally if you bend your wrist too far towards the watch, and this can set the chrono or timer or alarm without your knowledge. Also, the manual states the watch is rated for more than one atmosphere, but that you can't really get it wet while washing your hands or in the shower. I found that odd, but I don't plan on using this watch in water. All in all, I am pleased with the aesthetics and function of this watch for the price, and use it every day.
B003ZZ3GGW Love It Excellent watch, has a sporty and casual style; money worth; looks just like shown on picture. Recommend it. The price is good as the watch itself
B003ZZ3GGW Nice Watch I like the unique design by Puma.  The grey on black numbers look really cool but can make the time a little hard to read in low light. There is a an illumination button, however.  Definitely a nice "every day" type watch.  I have been wearing it for over a month and it shows no signs of wear yet so I think it will have a good lifetime.
B003ZZ3GGW Stopped working After only a few weeks the watch stopped working. It is a nice design, unfortunately my gift to my husband was a dud.
B003ZZ3GGW Should be called a men's watch I was super excited to receive this watch since my other watch broke a few months back. When I opened the package and put on this watch I immediately said, "This is too big. I am going to have to send this to my brother." I ultimately returned the watch to Amazon and I did so the next day. This watch is ginormous, massive, behemth! I did some research and found that this watch exceeded the recommended max for watch dimensions for a women's watch. The only way this watch could work for a woman is if she wants to look like a brute. To be honest, I wasn't pleased once I saw the watch in person either.
B003ZZ3HAM GReat watch I gave this watch as a gift to my boyfriend three years ago and he loves it. It's casual but he can wear it to exercise too.
B0041SM85M What a Sh*!!! Do not even look at this!! it is not worth, the watch does not even turn on, I have read the instruction, over and over again! I have tried to contact the seller and nothing! I will contact Amazon Customer service now! this is a waste of money!!
B0045RLWJ2 nice and free came free with watch. it was a nice addition my wife likes it. puma makes great items and it looks great when she wears it out
B0047E8HK0 Excellent!!! The watch is very well made. The price is very good for the quality of this watch. I recommend this one.
B0047E8HK0 SOOO Great This is a nice watch I enjoy wearing it.bt the problem I have is with the little clocks inside. the clock for hours works wellthe clock for second and minute work temporarily when I fix it it does the same thing everytimes.
B004DSZL6S Neat watch Neat watch. Lots of options. Directions come in a bunch of languages! Not a petite watch, but is nice looking. Love the unique purple face. Easy to read and see. Double alarm and time zones are nice features.
B004DSZL6S Ok Watch I loved the look of this watch from the pictures online. However, it is so confusing to "navigate" and set- the instructions are not included in the box with the watch- you have to download it from online- which isn't too consumer friendly or appropriate for the amount you spend on the watch. The watch is also very difficult to clean and can get smelly after a while. Overall cute watch and serves the purpose a watch is intended for- however not impressed with a few aspects which lowered my satisfactory grade.
B004DSZL6S pretty watch great watch, face is not too big and the numbers are the perfect size for my not so great eyes
B004DSZL6S Multi purpose watch Very happy with this purchase.  The 'Dual Time Zone' feature in a single display is important to me and long sought after. Set up is pretty straight forward.  Style is very good. And the prices is right!
B004DT13N2 Big I loved this watch, but the face of the watch is somewhat bigger than the demensions given on the website. I had to return the item because of the size. If it were smaller, I would've for sure kept it. It's a good looking watch! It may be better for a guy rather than a girl...
B004DT13N2 Perfect workout watch The yellow is a great color and it's easy to read while working out or bike riding. For the price, it's well worth it. It also handles sweat really well and is easy to clean.
B004DT13N2 Nice purchase I tested this watch throughout the entire summer.For the price, this is a great watch.The size is perfect, and I love the color.Although this bright color easily shows dirt, the watch is very easy to clean.The back-light feature is very convenient, but I think it should be brighter.Other than that, the display layout is exactly what I need.I'd love to try out more colors with this watch.
B004DT13N2 Just as good as it looks! Big dial. Works perfectly. Arrived on time and great value for what you get. Hard to find a yellow watch so thus fulfills that. Bright and easy to use.
B004DT348O I DON'T LIKE IT. ITS AN OK SPORTS WATCH. LOOKS COOL AND FEELS NICE BUT ITS SUPER DIFFICULT TO READ THE TIME. THIS WATCH WORKS BEST IN COMPLETE DARKNESS.
B004EU33NS Puma Watch The design of the watch is great along with it's apperance...the yellow color face is awesome.  I'm considering purchasing a watch in other colors....nice!!
B004EU33NS really good watch awesome watch, i just hope it was more waterproof like you can swim with it on, but over all it is an awesome watch . i wear it all the time.
B004EU33NS Not so good Got it and returned it immediately. I love puma gear, and their watches look pretty decent but you could tell they made it extremely cheaply. It felt like the watches you would see for like $5 at Walmart. The band and rest of the watch felt really flimsy and cheap, and the band was not very comfortable at all, and I'm usually not picky about bands.The functions of the watch are alright, but dear the the beeps, every button has the loudest beep i've ever heard come from and watch and you can't turn it off, that is probably what deterred me the most. Have fun doing anything in public without everyone giving you annoyed stares. It has 2 time zone settings, 1 alarm, a timer, and a basic stopwatch. all of which function ok.The picture of the watch makes it look like it has a yellow background behind the numbers but it's really just grey.Overall, if this was like $10 I would have kept it but for over $30 you expect a little more in your watch, sure it looks decently stylish (not as much so in person I'd have to say) but it doesn't have anything more than the very basics of any watch, and it just feels shoddy. Not to mention that in the manual it states that the watch is only designed to get a little wet like when you wash your hands, but not showering, swimming etc.So if they fixed the beeps, made it of better material and added a little more functionality to it I would have actually gave it a decent review, as it is a decent looking sports watch which really is sometimes hard to find (they all kind of look alike nowadays it seems like) As for now though stay away i would say.
B004EU33RE Awesome watch! Love this watch! The screen gets a little scratched, but it's very nice and comfortable... You don't even feel it when running...
B004EU33RE Sport Watch I'm really glad. The Puma Products are great. I liked so much. the package was great. complete. the designers give you a good product, the watch looks the same as the photographs. Buy for sure. no regrets
B004EU33RE Pretty Good A great watch, it seems a little big at first but once you break it in its fine. It's actually pretty light too
B004EU33RE Cool casual digital watch Well i wanted a lightweight, somewhat cheap watch for casual everyday use & after looking at hundreds of watches went with two of these Puma's, one blue the other green...i wanted a watch with a big face & an easy/quick to read digital display, And i got what i was looking for as this watch fits the bill. At 1st i was a little put off by the thin band ....but it works....the watch looks & wears good....ALTHOUGH...in the light of a real day....it just does not pop with quite the same intensity of color seen in the advertising pic. Those two things are the only things that detract from it so i knocked off one star for that. These are pretty good looking fun watches for casual everyday wear....at a reasonable price. Set up is a breeze, i did not even bother to look at the manual. Just do what comes natural. The night light is an aquamarine blue/green & stays on for about 3 seconds. there is a small & subtle difference between the blue & green watches....and that is that the green one has green colored buttons to match the green face, but the blue watch has black buttons that do not match the face. Both have time am/pm day & date, as well as a seconds display, and a timer mode. it may have other functions i am not aware of. The lens is plastic, not glass & will scratch easily. The watch also has a dual watch band retainer, which is nice. Yes, this is an easy wear watch that you could easily forget you have on. So to sum it up, i really like these watches & i was also pleased with the price.
B004FG3FV6 awesome watch This is the first thing I have bought without physically inspecting it first and I am SO happy with my purchase! A beautiful, sturdy watch with perfectly legible digits and calendar display. I was pleasantly surprised at the translucentness of the strap.
B004FG8WZ0 nice and good quality watch but button loose a bit strap made from  rubber color black good and high qualityfit for all water sport but not sure about the button it easy topress and change all the time, not sure it a water proof or not,
B004FGIS86 Cheap plastic. And very hard to read This watch is horrible!  It cost $71 and is plastic and you can not even see  what time it is. Do not purchase. It's not even something you buy for fashion. It should be $5. Don't do business with this seller. Their customer service is horrible!
B004IUNFDC Love it! I love my new Puma watch. I bought it because I'm a nurse and I just want to be able to look down at my watch and see the date and military time quickly while I'm doing my carting. This watch surely does that! And it helps that it's SUPER cute. It came already programmed for the date/time so that was nice. And it was super easy to change the time to 24 hour time. I didn't even have to get out the directions :)
B004M6DA32 Good looking watch! It was a bit confusing trying to figure out how to set it (since there are no directions), but it was well worth it! Love it!
B004M6DA32 do not buy this watch the band is too short.  i have small wrists and yet it did not fit, it gave me a blister on my wrist.  the seller would not pay for the return shipping.  Dont buy from this seller and dont buy this watch. !!
B004UGJQ9G I like it The watch is nice, the mixture of yellow and black and silver looks good, although the size is big, not bad, is for someone with large hands and for price is a good buy
B004XD0GTK Good and looks better than the picture I have bought this one and i realy liike it it has a ncie quality to it. the only thing to be noted is the watch looks smaller than the picture
B004XD0GTK Love it!!! Great price and watch looks great. Awesome deal as watch looks like it costs a lot more than it does.
B004XD0H8A My 1st watch ever This Puma watch is my 1st watch to wear I am 25 and I never wore watches before and this watch really amazing i love it heaps. I hit it several times accidentally and the glass still alright really good product PUMA
B004XD0I02 Great look I really like this watch, great looking, nice size. I got one for my father and ate the end I bought one for me too : P
B004XD0I02 Great buy! I bought this watch for one of my brothers. The price was great and he enjoys wearing this watch to work everyday. This watch is quite stylish. He says that every single day someone different stares at his watch and comments on it. When my other brother saw it, he got one for himself too! Great buy!!
B004XD0K1Y Nice looking watch This watch looks pretty nice, its very cool and looks expensive, i gave it as a gift, but the watch its cool for the price really recomend it.
B004XD0K1Y great find! great buy my fiance is a watch lover and this is a little out of the norm for what types he wears but he loved it and the quality was great! :)
B004XD0K1Y Great Weekend Watch This is a great weekend/jean day watch. It's flashy at all and nice a decent size face that will stand out. I have skinny wrists and it looks great on my arm. Not the most ideal watch to use at night because the hands don't glow in the dark and the face is black, but that's no fault of Puma's. Great casual watch, especially for the price.
B004XD0K1Y puma watch PUMA Men's PU910871001 Slick "Big Cat" Black Red Watch please help me to find a withe one of this watch as soon as posible I don't like too much that red oneThaks in advanceSo when u have a white oneSend me a messagei
B004XD0K1Y Recommended I bought this watch for my son. We both liked it. It's light weighted regardless its fairly big size. Totally Recommended.
B004XD0K1Y Gud Purchase !! Ok so let me be honest.. i bought this bcoz i got a puma cap as a gift with it.. the shape and fitting is good... the puma cat design stands out and looks neat... dunno if i wud have bought it alone but with a  gift, its just plain awesome :)so if looking for a smart watch n u find a deal for it under $30, its a must have. On $42, u might find a better one but if u dont, buy it... u wont b disappointed !!!
B004XD0K1Y Excelent watch for the price the watch is awesome feels great, and i love the big red cat logo of puma in the whole watch it looks very good, for the price you cant beat this watch $37, must buy
B004XD0K1Y Gets the job done The best feature of this watch is the big puma logo across the face. Other than that, the hands are somewhat difficult to read, which makes it hard to tell the time by simply glancing at the watch. Also, the watch is pretty bulky and heavy, which makes it somewhat uncomfortable. I also dislike the rubber wristband.
B004XD0K1Y i do not like much Just i bought this watch, it looks fine but does not have light and you can not  see the time at night.
B004XD0K1Y I love this watch I love this watch,It's so good,but it so big.My wife think it a little expensive.It assembled in China,That good.
B004XD0KZU puma watch Please help me to find a puma watch like thatI need it for my birthdayThank u in advanceSend me a message on my mail( senatusronaldo@yahoo.fr)if we have a new one like that PUMA Men's PU910871007 Slick "Big Cat" Metallic Silver Watch
B004XD0LO0 Nice Watch I ordered the watch, I was excited to to receive the watch it was very difficult to set but after an hour of trying I finally got the day and month to sync properly. I've had the watch for about month now and its still going strong. I gave it four stars because of the difficulty I had setting it.
B004XD0LXQ A thing of beauty is a joy forever Incredibly lovely watch that MOST usefully tells day and date as well as time visibly. Watch is lightweight and has a comfortable band. A bit tricky to learn how to set (accompanying instructions are not for this watch) but relatively easy once figured out.
B004XD0NFW Nice Watch Nice Wathch just as discribed in the picture and arrived on time, it was a gift for may sister and she loved it
B004XD0NFW &#1617;I liked this watch from puma more than i think caz it is sporty and it is a chic i love it so much&#1617;Iliked this watch from puma more than i think caz it is sporty and it is a chic
B004XD0NPW PU102352002 PUMA Impulso Blanca Watch Promote this PU102352002 PUMA White Watch is a very good watch acabodo lightweight design and comfortable and matches your outfit of the day to day and the best price
B004XD0O06 mixed feelings i loved loved loved this watch! it looked great and was nice and slim to compensate for having such a large face... BUT the straps started to get stained from everyday use and it is impossible to clean! i went online to find ways to clean it, but they didn`t work! so sad!!!
B004XD0O06 DOA out of box Purchased this items as a gift. The recipient then sent it to me as it was DOA out of the box. I then opened the back to to replace the battery and one of the band ends broke off. I have returned the watch to Amazon.
B004XD0OII Watch? What watch? This review is not about the quality of the product because the box we received was empty.  The Puma box came sealed so we didn't open it, we wrapped it as a gift to a friend.  When she opened it she thought it was a practical joke because there was no watch inside, the box had some papers and nothing else.  This tells me that Amazon either has a problem with their products or they are shipping returned goods out without checking them or giving the buyer the option of getting a new item or a returned item.  I specifically look for items that are Amazon Prime because I expect to have less issues with them, there are usually cheaper options but I am OK with the slightly higher price to not have any hassles, not sure if that is as true now as it was a couple years ago.  Be careful and make sure you inspect everything very carefully.
B004XD0OII awesome watch Was a little bigger than it looked in the photo but I really liked it. Overall a very good watch.
B004XD0OII Puma Watch I am pleased with my watch and have enjoyed wearing it. What I like most about my watch is it's water resistent and it makes a good work watch.Thanks,
B004XD0OII Great watch! I love how it looks.  I love how it fits. I love how easy it is to see the time.  The only complaint I have, and it's minor, is the difficulty I have sliding the watch's band into the band's loop.  I'm thinking it'll loosen up a bit after a few uses.  Regardless, I'd buy this watch again in a heartbeat.
B004XD0OII Great watch It's attractive and exactly what I expected.  I love that the 2 is a blue puma.  The watch is not as comfortable as I'd hoped but I'm sensitive...I'd still buy it again!
B004XD0PFA Excellent Puma me like an excellent watch completely without problems buy you is easier and marina very good quality product and would definitely recommend them
B004XD0PFA Good watch not great quality The watch is fine and works fine, but it is not super great quality. I know you get what you pay for, but i am just telling it true
B004XD0PFA Cool and nice watch Nice white watch. Thought it would be big but its not. Looks very good on your arm. Sportive and feminine at the same time.
B004XD0PFA Bought as gift for 18 year old I purchased the watch  for my 18 year old niece and she loved the watch.  Thinking about getting one for me.
B004XD0PQY Cheap... I purchased this watch thinking it would be a good accessory for my sporty outfits, but it was really cheap. I returned it.
B004XD0PQY Very nice watch ! My wife loves it ! Gift for my wife for our 5th wedding anniversary ! She loves it ! Good quality ! Tough ! Waterproof ! I thinking buying one for me ;)
B004XD0RCG Nice!! Nice Watch, really Cheap, good Quality.... Just bought what I needed. Absolutely recomend this watch if you are looking for a sport watch
B004XD0RQM Huge! Love the watch...but it turned out to be a lot bigger that I thought it would when I received it in the mail!!
B004XD0RQM Puma is Puma...not Nike I had a Nike watch before and it just seemed a little better made than this watch. It was new, in the box, and sealed BUT it just felt fake and &#34;light&#34; in weight. It was a good watch besides that, and it didn't have any defects at all.
B004XD0RQM Fabulous Watch This watch is amazing! I am an ICU nurse and needed a watch that would be good for code blue situations! It is not only cute but so helpful!
B004XD0RQM Purple PUMA Women's Watch The wife and I bought this as a Christmas present for our son's girlfriend and she loved it.PROS:Quality watch with large display.Nice colors and comfortable to wear.CONS:Watch face scratches easily.
B004XD0TLU Beeping on button press is a deal breaker This watch looks nice, is a little difficult to read and feels a little cheap.  My major problem is that the beep is really loud and annoying and it beeps every time you push a button.  No way to disable it.  There are other watches that don't allow you to disable the beep, but none with a beep so annoying as this.
B004XD0TLU work out watch i only use it hen i am working out, but that is why i bought i, i an tell that it will last me for a long time due to its qulity, im a hapy with my purchase.
B004XD0TLU it's okay.. the watch functions well...but the band is rather stiff and not smooth on the skin side. Feels too plasticy and not soft and comfy like many similar watches that I have owned.
B004XD0TLU Good watch I like a lot , it came on time strong for the daily use , good price and cant beat it .
B004XD0TLU Not what I received I ordered this watch, but I received a black and red one. Very disappointed. It looks good in paper, but they lie.
B004XD0TLU quality watch I bought this watch for soccer coaching reasons.  I find myself wearing it daily though as it is comfortable and trendy at the same time.
B004XD0TLU High on cool factor Did I buy this watch primarily to tell time, not really.  I'll be honest, I thought it was cool in the picture and the watch did not dissappoint when received.  From a functional standpiont, it is a bit hard to read the time in certain light.  The light works well in complete darkness and stays on for a few seconds before it goes away.  This is a &#34;fashion&#34; sport watch and I dont expect it to fit the bill for my backpacking excursions.  I think you'll like it.
B004XD0U4G Great Watch This watch met all my expectations.  It is incredibly user friendly.  Its very easy to set and I have used all the functions.  Its not complicated but has the essentials: stop watch, timer, second time zone, and alarm.  I absolutely love the light green.  I am petite and did not think it was too big for my tiny wrists.  Very tempted to buy in a second color.
B004XD0UR8 Awesome watch :) Love the color - good neutral vs. standard black.  Looked all over for a nice looking sport watch and was very pleased with this one :)
B004XD0UR8 If you prefer a working watch, this one is not for you. I loved the style of this watch, but it was broken upon delivery. I tried everything to get it on...nothing worked. Sending back.
B004XD0V7C Colour worn out instantly. As soon as my wife got into the water with it, it got water INTO it. now it is useless. It lasted only 4 months. Do not buy itNot worthy of spending that ammount of moneyUseless watch from PUMA
B004XD0V7C Waterproof Then description of the watch says it is waterproof, however it is not. The watch is only splash proof. You are unable to wear the watch in the shower or swimming. It would have been nice to have a more accurate description.
B004XD0V7C Gets dirty in no time I used my new watch for one week and ... it really shows.  The rubber it's made of collects dirt and stains.  Would not recommend if you want to wear it often.
B004XD0VRM Puma women watch This is the second I buy because my daughter loves it. She does everything wit it, run, swim etc. it is un destructible
B004XD0VRM Great watch! The watch face is smaller than the diagram indicated which is great because I have small wrists.  The instructions to set the time and alarm were clear and easy to follow.  The color is great and the display is easy to read.
B004XD0VRM Not water-proof I bought this for my wife less than a month ago. This weekend we went to the beach and she used it at the seashore, and the watch barely got wet. Later that day she noticed the watch has a failure provoked by the water while she was swiming (she does not dive or snorkel). The watch says &#34;8 bars&#34;, so it should resist around 80 meters into the water or 8 atmospheres. Nevertheless, it broke at the water surface level.This is a cheap watch, but not  cheap enough for being disposable. It's a totally waste of money.
B004XD0VRM nice sport watch very good looking watch. size and color. i like the material. realy good design for use with tennis shoes .
B004XD0VRM Too dark it look very cheap Too dark can't see the time and it's ugly and cheap I should have listen to the other reviews not to buy this watch
B004XD0VRM Love it This is my everyday watch, swimming watch, running watch, etc. It's comfortable, versatile, love the color, & the price was incredible.
B004XD0VRM I really like it but is too dark I received my watch within 2 days with prime. I love the color and I love the fact is not too big or bulky. Is a great watch for working out and my busy style life. But the reason why I did not give it 4 stars its because the screen is way to dark. Even during the day I need to push the light button to see the hour. Besides that I really like it!
B004XD0VRM The watch The watch came with a flaw. The slim plastic part that was used the write &#34;PUMA&#34; on the watch is not well glued.
B004XD0VRM great buy got the watch for my girl over a year ago. she loves it and wears it often, and to this day gets compliments on it. everything works well and the silicone material seems very durable.
B004XD0WEE LOVE IT EXCELLENT WATCH, I USE IT EVERY DAY, NICE LOOKS, STRONGLY RECOMENDED BY THE WAY, I HAVE FIVE OF THEM WITH DIFFERENT COLORS
B004XD0WEE The watch is sharp looking and functions great. Only downside are a cheap plastic face that ... The watch is sharp looking and functions great. Only downside are a cheap plastic face that scratches easily and the fact that it is not water resistant enough to wear in water being a sport watch.
B004XD0WEE Great Watch! I bought this to wear at work. I get tons of compliments all the time. Its durable, lasting, and basically holds up to anything. Easy to clean and doesnt leave any marks. Super Great Price as well!! :)
B004XD0WEE Great watch! This is a great watch and is fairly priced, I bought every color after I revived my first one. Size is normal
B004XD0WEE Good Is really good for a simple watch, I love the material, the setting option is good for what you need.
B004XD0WEE Love it! I love this watch! It was the perfect size, not to heavy, and not too expensive. The only thing I didn't like about it was the screen for it was plastic not glass, so when I accidently hit it up against something it scratched. It was hard plastic though, so I only have one scratch on it!
B004XD0WEE Bought As Gift For Wife At Christmas/Very Durable Watch As the title says.  She is a RN and this is a GREAT watch for her.  Easy to read and she can easily sanitize it.  Has held up VERY well.
B004XD0X4S Amazon didn't deliver the right item. I order this watch on christmas time as a gift to my boyfriend. When it arrived it was a completely different watch (white women puma analogic watch!!!) but as I was already on my way to Brazil when I saw it and wasn't able to return the item. Please be AWARE that they can send you a completely different watch when you buy this one.
B004XD0X4S Fantastic Watch, would buy it again and again Bought this watch 3 years ago, I wear it everyday.  Best watch I have ever owned. Highly suggest buying this watch.
B004XD0X4S puma mens watch Slick desing, I like it because it just has the time and the useless stuff you have on screen. At that great price, its a steal
B004XD0X4S Pretty OK watch This watch is not bad at all for the price less than > $50. Just your average everyday watch for me,  made of plastic though, but rather an OK quality. Back panel has metal screws. If you look closely at the picture, the design of the band has lots of little holes,  The bad part... it gets dirty quickly, lots of dirt of all sorts goes inside and you have to brush and maintain it at least once a week. The packaging is really good. Instructions are easy. Made in China. Hard to see the hours at times, since it's a black and gray combo, but very stylish. Has an alarm, but you could hardly hear it...not intended to wake you up. Over all.... pretty ok watch, except for the band which gets dirty quickly.
B004XD0X4S Can't live without my watch I am an average to small sized woman and I bought this watch for myself because I like a large face on my watches. The first watch I bough died on me in only 6 weeks so I returned it  and decided to give it another chance. Nine months later it's still running strong. Very comfortable on my wrist, and easy so use.
B004XD1022 Good looks, but poor design decisions decrease functionality ProsGood looks and unusual design.Can set to 24-hour clockCan change calendar to DD-MM (if you're from Europe, for instance)2 time zonesCalendar knows leap years up to 2099Chronograph stores up to 10 splitsConsIn order to see the day of the week and date you need to press LIGHT button and drain the battery.The manual says, "The Timer is (...) composed of several pre-set values, namely: 5, 10, 20, 30, 45 mins, and 1hr". THAT"S IT. You can't set it for 7 mins to boil eggs, for instance.ConclusionInteresting looking watch. If you're willing to live without a properly working countdown timer and don't need to see the date on the face, it's a decent buy. I'll keep the Timex Ironman, though.Timex Men's T5K608 Ironman Traditional 10-Lap Black Resin Strap Watch
B004XD19FK I love it!! Easy to set up and easy to read. Fits nice !!!! This very stylish sporty watch.  Nicely packaged, and delivered in no time.  Happy with my purchase!!!
B004XD19FK Wonderful quality Just love this watch - chunky, easy to activate side buttons, black background behind time makes it easy to read in sunlight. The strap is made from a firmer, glossier material than the silicone strapped watches I had in the past - all of which dried out and split (I'm looking at you DKNY) and actually has a very fine metal-flake dust in it that gives it dimension and differentiates it from cheap black plastic. Not crazy about the red puma logo but that was easy enough to take down with a Sharpie. Can't comment on the other functions as I'm not a track coach or in need of frequently counting down space launches but for the thing I want a watch to do, this does - and the price is about a third of what it's worth. I think I just talked myself into buying another. Aces.
B004XD1CE8 good watch The item was delivered on time.. In good conditions and was exactly the product that I needed (due a heart issues). 100% happy with my purchase. Thanks!
B004Z4PFAW Big cat watch This is a great watch, looks good, feels good on the wrist and would definitely buy another, in a different color as well.
B004ZIP5GW great item, good price great foot wear, but not good in winter, if you step on ice watch out, other than that, great item
B0050D9XSW Too small and too dark face. The watch face is too dark, cannot see the time at all.  Even pressing the light, it's still hard to see the number.  Too much trouble to return, you have to pay for your own return shipping.
B0050D9XSW Nice watch Very nice watch for the price, but will stain in contact with dyed materials like jeans. Great value for money
B0050D9XSW Fun Color Very cute watch - bought to wear while I'm coaching and it's been great for my needs.I wanted an athletic brand, digital, sporty design, and not $50+. This Puma watch was the one that met all my criteria and I am very happy with it. The time is tricky to set but I eventually figured it out. Great price for a brand name sports watch.
B0051IL9BA Cute watch, just one drawback I purchased this watch as a replacement for my Timex Ironman.  It has less features and functionality than the Ironman, but fits my needs well (I now use my Garmin for timing).  The actual item looks just like the picture, and it comes in a red Puma box which is about 5&#34;x5&#34;x3&#34; and has the typical Puma clever saying and pictures displayed.  I have a small wrist, and while it does take up my entire wrist, it isn't overwhelming.This watch has 2 time zones, an alarm, a calendar, chronograph, and back light.  You can set an hourly chime as well.  It is water resistant to &#34;5 Bar&#34; per the backing.The only negative I have found about this watch is the band.  The band is cute, with the Puma logo, but is very stiff. I have a hard time pulling it tight enough for my wrist due to the stiffness.  Also, it's not a replaceable band, so if the band breaks, a new watch will be needed.
B0051WXY2I Decent quality, looks good/sporty I needed a cheap watch for jogging, but one I could continue to wear throughout the day as jewelry, and after browsing hundreds of watches, had to choose between a Casio watch and this Puma watch, I ended up keeping the Puma watch because it was lighter/looked nicerPros-very slim and light, great for exercising with-looks good, I got the red one, dial/watch face is black-digital,big numbers, easy to read when running-plastic band feels sturdyCons-backlight isn't very bright-hard to read at night (^^^)-felt slightly overpriced at $35-not as bright red as picture made it seem-not waterproofOverall, it serves its niche well as a sporty, light watch (good price range, higher price range- Nixon, Alessi), if you're looking for a more functional/durable/quality watch, definitely go for the Casio series...but if you just want to look good (guys can't wear jewelry, but they CAN wear watches), have a decent digital watch that pops, this should definitely be near the top of your list. 4/5 WOULD BUY AGAIN
B0051WXY2I I don't not The watch looks good but does not seem expensive, the quality is not good, the battery is sold out very quickly, the band is not very good quality, I think for this price would have bought another watch better, in order not recommend.
B0051WXY2I Comfortable and fashionable, average durability I wear this for a health care job since it's safer in terms of disease transmission and can be easily cleaned.  It's a nice watch, I like the reverse LCD a lot, and the silicone? rubber is very comfortable.  It has 2 time zones but I really have no use for that - I wish it had multiple alarms instead as my workday is extremely busy and it's easy to lose track of the time and get behind on time sensitive activities.  The backlight is not very bright but it works well enough - it is probably brighter on the models with a standard (non-reversed) LCD display.  The only downside is I'm on my second watch - the first one got water in it (I had bumped/slammed my wrist into doors etc several times before this happened).  I'll see how long this one lasts, but honestly you can hardly find a piece of crap watch for less than about 30 bucks, so I'll likely continue buying these when they break.
B00551PPX6 Nice watch Nothing incredibly fancy, but it works and it looks cool.  I have skinny wrists and I don't think it's obnoxiously large for them either.  Been in shower with it many times, and no problem with the water. Good watch.
B00551PPX6 Be careful with it This watch was fine when I received it in the mail.  And for about a month, it worked great.  But one day I accidentally dropped it on the floor.  That was it.  Its broken.  The hands dont work anymore.  Just be careful with this watch, obviously its not very tough, but then again its not very expensive.  One good thing I can say, is that the face seemed to resist scratching better than my previous fossil watch.  But also the black coloring on the metal clasp started to wear off within the first week.
B00551PPX6 Great watch, could be better I bought this watch purely because I loved the way it looks. It's like a blacked out BMW M3 to me. The case will scratch easily, and it says it shouldn't even be used in a shower, but I've been swimming with it multiple times and it's fine. It's glow in the dark too (the pointer things, I forgot what they're called), but expose it to a light bulb before you sleep and you'll be fine. Puma website says $110 for it, I got it for 60, and there is also a silver and red case with black band available. If you like the looks- there is this watch and that diesel watch, and I really prefer this one. I'm expecting 2 years of wear out of it before it starts falling apart.
B005648I72 Great look for little money, but not built to take abuse. The "glass" over the face of the watch is actually plastic, which scuffed pretty disastrously within one of the first few wears. But I love the way it looks, (and I love what I paid for it even more -- it's richer-looking than the price would suggest) so I'm glad I bought it.The box it arrived in was even rich-looking, so this might be a great gift for somebody who doesn't mind a plastic-faced watch.
B005648I72 Puma Watch It's a beautiful watch but the band material is NOT made of stainless steel... It's some kind of black durable plastic, which is really really light. I didn't enjoy buying a so-called stainless steel watch and getting some sort of plastic one so you should definitely correct the product description. It's good looking but not worth the price!!
B0056PKEMI Cool Cool shoes, color not as light as expected, but really nice after all, didn't like tho that this sneakers are pretty big, skater look, you can't really tell by pictures, so watch out.anyway very comfortable and good looking.
B0057Z710U Great Gift!!! The product came before expected so it got a plus on my behave because it was going to be a gift for my younger brother. He loved it and it looks even better in person. In all great watch to buy.
B0058ZYUDU died after two days really liked it but stop working after the second day.....my wife was unhappy because she really like the watch but she could not wearing anymore
B005ADO2U6 Nice Watch The watch is really good looking and fits well, however it does not have a timer and/or chronograph (as advertised) which is what I wanted it for.
B005ADO2X8 My wife love it I bought it for my wife and she loves it. It is a pretty watch and the Price was wonderful.
B005ADO2X8 LIES I GOT THIS WATCH SPECIFICALLY BECAUSE IT SAID IT HAD AN ALARM IN THE DESCRIPTION OF THE WATCH. OF COURSE I FIND OUT THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE AN ALARM ONCE I TEAR EVERYTHING OPEN. EXTREMELY UNSATISFIED.
B005ADO2X8 Great watch! Great watch great price! I wear it everyday it's comfortable looks nice and goes with pretty much every outfit!  Very satisfied!
B005ADO2X8 Love the watch This watch is perfect!  I have a small wrist and it fits perfect, can definitely fit bigger wrist too.  Do not hesitate to purchase, you won't be disappointed.  Fast delivery, great condition, and easy transaction. +A
B005ADO2X8 Nothing small about it Might be cool if she liked big watches but its bigger than my watch.  This is not a small women's watch
B005ADO2X8 Perfect This is a perfect sized ladies sports watch.  It clearly states it is 40 mm which is not big.  I have a small wrist and it fits great.  The band is soft and the watch is lightweight.  Very easy to set the time/date and the light is awesome.  I did get this watch as a deal of the day for $11.00 on Amazon so this is extra cool.  Highly recommend.
B005ADO2Y2 Big time There's probably nothing at all wrong with this watch.  I simply like small and light watches when I run.  I should have paid attention.  The ad said it is large ... well, it sure is.
B005ADO2Y2 Garbage!!!! The watch itself is cool but the one I got was not working , it took me almost a hour to change the battery and after all that the buttons would not work for me to set the time , I requested  a refund which they did also they did not want the watch sent back
B005ADO31O Good price for a solid watch. A flat, low profile watch for $30?  Unexciting but works with a cool puma logo on it...sure, whatever.  It's a working watch for $30 lol.  I chose this specifically as a work watch.  I work as a nurse, and a low profile (flatter watch) helps so that when I handle my patients, I don't risk scratching or cutting into their skin.  Works well so far.
B005ADO31O misrepresented Description of the watch included Alarm, Countdown timer, Lap counter. None of these options existed with the product. The watch is useless for my need.
B005ADO31O Not Water resistant as claim to be The watch looks nice for the price. It was a gift for my husband and he likes it. But it claims to be water resistant in the description, and when you receive the watch it says it is water resistant 5 bars, that means you cannot shower with it or swim . Which is the only down point for me .The seller should change that so people know what they buy.
B005ADO31O Great watch HUGE NUMBERS I bought this watch for a friend who needs &#34;COKE BOTTLE&#34; glasses to see everything, but with this watch he can see the watch as soon as he wakes up.While it doesn't have as many features as other watches in the same price range, it does what it is supposed to do, tell time. This is a pretty good watch, doesn't loose time, and it idiot proof to useBut be aware it is huge on the wrist, and it is made for men, so don't expect a dainty item.
B005ADO31O Easy to Read & Comfortable The Puma watch has half inch tall numbers that are easy to read in daylight or dark using its light.  The large round dial is clipped on the right side so the watch dosen't dig into your had when your wrist bends and the watch is very light weight.
B005ADO31O Good for this price!!! I like this watch and for this price is a good buy, I've been hunting for a couple of months ..
B005ADO31O Large Digits, But Difficult To Read I bought this watch for use when running, skiing, and other activities where I don't wear my reading glasses...I reached the age where my arms just aren't long enough any more:). The digits are large and readable indoors, Just like I'd hoped. But, in sunlight, or when wearing sunglasses - even light amber lenses, the contrast between the digits and the very blue background is inadequate, and I can not read the watch. So, I would not recommend this watch for any outdoor requirements - whether you need reading glasses, or not - because the display is just too hard to read, especially when running or swinging a ski pole. The TIMEX triathlon watches that I've used for many years are much easier to read, even though the display is about 1/2 - 2/3 the size of this watch's.I wish TIMEX would offer a watch with this size of display. Also note that this watch does not have a lap-timer/lap recall function.
B005ADO31O Good looking watch This watch looks great I got for my son but almost kept it.  Very stylish big without being too big.
B005ADO31O Great buy Easy to view, and to set time I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a simple no fuss watch
B005ADO31O Misordered I did s search for a watch with a count down timer.  This one popped up but turns out no function other than time and date.  I liked it, but sent it back a purchased another watch.
B005ADO48G excellent watch fascinated by my watch, I like a lot. excellent presentation and works great. I recommend. clear whether you'll use it for a sport, then I suggest using some other watch in the field, I use this for daily
B005ADO4AE Overall i'm satisfied with this watch, it has a nice back light for when it gets dark. Great stylish watch for all occasions . It will go well with my white belt that i had also bought recently
B005ADO4AE Nice watch with nice fashion. Watch that will catch the eye of those around you. Sporty look to it. Comfortable strap makes it a pleasure to wear.
B005ADO4AE good this is a very comfortable watch looks great in the hand definitely recommend this product is highly reliable I promise
B005ADO4AE Awesome watch! Great design and simple functionality Awesome watch! Great design and simple functionality. Comfortable to wear. Looks good... Modern design. Lots of comments in this one. And it's affordable.
B005ADO4AE nice enough watch i got this watch because i wanted to try a sports watch with a white band. been using it when running or playing badminton, but i wouldn't dare use it when swimming.so here are the nice things about this (so far):- nice-looking white strap (although some friends said it looked like Lego)- quite affordable- the rubber strap is comfortable- has a really nice backlight for checking the time in the dark- the buttons are very nicely placed on the watch's face camouflaged as one of the square bumpsand here are the not so nice things:- not exactly for small wrists (which is my case).you can actually tighten it just fine but the rubber strap adjoining the face of the watch wouldn't really bend as much.- the LCD of the watch looks really out of place with the white strap.the watch display is not as light as in the picture. it's the same dark grey colored LCD that you see in old calculators.the strap being pristine white, the display looks a bit ridiculously off.- the watch display and the LCD isn't a snug fit.if you look at the picture, you'll actually see that the rubber band around the display is bent.it will be more obvious when you wear it and start to tighten the strap on your wrist.- the buttons are difficult to press when your wearing the watch.it's fine when your holding the watch (i.e. when adjusting date/time) but not when it's already strapped on your wrist.there's black colored strap of this design, which i think would make a big difference with the issue of the LCD looking out of place with the white strap (grey on white is not as bad as grey on black, i think).also, i wished the strap was wider. i really like the watch-band cuff design.i know that is currently not available in amazon. i think i'm got the very last item from the supplier.but about a month ago when it was still available, i got it at an affordable price.that's why i'm giving it a 3 since i really can't complain much with the price tag that i paid for.it's a nice enough watch, although i would have spent a little more on some other better watches had i found a good white-strapped, wide-band sports watch. there aren't as many out there.
B005ADO4GI Crappy quality. This is a neat idea for a watch but the mechanics underneath are terrible.  The watch stopped working after 2 weeks.  Plus it is a bit uncomfortable on the wrist.
B005ADO4GI Love it This is a great watch, the band comes out of the little strap frequently but it is so simple but awesome. I might buy another
B005ADO4GI Amazing This watch was exactly why it seemed like, I very much enjoy working out/running with is. Highly recommend. No problems, light function is great for when it is dark as well.
B005ADO7ME Item Never Recieved I purchased this watch due to it's unique style.....I never recieved it although the status has shipped.....I am also unable to file a claim for this item......DO NOT BUY........Amazon I am very pissed........
B005ADO7ME good watch but date/time resets on its own on occassion I have had this watch for a month now. It is a good comfortable watch.Lately, i've noticed that the date and time resets to factory settings on occasion. It has happened 3 times now.
B005ADO7ME Almost perfect! This watch was great but buttons are not very responsive. I have press hard to change the mode and get lights.
B005ADO7ME Watch is very unique and fits perfectly The look and the color is what I really love about this watch. It does not keep good time, but you have to change time every time it gets to 3 o'clock. Will order another at a price like this.
B005ADO8XM Cute womens watch. Durable and easy to clean I am not a watch kinda person, but loved the look of this watch when I saw it online so I ordered one. Love the size and durability of this watch. It's a fancy kinda sporty so looks cute all the time. Don't know why it has such bad reviews! Totally worth 30$
B005ADO8YQ OK Watch Great watch but I hit the button on top all the time which changes the mode when I don't want it to. Also the instructions that came with the watch are not for this watch. I called puma, but they said they could not help me and could not explain the functions of the watch they made to me.don't get me wrong despite the button issue I still like the watch alot and it is pretty good quality. Now I just have to figure out what the data feature does?
B005ADO97C too bad, cause I actually liked the watch I like the style, the material is fine, and color is nice. However, this watch resets itself. I wore it the evening it came in the mail, and within seven hours or so, I'd already had to reset it three times. not very good for something I'm supposed to use to tell time if i have to carry something else around with the time on it just to set the watch by when it decides it doesn't like what time it really is....
B005ADO97C It's nice but the info is so wrong. This watch looks so good, but the info provided in here is so wrong. It as no alarm or chronograph settings as it's said in the description, and it is neither water resistant, it can just resist  light splashing as the owner's manual said, but never 99 mts.
B005ADO97C I love my watch I love my watch, the ditails are very nice. But I thought that the box in wich it came in it would be a better one, but otherwise I really happy with my product.
B005ADO97C Looks good The strap was a bit long for my wrists (6 in) so I cut off the extra length. It was easy since its made of rubber and doesn't look bad either. It is difficult to find the light button in the dark since the buttons blend in with the design. I prefer my watch to display the date on the screen but you must find the button for this as well. Overall it looks cool but not worth what I paid. ($50)
B005ADO97C BROKEN WATCH This watch was terrible, it kept resetting and after 5 times I grew very frustrated with setting the time only for the watch to stop working and reset back to 1pm. I would NOT recommend it!!!
B005ADOA6W yellow band I returned the first watch because i thought it was defective, then the second watch was the same...after one day of wear the band turned yellow and the lightest touch scratches the face. Also it is not water proof just water resistant. I am not happy with the watch i got at walmart is way better
B005ADOA6W Its okay I really like the look of this watch. Its a little bulky but overall its a cool looking watch. The one thing I have a problem with is the odor. This is a sports watch so obviously people like myself use it during work outs. That being said the watch stains easily and it maintains the smell from your sweat. Overall I like the watch but I would not buy another like it.
B005ADOA6W Nice looking, but not water resistant This watch is very nice looking, but you cannot wear this in the shower or in the swimming pool. It can only get &#34;splashed&#34; in the rain to be safe. Unfortunately I have to return this. Luckily it is eligible for free returns from Amazon. Also, Amazon's price was $10 less than the price of the same watch on Nordstrom.com.
B005ADOAC6 Okay watch. Enough said. Looks okay. Keeps time. Sweat proof. Good for running and for working out.It is not anything to write home about.
B005ADOAC6 no not waterproof So I really like the watch, BUT! I wanted a waterproof watch and this ain't it. It says it is waterproof against a few sprinkles of rain w.t.f. I got the watch because I have an infant and it makes it difficult to be pulling out my phone, and wanted something I didn't have to keep taking off, but no not waterproof. I kept it cause I just needed a watch at the time, but we'll see how long it'll last.
B005ADOAC6 Great Watch I love this watch! It is perfect for sporty and active people. My problem with my other watches with leather bands is that they can sometimes acquire an odd small, which really grosses me out. However, there is never any problem with this watch. It also fits perfectly and it is super comfortable. I have never had any problems, I recommend it!
B005ADOAF8 Puma Digital Watch (White) I got this watch for my girlfriend for when she ran about six months ago; so far it has held up extremely well. It gets rained on daily, and she sweats a lot when she works out so if you are concerned about sweat ruining it don't be. The watch has also taken a beating as she tosses it around regularly (Example: tossing it on a nightstand or coffee table form a couple feet away or even hitting it into a tree while running) and it is still working like new. Like all white products you sweat in the watch did get discolored very slightly around the inside of the band but other then that it has been a durable well made product.
B005ADOAF8 Nice sports watch. This is a nice sports watch, female and cute. I bought it in white, I love it, but is difficult keep it clean.
B005ADOAF8 Nice looking comfortable watch Very comfy, easy to ready display, very simple to use and good price for what you get!  A little hard to keep clean but that's what you get when you buy a white watch!
B005ADOAF8 Misleading The website stated it would be ok to use swimming that it was water resistant to do so, once watch came the packaging within box said it was not safe to use while swimming, I also recieved pamphlets how to care for my watch in every language....but ENGLISH. Very disapointed not able to function watch appropriatly without correct instructions.
B005ADOAF8 defective could not set the minutes on the darn thing. Kind of large for a small womens watch. bought a timex instead
B005ADOAJE my favorite watch it's everything i want in a watch.  it's water proof, lights in the dark, super easy to program and doesn't show dirt easily.  on top of that it's very comfortable.  love it!
B005ADOAJE Great watch Great watch!
B005ADOAJE BE WARNED- wrong watch I ordered this purple watch and a lime green rectangular one came instead. Not happy! Be warned buyers. Too good to be true
B005ADOAJE Nice watch Watch looks great!  Love it for working out, very stylish.  Works great and is easy to use.  Great price too!
B005ADOB9S Perfect for what I needed! Needed a durable watch for work and this was great! Only thing is the white gets dirty easily and it's hard to clean it. I tried dish detergent and a magic eraser, still dirty! But the dirt only seemed to be seen on the inside so I guess that's not really a big deal.
B005ADOB9S Good watch and design. I like the watch, i like the colors combination and the design. I would like to buy another watch like this but in an Large size.
B005ADOB9S Deceiving description, but good design I wanted to like this watch. It's light, with a sleek, simple design. It's a sports watch, yet it's not clunky, chunky, or overly complicated. And best if all, the description specifically says waterproof. Yet, when I got the watch, it said right on the back of the watch that it is water RESISTANT up to 165 feet, and it comes with a chart that states that 165 is only okay for light splashes, no submersion, etc. I needed a waterproof watch, so I returned it. If you are looking for a different watch to wear around, and are willing to take it off near water, it's for you. But if you want a tough, yet stylish watch to never take off, one that will withstand a rough- and- tumble lifestyle, I suggest you keep looking.
B005ADOBAC Nice watch but not easy to read at day time I like the color of this watch but when under the sun, it is a bit difficult to read. So cannot really recommend it.
B005ADOBAC Nice Watch: Good For Swimmers. Very nicce watch, my son loves it. There is a split timer for swimmers. I like that. The only bad thing is the little booklet in the box says the level of &#34;water resistant&#34; is light use in the shower or sink. Remove for long term swimming or showering.  Not reccomended for swiming, so that kinda ruined it for me. It is very matte feeling and nice Mens/ Boys watch looks good on!
B005ADOBAC Puma Men's Watch I like the 'Brand' and the 'Price' - However, I bought this watch as a 'spare' for when i'll need a new watch in the future!
B005ADOBAC Great watch It is easy to read the time. It fits perfectly. Love the green color and lighting. All around awesome watch.
B005ADOBAC great watch My son loves this watch and I am so glad that it comes in so many colors.  Green watches are so hard to find.
B005ADOBAC Nice watch, starts to stink though I really love the look of this watch, but the downfall is that the band must not be anti bacterial because it ends us stinking after long term use.  I used my other rubber banded watch for a year straight and it never developed an odor.  Other than that though, really slick watch.
B005ADOBAC great design . i bought two , one for mine/one for my friend . i like the two different time zone in this watch.
B005ADOBAC Good for gym or very casual I bought this for a very casual every day watch and to wear at the gym. I wanted something that I could easily see the second hand, and somewhat stylish. I didn't want to spend a lot of money.This works well for my purpose. Only downside, is the face is plastic and I already have a good scratch on it.
B005ADOBAC Like it I bought this watch for my son and he likes it very much.  Watch was shipped very fast and was exactly as described in the add.  Dial is easy to read and according to him, &#34;very cool&#34;.
B005ADOBAC Neon is nasty Watch is very comfortable and the neon green is a nice contrasting color. Only 4 stars since the numbers are hard to read in low light and the backlight could be brighter.
B005ADOBFM not bad but screen scratches very easily. not bad watch, mostly bought it for style, and the waterproof depth because i occasionally dive. id give it a 8 out of 10. the actual digital layout of the watch could be better... the back light only stays on for about a second... the beep when you hit a button is very loud and was not made for setting your alarm in class! other than that it is a very stylish watch ive already received several complements on and i have only had it for about not even two weeks... so overall not bad... not meant for the construction field tho... :-( stupid easy scratch screen
B005ADOBFM unique buy and look Awesome great fit and better look.  I get many compliments for the uniqueness of the watch
B005ADOBFM Fashionable I wear it to the club every weekend! You can just tell that everyone is checking you out when you wear this watch!
B005ADOBFM Not waterproof,Tuesday and Thursday same sign It is a nice watch, I do like it. I also do not have problem with the sound as many has mentioned. Simple, and effective. The watch is not waterproof, not even for streaming water. Also the Tuesday and Thursday show up as "T" on the watch. Not "Th" and "Thr" or some way to distinguish it.
B005ADOBFM amazing! i love puma and this watch looks as great as i thought it would! it goes well with all my other puma gear!
B005ADOBFM Atheletic watch This watch is stylish, easy to read and very affordable. I've used many different watches and usally have trouble reading the digits, not with this one. I can glance at it while running and recognize the timer-stopwatch and not have to stare at it. Super cool looking and so far I've had no issues.
B005ADOBFM Great Watch  for the Price!!! Excellent design, easy to set up, received compliments, watch band is rugged, easy to read,,,,what else for the low price.....
B005ADOBFM very nice larger sized watch this is a great water proof watch. i wear it everyday to work great clear digital numbers love that it also has a date.
B005ADOBFM Good value for money. Watch arrived on time. Good solid watch with decent features. Bought it as a present for my 16 year old brother. He loved it, especially the orange neon ring around the watch face.
B005ADOBFM Good watch It looks worse in person. The orange and the black don't go well together. Would recommend it, but first, make sure it's suitable for you.
B005ADOBFM Great I'm a female deputy and having the date and time on this watch is great! not to mention I was afraid this watch was going to be too large since it is a male's watch but it works great and fits perfectly
B005ADOBFM Wish the light was brighter. Nice watch. However the backlight is very dull. I could not figure out to set it on military time( maybe it does not have that ability). I do like the size if he numbers and its nice because of the calendar. I have gotten many compliments. Matches my scrubs perfectly.
B005ADOBFM function and cool A straightforward, no frills digital watch with a cool design.  It lacks some of the complex features that other digital watches have, but I appreciate the simplicity.  The one feature it does offer -- dual time zones -- is well executed and very handy.One tip:  avoid contact with DEET based insect repellant.  I sprayed myself while wearing the watch and permanently marred the plastic.Also, I found that the orange face is very soft and prone to scratching.  And scratches show up clearly against the orange background.  Mine was visibly scratched after a day or two of use.
B005ADOBFM Nice Nice watch but the material it's made out of gets dirty fast. I would recommend to puma lovers for sure
B005ADOBFM Nice watch Nice sporty/casual watch.  Band feels a little thin.Great $36 deal on Amazon. Wouldn't buy it at the $50 retail price.
B005ADOBFM Nice watch with big digits...dim backlighting....but a nice watch still. I needed a easy to read LCD digital watch with larger numbers for when I am out running or walking without my eyeglasses on and these Puma watches met my requirements okay and the price was good too. Watch is fairly easy to set up...fairly easy to see at night thanks to that dark orange back-lighting....but only stays lit for maybe 4 seconds....which is no biggie for me. Watch looks good & is comfy. I gave this watch 4 of 5 stars because the day of the week or the month is not visible.....just the day of the month is visible. I would have to press another button to get that info I guess. Good thing I have a decent memory. This watch is also waterproof. Anyways, it's a decent basic LCD digital watch that basically is easy to read and keeps good time without costing too much. So, I gave this watch 4 of 5 stars.
B005ADOBFM the band sucks the watch function is good and, styling is good.  But the watch band suck.  it never stay still, always slipping off.
B005ADOBFM Good watch but instructions are poor I could not follow the directions to set time etc. and had to ask a teck savy friend for help
B005ADOBFM LONG TERM REVIEW I HAVE USED THIS WATCH FOR TWO YEARS AS A NURSE IN THE ED.  IT HAS SURVIVED NUMEROUS DAILY HAND WASHINGS, DRUNK/CRAZY PTs AND OTHER ABUSES.  YES, THE DIAL HAS NOT REMAINED PRISTINE BUT FOR THE PRICE I CAN THROW THIS AWAY EVERY FEW MONTHS AND BUY A NEW ONE.  CLEAR AND EASY TO READ DISPLAY W/ A BACK LIGHT IS A MUST FOR MY WORK AND THIS WATCH DELIVERS.  RECOMENDED? YOU BET!
B005ADOBGQ Five Stars I love the watch it's beautiful
B005ADOBGQ I never used to wear a watch I wish the back light was brighter. Didn't come with great instructions on the settings. I ended up going online to find out.I like the large face, easy to read. I like the color scheme. I've had 3 people already comment on it. I like how the band is rubber, making it easier to clean.
B005ADOBGQ Cool looks. Good price! I love the colors of this watch. It's easy to read because of the large face and it's easy set the time and date.
B005ADOBGQ Nice sporty watch pros: watch is stylish, colorful, and vibrant.  washable rubber strap looks to be durable and is comfortable.cons: it is unclear whether you can lap swim with this watch safely.  display could be a little brighter or have a higher contrastrecommended for sports watch lovers & active individuals
B005ADOBGQ The greatest watch of all-time. No other watch will ever surpass the greatness and efficiency that this watch offers. I am clearly astonished of the greatness of this watch.
B005ADOBGQ wrong color Would have given 5 out of 5 stars, but I ordered the orange puma watch and received the standard black.  Other than that, all good, really nice watch for coaching.
B005ADOBGQ A M A Z I N G Fast shipping by amazon and at a awesome price.This Puma watch is light weight and stands out in the crowd.Only one minus point the back light is not that strong,but overall this watch is worth the price on amazon.
B005ADOBGQ Stylish. This watch is really stylish. I always get compliments on it. People ask me if it's a smartwatch but I have to tell them that it's just an ordinary watch. The viewing angle could be better though.
B005ADOCQK Decent, has its pros and cons Bought this as a replacement for similarly-priced Adidas Response II ADP3011,and I'd take that watch over this Puma any day.GOOD:*Outer design, except the puma logo, is very pleasant*Performed well ~20 feet under water*Very comfortable, never felt the need to take it off, even when training in June heat for a marathonBAD:*No way to deactivate the button-beeps. Makes you feel like a middle-schooler.* Only one alarm, not particularly loud*Explanations for buttons are not displayed on-screen like Adidas (they're written on the frame instead), but when you're adjusting time/alarm etc, all buttons have alternative functions, and you spend time trying to remember which button does what.*Buttons are very susceptible to double clicks*Small numbers (relative to the watch's size). Screen estate is used so ineffectively, with dead spaces taking up half the screen all the time. They could've used a lot more of the screen space to increase readability, and to make adjustments easier
B005ADOCQK great watch! After trying to order a Nike watch from Amazon and it was for sure a fake one I tried again.  The puma watch fit my wrist well and I'm a bigger guy.  The stop watch functions are great.  All around good deal.
B005ADOCQK Excellent purchase I collect watches; all priced within my budget.  This watch is a very nice addition!  I like the large face.
B005ADOCQK It IS easy to read I wanted a watch that I could read at a glance and this is it. Kinda like wearing a small billboard!  Others have warned about the band being on the short side and the thickness -- both are true.  I like it anyway
B005ADOCQK Simple to use. Good watch for running. Simple and easy to stop, reset, etc. I don't need to know my heart rate, the time in Bancock or split splits, just my running time and it works great.
B005ADOCQK Favorite Sport watch! I have many watches from sporty to classy and dressy, I have a polar watch which I use as a heart monitor watch, I wish this watch came with that feature, but I love this watch I use it to time myself on work outs, when I go fishing I use it to keep track of time, for swimming it hasn't had any water leaks. I like the style and being Puma is a plus, easy to use, all the functions you need, nice back light, this is my favorite watch to wear when I'm doing my sporty out door activities. If this one fails I will most definitely buy another one! Great watch from none other than PUMA!
B005ADOCQK Great! Nice face, awesome stop watch and timer features. Attractive minimalist design. Buttons may feel hard to press at first but you do get used t it.
B005ADOCQK LOVE this watch! I bought this watch for my husband, an avid daily runner.  He absolutely loves it and gets numerous comments on it!  Very sleek, not too big and has worked just fine for him.  He has pretty much worn it daily for the last year.
B005ADOCQK Good watch Really nice watch for the price... it's something pretty basic, no luxury at all... but I bought it looking something like that, so I could say that It accomplished the goal.
B005ADOCQK Great!! Watch is great. Well made. I've worn it everyday since ive had it. About 2 weeks now. Got many compliments on it. Good job Puma!
B005ADOCQK Handy watch I bought this watch knowing what I had in mind and it turned out exactly that way. It's small, fits perfectly and can be worn for sports as well casually.
B005ADOCQK Great Watch Awesome watch. It is big...so don't worry about not seeing it.Does everything I want it to do...I just wish I could set the alarm for just weekdays or just weekends.But very minor.Other than that...I like the style.
B005ADOCQK Great watch Large simple display. It does not suffocate my wrist when I wear. It looks sporty and I use it for casual times at work.
B005ADOCQK great So far my husband loves this. He didn't want an expensive watch, something he can wipe clean (he's a physician), and something sporty. It looks really cool. The face is rather large, but doesn't look abnormal on a tall man.
B005ADOCQK Good watch for the price, have had several complements Good watch for the price, I have had several complements about it.  It shipped fast even with the basic free shipping and has held up well with everyday wear.
B005ADOCQK Meh I've had this watch for ~1yr and overall there are more cons than pros.Pros:-Large watch face that is fairly easy to read.  If you are interested in seeing individual seconds in a larger setting this is a great watch for that.-Look of the watch.  Some people frown upon the large square design but I actually bought it based on that.  It's definitely an eye catcher.Cons:-Scratches SUPER easily.  I have numerous scratches and paint transfers from doors/walls just from lightly bumping or rubbing while walking.-Almost impossible to use for running.  The functionality is almost beyond terrible when using this as a stopwatch/lap counter/split recorder.  Bringing up the past information is not intuitive and is almost useless.-Buttons are hard to access and usually select twice or three times with one push.  Super frustrating when you are trying to hit buttons during a run.-Almost every watch I've ever owned has the light/indiglo button in the top left and this watch puts it at the bottom right.  Personal gripe right here.-Shape/size of watch will catch on clothes and protrudes out and will bang on stuff.  Being the front of the watch is not recessed it leads into my first point of scratches.Overall I would not recommend this watch to anyone.  For the price there are far superior watches with better functionality, style, and durability.
B005ADOCQK Large! If your looking for a large digital watch this is the one for you! Ive got fairly small wrists and this watch is light weight and fit very well. I'm going to buy a couple of the other colors also.
B005ADOCQK Solid for the price.  Very durable Had the watch for 1 and 1/2 years and still runs like a champ.  I'm in the army and use it every day to work out.  Only issue I had after the year and a half is having the band restraints break from a toddler pulling on the watch.  I have also swam multiple times with it on and there are zero issues with its water resistant capabilities.  Overall a great watch for the price.
B005ADOCQK Four Stars I love the watch but the water depth was falsely advertised.
B005ADOCQK Its an OK watch Good: Light weight, very good readability, decent back light and good alarmBad: Jaw dropping size. Seriously, this is like a small monitor tied to the wrist. Cant walk 10 ft without heads turning. Watch is very light and comfortable to wear but will have difficulty with full sleeve shirt, if you want to double this watch as a day to day work watch as wellVerdict: Go for it if you dont mind some attention in public places or want to use this exclusively for running or exercising or biking etc
B005ADOCQK Good watch The only thing that I really dislike about it is the white Puma sign. It is so annoying! I colored the sign black and it is not so bad anymore.
B005ADOCQK Durable This watch is great, I am a personal trainer and use it daily.  I also crashed my motorcycle and it did not scratch badly, nor did it stop working.  I have swam with it, even though the package does not really specify whether you should or not, it still works.
B005ADOCQK Perfect Puma Love this watch. Extremely comfortable on the wrist and looks great too. A large watch but not the &#34;computer on a wrist&#34; size mentioned by one reviewer.  The numbers are easy to read and the light display very visible. Will look for that Carolina blue one even though I'm a Duke fan!
B005ADOCV0 Great watch The watch is great. The only issue I have is the light only stays on for a couple seconds. I need 10-15 seconds at a time, and it probably stays on for 2-5 seconds.
B005ADOCV0 Wife loves it... Very nice watch.  Got as a gift for my wife - we both like the look and does the trick.
B005ADOCV0 works it looks somewhat cheap not too impressive. looks like a Chinese imitation watch wish it had more of a though look to it.
B005ADOCV0 Love this watch Love this color! I'm a Vet Tech student that needed a waterproof watch that clearly counted the seconds so I could take vitals. Very easy to see display.  Very happy with my purchase.
B005ADOCV0 Best watch ever owned! This is great. I love being able to wear it to swimming lessons. I don't have to worry about taking it off anytime. Thanks for this great product. And it arrived amazingly fast. This is the best watch I've ever owned! Thanks again.
B005ADOCV0 Awesome watch! Great watch. Really has a lot of features, very fashionable,  durable,  and great to workout with. My girlfriend loved it.
B005ADOCV0 Terrible I always buy Timex watches and they seem to die or get water in after 1 year so I thought I would try something new. This watch looks cool but it was literally dirty looking and unable to clean within one week. I also found it hard to program and it didn't come with directions, you are expected to go on their website and search through all the products and download your own guide.
B005ADODY6 Great watch Comfortable and cute. Works great with the pulse monitor. Confusing to set at first but I'm not the most tech savy person.
B005ADODY6 great watch a really good watch to start your running monitoring shape, with great design, nice weight just a little bit hard the hrm band
B005ADODY6 Doesn't hold up well... This watch is really attractive upon arrival however it doesn't last long. I had the watch for just a couple of weeks when the color on the band started to turn a strange shade of yellow (I'm assuming from being worn down). The button on the lower left side also went missing after about three weeks which completely negates the heart rate function. This button also toggles through the different settings so I am just keeping my fingers crossed that I won't need to use it to reset the time and or date.Speaking of the heart rate function, it may have just been my ignorance but I assumed that the watch had a sensor that would read heart rate. That is not the case however, the watch comes with a band that you have to wear under your clothing around your chest in order to use the heart rate function. I  didn't see anywhere in the description that this is the case so this may be important information for someone else looking at buying this watch.
B005ADODY6 Love it!! I really like my watch. It's super cute, comfy and light weight. Worth the price!!! Haven't tried the heart rate monitor yet but I bet it is awesome too. Watch is easy to work as well.
B005ADODY6 So far so great! This watch is living up to it's manufacturer's promise of being water-proof, accurate, and easy to use.  After emergency heart surgery, I have peace of mind I'm staying within my target heart rate zone during exercise outside of the cardiac rehab lab where one is hooked up,  closely monitored, and supervised by a team of rehab specialists.
B005ADODY6 NEEDS IMPROVEMENT I recived this watch about 3 weeks ago and I am deployed overseas and wear it every day It has turned a disgusting yellow green from where the blue was and i tried to clean it off and i cant even scrape the color off with my knife the heart rate moniter works for light jogs and the gym but when you go outside to run it has a hard time keeping track. Spend the extra money and get a better one
B005ADODZK Great value I had been shopping around of heart rate monitor watches to aid in my workouts.  All the ones I've seen were really expensive.  This heart rate monitor watch is simple to use and the band is really comfortable.
B005ADODZK Nice Watch My sister love it. She wear it every day since she got it, preaty good presicion with the heart rate.
B005ADODZK Puma watch Arrived quickly, small dent in the corner of the box was the only issue. My girlfriend loves her new watch.
B005ADODZK Serves my purposes I like the size of this watch. Band is flexible. Haven't tried the heart rate monitor yet but hoping to do so soon.
B005ADODZK Great watch!!! This watch is awesome!!  Super stylish and functional as well!  I don't use the heart rate option but it nice to know it has it.  Comes with a heart monitor strap as well!!  Nice big face so very easy to tell time.Would recommend this watch to anyone!
B005ADODZK Nice and light watch This was a gift for my mom. She loved it. According to her, it is light, it's comfy, it works fine. Recommended.
B005ADOFKS Good Watch Nice and light watch for sport and every day but when strap gets dirty it almost imposible to clean it even with chemicals.
B005ADOHQ0 Disappointment in online purchase I was terribly disappointed in the watch, I loved the look of it and was looking forward to wearing it but unfortunately the first watch kept losing time in the first few days of receiving it, I returned it for a replacement which arrived very promptly but again this time the battery didn't work at all so I returned that and asked for a refund.  Surely these watches can be tested re the battery before sending them to purchasers.  I will be very reluctant to buy any more products online.
B005ADOHVU the watch doesnt work right The watch doesn't works properly, it stops every instant, I sent to check the battery and it isn't the  problem. Unfortunately I was sent to Venezuela and there isn't authorized Puma service to apply by  international warranty Puma. I waste my money
B005ADOJ4A Looks too cheap Ive got this watch as a gift and I find it low quality.It looks and feels too cheap, not durable materials and the look overall is not satisfying.Im dissapointed with my purchase, it is also way too expensive for what it is
B005ADOJ4A Great look, good fit, just a little thick. I really like this watch - it's pretty sharp looking and I like the flat-blackness of it.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the watch face is kind of thick, which makes taking on and off jackets somewhat of a pain.  Otherwise, great!
B005ADOJ7C Beatiful! This watch is amazing, my boyfriend is so happy with this gift! It is so nice! He use it every day
B005ADOJ86 I like it i like this puma watch, i hope to this watch would be a little more big, but it looks good.
B005ADOKCG i like it I really like this Puma watch. I bought it because it was a cheap watch (I get a 50% discount for father's day), but now I use it every day. Really a nice watch. Simple. Discrete, but at the same time, striking.It's not a sports watch. So do not pretend to have a precise chrono or a lot of functions.Only 1 thing I don't like. It's only 5 bar waterproof... So you cannot use it in a swimming pool.But anyway, I love it.
B005ADOKCG I love it, but will be great if you can swim with it. I really like this Puma watch. I bought it because it was a cheap watch (I get a 50% discount for father's day), but now I use it every day. Really a nice watch. Simple. Discrete, but at the same time, striking.It's not a sports watch. So do not pretend to have a precise chrono or a lot of functions.Only 1 thing I don't like. It's only 5 bar waterproof... So you cannot use it in a swimming pool.But anyway, I love it.
B005ADOKE4 Disappointment I bought this watch thinking that it was going to be awesome. Unfortunatly I was wrong. When I purchased it I was of the understanding that I could wear it in the shower. That it not the case. At that point I felt that I could deal with that due to the fact that it looked so cool. I wore it for a short period of time and the band began to become discolored with dirt. This stain would not wash off. Again I felt that I could deal with it. I bought this watch in the end of January and by July the band began to tear and break. I decided at this point that enough was enough and I felt that this watch should last longer then it had. I looked on the warrinty infromation to see where I needed to send it to the manufacturer so that I could get the band replaced. Unfortunatly the warrinty only cover the watch itself and not the band. So now I am stuck with a watch I cant wear and would be very difficult to find a replacement band for. On the bright side, it still looks very cool. I just cant wear it right now.Just FYI, I didnt spell check this so if you want to beat me up for poor grammer go right ahead. Also if you think I am being a cry baby then you can eat me. Take care.
B005ADOKE4 Good watch It is a watch puma simply of showy red color. It is not weighed, for chance exits. Recommend . .
B005ADOKFI Great Watch! Great design and durable. Good for normal day at work or to go out on a date or something like that.
B005ADOKFI good for the price and the look nice watch regarding everything except that it broke up from the first day but maybe I tightened it too much
B005ADOKFI Randomly quit working!!! I've had this watch for about 2 months, it quit working the other day, figured it was probably the battery so I took it in to a local watch shop to get replaced.  The tech put the new battery in without any success.  He then proceeded to put in my old battery and my watch started working again for about two minutes before stopping again completely.  Don't waste your money.
B005ADOLJ8 Great watch for a lower price Excellent watch, perfect size and weight. Some parts have a premium chrome finish. The belt has an inlay that gladly.
B005ADOLJ8 An Alright watch nothing great I bought this watch a while back. I used it veryyy often. The watch itself its working perfectly after being underwater, gotten hit, thrown etc. The only bad thing I have to say is that the chronograph wasn't working well and the band broke off after a year of use. (You can't buy the band and replace it)
B005ADOLJ8 love it i love my watch i i am fan number one I am used  brand PUMA for years and i love it
B005ADOLJ8 Classy watch with a sporty look and feel I like this watch quite a bit.  Easy to "program" and easy to read at just about any light level.  I like my Puma products and this watch was a great purchase!  The rubber band is quite durable and nothing feels loose or cheaply made.
B005ADOLRU Nice casual watch Like the title states this is a nice casual watch that I generally wear when I know I'm out doing things that could damage a more expensive watch. Also it goes very well with the Puma Esito Classic Sala IN shoes that I bought at the same time in white with red. Hey you gotta match sometimes. The watch is pretty comfortable when its worn so no complaints there. The watch looks great and its cheap what more do you need.
B005ADOLRU Nice Watch This is a very nice watch, a bit large but it is perfect if you like the seize. The description was very specific and complete. I recommended it.
B005DPOMBU Beautiful Watch!!!! Very Classy!  Goes great with any blue or light shirt, sock and so on.  It Beautiful.  I'm always styling and matching
B005GKXXE4 Not what I expected. This watch is not what I expected. I have owned 2 other heart rate monitor watches, Timex and Suunto, and I preferred both of them over this Puma watch. Maybe it is exactly what some people are wanting, but it doesn't calculate calories burned or record anything. You can only see your heart rate at that time. It also doesn't have an alarm, another feature I am use to having on a digital watch. Again, I'm sure some people don't care about it and don't use it, but I was expecting an alarm at very least. I guess this is why it was so affordable! It is a fine watch, just not what I was wanting.
B005GKXXE4 What? A watch and a heart rate "monitor" This combination watch is very useful for running, exercising at the gym, and/or working around the home. It comes with a wrap-around-arm band to monitor your heart rate, but the watch can itself can function without it.
B005GKXXE4 Great Watch Great overall product.  I've used this watch almost daily for 2 months including at the gym.  Its held up well and only shows a littls discoloration around the edges from dirt.Reason for the 4 stars is due to the fact that I thought it was strapless, but it is not.  The chest strap is on the thinner side and unobtrusive under workout clothes, but a strapless monitor would have been better for me.  Would definitely order again in other colors.
B005GKXXE4 Didn't work for me I ordered this watch to have a heart rate monitor that would be somewhat stylish.  It did not seem accurate for me.  I would have a pulse of 65 then about 2 minutes later it would say 225.  I typically have a high heart rate but it does not fluctuate like that.  I returned it and will keep looking for a different one.
B005GKXXE4 Trendy Heart Monitor Watch Bought this watch because it was one of the least expensive and best looking watches I could find.  The heart monitor is a Polar so it worked with all the machines I use at the health club so I don't have to look at my watch.
B005GKXXZI looks great the watch looks great.  it's not a very expensive watch, and it doesn't feel like it...the dial is very good size, and the way it's set up with the buttons on the 'top' of the watch your hand/wrist doesn't hit the buttons like my other sport watches.  The buttons are made of cheap plastic and doubt they'll take a big beating at the gym or doing lots of manual labor/landscaping/whatever but if you are looking for a very nice looking watch with basic functionality this is a nice buy for around $50.  The one I have is all black with red puma logo on the strap...very nice watch.  i'd recommend it.
B005HPJU22 Great. Great watch for great price. I have my watch for 1wk washing my hands constantly. Still working, still ticking an
B005ONTJPA Puma everyday watch Nice watch, gets a lot of attention. I purchased because of rubber band, I needed for work. Watch was a good value
B005PGUDS8 Great watch I bought this watch specifically for it's color... however, it turns out it's a fantastic little watch. It's lightweight, waterproof and eye catching. It's also very easy to tell time on, and the yellow accents on the side add something special too :) I'd happily buy another in a different color in the future. Also, it's packaged very well in a sleek black box with a silver Puma on it, so it's very classy looking to give as a gift.
B005PGUDS8 Great Puma watch I just got my new Puma watch in the mail today. I love it! It looks just like it does online and I got it for a great deal. I love the vintage looking design in the blue and yellow. Thank you Seller!
B005PGUYFK Pretty watch, my daughter loves it! I bought this for my daughter and she loves it so what else can I say. It is a nice, vibrant shade of pink with an attractive dial face.Great watch, good price and I would recommend this item
B005PGV9LS Fine Product...odd listing. The listing says, "Puma Multifunction WHITE Dial Women's watch" which is not exactly correct.  The product is pictured correctly-yellow...and that is what you get.  I didn't mind which color I received but the next buyer should be aware of the difference.  Overall the watch if easy to read, easy to set and fits a variety of wrist sizes.  No complaints on the watch.
B005PGWUT8 Awesome I had some reserve about buying a watch for my boyfriend online...as he is really into watches. I took the chance and when it came the watch was better than expected!! It's so nice and he loved it. YAY!Just to let you know, which was not a problem actually a plus in my case, the face is the &#34;over-sized&#34; style that you may have seen other watches have. I like that style. But not to worry, it is not big and gaudy. It's perfect.
B005PGZOLY Love it! I'm a girl and I love big watches, this one fits that description to a tee! My only complaint with it is how fast the band got dirty. I'm having a hard time keeping it white but otherwise this is a great watch!
B005PH4T28 Love it Great weight and style. Just what I needed. The price was also right. Would recommend to others interested in a casual watch.
B005PH4T28 THIS IS A STEAL, should be $150+ As I have said in the title of the review, this watch is nice enough to be sold for $150 or more and it would not be overpriced. Several things I want to talk about: 1. The picture is kind of misleading, the hands look brown, but are actually silver but do look brown in places of uneven lighting. Also the bands look like a very light color silver, almost a blander white-silver. It really isn't as light as it looks in the photo, only when lit evenly with strong lights, intentionally. 3. The dimensions given are true to heart, super exact. The case is about as thick as an avg. pencil, the links are actually kinda thick, I like the heavy style but some may not. 4. One last tip, the buckle has a safety clasp, it will NOT break,so don't feel nervous when opening. Overall this watch is beautiful, I also love the long red second-hand and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good quality, attractive, and cheap watch.
B005U4EFHK Great looking Watch!!! First of all let me tell you this is a great looking watch, if you are looking for a watch &#34;sporty casual&#34; look like this is it!!. The case size is great (50mm). The red color looks amazing and the silver case shines great even in not so bright places; People have told me it looks waaay nice.The watch comes with various PUMA logos all around it,  including the watch strap. you can wear it with a shirt or a t- shirt and still looks cool. The price is great for this PUMA watch.NOTE:I live in Mexico City  so i saw this watch in a PUMA Store. The watch was around $240USD, i loved the way it felt and how it looked; so i decided to make a product survey on the web before purchasing it. I found this at amazon and the price was around $77USD so i decided to investigate the shipping cost and taxes to bring it here to Mexico. the overall price including taxes came up to $90 USD. That is to say i was willing to pay $240 bucks for this watch.
B005UDSC4S what time is it? time to buy this watch. its a bit big, but works great and so slick. oh its for a girl? even still it suits
B005V0JEOC PumaWatch Watch arrived in the box with instructions and undamaged. The watch was as described when I bought it.  Everything went smoothly.
B005V0JEOC Puma rockin sporty watch Very cute and easy to maneuver , and set timing, like using this to time my sets between reps. Love the fit.
B005WXOWSG Nice n cool Great watch even cooler when you get it out of the box, has nice engraving on the back &#34;Pole Position&#34; and its comfy as well
B005WXOWSG Small face It is indicated as a man's watch but... the watch itself is tiny, color is whimsical (pink dials) that it might as well be made for a woman. I am a medium built and wrist circ is around 7 inches and I love big face watches. I like the watch color combo, it has thinner wristbands and it looks feminine for once so I am keeping it.  I worn the watch on the 4th hole (at the end) and yep, I don't think this will not fit a wrist circ of 7.5 inches and above.As usual, the watch is already running when I received it - I noticed this with puma watches. There's no telling how long the battery will last on this one before it will "die".  For the price, it's a good buy.
B00633QB6A Nice I bought this watch for my girlfriend and I think she is going to love it, because the design is amazing and is a really classy watch I am pretty sure that she is going to leve it.
B0066AJR1Q like it a lot! This watch came in the mail one day late.  It is also a lot thicker than I though it was going to be but that's about all I can complain about!  It's a really pretty color and does everything I need it to do and more, like giving the first letter of the day of the week and the date.  Very easy to program/change...didn't even read the manual.  Again, all I wish is that it was a little smaller but i'll be keeping it!--1 month later--I'm still pleased with this watch except that it is showing a lot of wear where it is under my wrist.  The blue is turning into an off-pink from being worn so much.  And actually, I take it off when I work out, shower, and sleep so it's really not undergoing a huge amount of stress.  Because it's Puma, I would've thought it would be more sporty and tougher, especially with the price that I noticed has gone up $15 since I bought it.
B0066ALBZ6 Exactly what I wanted! The colors are great. The watch is great. I have never loved a watch more than this one. It's simple, yet fun, and it's perfect for every day use!
B0066ALBZ6 Nice Watch I bought this watch for work and it does the job.  The instructions that came with it do not include how to change the time to military time (which I use at work).  Also the watch itself seems much bigger than the pictures show.  Overall its a good watch, just a few things to know before buying.
B0066AN0FA Great Watch and Easy to Clean Love the color and size.  The display is very easy to read and program.  The watch is easy to clean.
B0066BAW96 Love Good product, reasonable price!The watch is Good and ideaHave a beautiful and modern.Friends, I like it very much.
B0066BAW96 Nice watch but kinda too big Nice watch but it has a big face... Too big for me as when I got it I had to return it.
B0067LD0B2 Puma Watch Designers Should Work for Rolex Can't tell you how many compliments I get from this and other watches from Puma. Hey Amazon, do I get a referral when I tell them all &#34;less than $60 on Amazon&#34;? :-). That's what I've been telling them.
B0067LHGR6 Overall very pleased! I have been happy with this watch, I have had it for a couple of months now and it has shown no signs of wear or any problems. It is a very fine build quality and feels heavy and durable. It is heavy in a good way. This watch is bigger than I anticipated, but I have sort of small wrists. I do recommend buying this watch!
B0067LMAYA Puma Stripe Watch Really nice watch by Puma. Everything is just the right size. Dial is about 1.5 inch diamater. Yellow accent is a nice touch, noticeable but not in a bad way at all. Easy to set, easy to use, get compliments about it all the time. And, it works with just about everything in my closet.
B0067LMAYA Really nice sport watch Really nice watch! I like how the armband merges with the body. Armband material is soft rubber-like material (maybe silicone?) but seems to withstand mild abuse. Watch material is black metal. Black watchface with yellow arms and logo looks really good!
B00686QXHY Really nice watch I have had this watch for a few weeks now and really like it.  It is comfortable and I really like the watchband.
B006GCOMA0 dream band been looking for an affordable watch for quite sometime to match may casual orange bag and shirt .... and this is the answer. i love the style, the make. thanks to the selller, it just arrived on time. yes, this is great to wear everyday.
B006P92UKS Can't see the details of the strap in picture I ended up returning this item, simply because I was looking for black on black. It was a gift for my son, who is in the military, and it was important that nothing about the watch would potentially give away his position. The strap has metallic blue flecks not visible in the picture. (Unsure whether or not they are all the same.) Otherwise....nice watch.
B006P92UKS Good but now great The watch itself is pretty good.  The features work, the alarm is nice and loud and consistent, and it does everything it should. My one issue is that it arrived with a small scratch on the screen.  Ive had the watch for about three weeks and the screen scratches extremely easy.  Its not too noticeable but it is annoying at the same time
B006QQ1C5E No Good !!! Bought this expensive shoe. When I got it too small now all i can do is look at it. Cant get it returned so my money went down the gutter. The only looser here is me. Watch Out you might be too.
B006SZ5F5G Bad Hi .... At first I really liked this watch, but ultimately proved to be of very poor quality and not think it is the original brand, water fall and just stopped working, the screen is cleared, it seems very bad product that unfortunate, not recommended
B006SZ5F5G Puma watch fit is good. quality is good. color is good. I really like the brand & added this watch to my collection.
B006SZ5F5G Nice watch I bought this for my 9-year old son and he loves it.It's little too easy to press the button accidentally, and my son comes home with wrong time on the watch, but otherwise, it's pretty good for the price.
B006SZ5F7Y Five stars for watch. One star off for band. I was looking for an artfully designed watch with a simple but large digital display, and the Puma Fuse definitely delivers on that.The display is also set relatively deep in the watch so that it is slightly sheltered from direct light that might make otherwise make it hard to read.  There is a very cool illumination at the touch of one of the four buttons -- so I don't expect to encounter many situations where I can't read the display.I would describe the initial set up (setting time/date etc) of the watch as slightly more confusing/awkward than usual, but no big deal.I am taking away a star because the band is not infinitely adjustable and not replaceable.  I am also concerned that the "plastic peg into silicon hole" fastener is unreliable and will wear out relatively quickly.  The band and fastener design is clearly shown in the Amazon video of the watch on a rotating stand; make sure you can live with it before you buy.  (I can, and I think the watch is a good value at Amazon's price.)This is a large watch, but the design and the black on black color scheme make it seem less so. I don't like humongous watches, and I am happy with the look of the Puma Fuse on my wrist.  The Puma logo is very cool.Some of the photos show a white patch at the upper right corner of the watch face.  This is definitely glare: the watch face is uniformly black except for the logo and numerals which are basically the same shade of grey.My review is based on having paid less than thirty dollars for the watch on Amazon.
B006SZ5F7Y Good product, good price. Very happy with the watch. It's simple, fairly easy to use. I was worried about the band before I got the watch, but in fact it works very well.
B006SZ5F7Y Great Watch!!! Inexpensive watch for my son and he loves it.  It's actually a great watch for a 10 year old since the band is rubber and the watch is molded in to the band.
B006SZ5FA6 Great watch I had a hard time finding a simple digital watch for my husband who has dementia and requires a watch that he can read numbers and just numbers and this is it!  It just has the time nothing to confuse my husband with.  Thank you PUMA!
B006SZ5FA6 it was good but too slim this watch was too slim and flat! i said: it seems a toy watch.. i think i'll review detailed dimensions in a future.
B006SZ5FA6 Small Low Profile Very nice watch, much liked the flat screen low profile look to it, almost like the Casio F91W-1.Although NOTE: there is no stopwatch nor any alarms for this watch.
B006SZ5FA6 Not worth it. Delicate and useless It said it is water resistant but, totally stopped working when it was little bit wet. Called the customer care which is hopeless. Dont buy from this dealer and dont buy this watch.
B006SZ5FCE A neat watch. Bought this for my stepson who is down syndrome.  It is an easy watch to read and manage.  Love the style and the price.  Again a great deal with Amazon.com
B006SZ5FCE Birthday Gift for 10 year old grand son My daughter told me that my grandson liked this watch and that it would make a good birthday gift.  It arrived yesterday. It comes flat on a thin puiece of cardboard and has a plastic cover to protect it.  The numbers are very large and so is the watch band.  Hope that my grandson likes it.  Surprised it did not come in a box!
B006SZ5FCE Great watch I love this watch for its simplicityWorks great all the time fits about any wristA really good watch
B006SZ5FWE Excellent! Very nice, no problems.The watch is resistent to w&aacute;ter. The material is excellent and the block too.the recomend.
B006SZ5FWE Nice watch, and did not take long to receive. I like how it fits. If you read the directions, you will figure out to set the date, time, and etc. It's a nice watch to use. It is water resistant to a certain level of water pressure as it says in the box, but it is good some rain. Overall, it's a good watch.
B006SZ5FWE Cool Watch Neat watch that works well. Very basic, good price. I was surprised that it even had a background light. Good deal.
B006SZ5FWE Comfortable, sleek watch The watch was a little bigger than I was expecting (I'm female) and the shape is a little odd, but I am definitely enjoying my new watch. I love the white color and simple Puma logo. The wrist band is very comfortable because it's just two buttons that fit into the wrist band holes. It did have one malfunction where the time stopped working correctly but I haven't had the same problem again after I reset it. Very simple watch but great look!
B006SZ5FWE puma watch awesome watch for a gift. arrived on time and was in great shape. I would recommend this to everyone who is looking
B006SZ5FWE Nice transaction. I bought this for my nephew to wear at his new job. He really likes the watch and finds it very handy and easy to use.
B006SZ5FWE Band is simple and unique and works well, watch is ok. Its pretty good for the price. BEST part, and have not seen it on any other watches, is the way the band clips easily together.  Worst part, buttons often get pushed accidentally.
B006SZ5FWE Puma men's watch A gift for my grandson, soccer player, he loved it! Very good looking watch! I ordered the white one & it was shipped early!
B006SZ5JCK Less then a week after I purchased this watch it was $30 cheaper! The watch looks and fits great, but it didn't come with any instructions! It is set an hour later and I can't figure out how to change the time. What really bothers me about this product is that I paid $100 plus tax, then less then a week later it goes on sale for $70! I would have given the watch a higher rating if it wasn't for that. Now that I know it's worth $30 less then what I paid for, it's just not quite as appealing. I paid for a $100 watch and got a $70 one, not as cool.
B006SZ5JCK Easy to use, Does what it says it will. First off i was looking for something to help figure my calorie consumption, which this does very well as along with the why it monitors the heart rate. I am a pretty good sized guy and the belt could still fit a even bigger person. The belt fits up nice and snug, and you can hardly tell its even there.Now a lot of people have said that its hard to use or hard to see the screen. First its not rocket science, but you do need to be some what technologically inclined. As far as the screen goes I can see it perfectly fine, and not squint or anything to see it from a distance. I got the black watch with the Puma colors (green and yellow) even though I ordered the white one amazon sent me this one instead. Which I am not unhappy about because a review said that the white tends to get dirty.I would recommend anyone that has a interest in tracking heart rate and calories burned to get this watch I use it mainly for when I go on my bike rides and it works great. So I'm sure if your a runner it would be just as great. Great product and defiantly cant beat the price for quality.
B006SZ5JCK Excellent Product! The watch arrived speedily, and in excellent condition, and the quality of the product is greatly recommendable to anyone tenacious enough to persist with a disciplined regime with constant use of the digital watch!
B006SZ5JP2 good watch but not overwhelming this watch is good but not outstanding to start with it is sent in a plastic and cardboard sleeve no box not very impressive the watch is very easy to set unlike other digital watches the display is easy to read and since it is flat the fit is very comfortable since this was around forty dollars you are paying for the puma name overall this is okay but not outstanding
B006SZ5MN6 It's a nice comfy watch Comfortable, easy to read, looks nice but the only negative is its strap material it tends to attract dust. Otherwise I love the watch, specially the colour combo.
B006SZ5MN6 Very good basic watch It is exactly as you see it in the picture. Smooth on the rest and very minimalist which is the point for this kind of watches. I recommended for those who are not looking for the illumination feature.
B006SZ5MN6 Love this watch Great watch! It fits well to a small size wrist and the dials are easy to read.  Very happy with purchase.
B006SZ5MN6 Loved my watch! ;) I loved my watch, excellent price and looks so pretty. I am extremely happy with this purchase. Good product, fast shipping, great price. Thanks!
B006SZ5MN6 Nice watch, especially for the price I bought this watch for my girlfriend and she really likes it.  It looks nice when she wears it and she tells me how comfortable the strap is. She has banged it a few times already but it holds up pretty well.
B006SZ5MN6 perfect This watch is perfect, it is exactly as shown in the picture, the rubber is soft so it doesn't look like a plastic watch. The pink details make it femenine and super cute!
B006SZ5MN6 CUTE/COMFY WATCH! I was in need of a new watch and found this beauty. The band is soft and comfortable, the face is sporty, yet somewhat dressy/casual. NOT dressy, but very practical for most daily functions. I find it very nice looking. Keeps excellant time and is comfortable to wear for long periods of time. I would highly recommend this great looking watch for the price!
B006SZ5MN6 Love it, but needed more information on the product before purchas I bought this watch after doing some research on the Puma website because I needed more information and it stated that this watch was water resistant up to 50 meters.  When I received my watch today I read all the information that came with it only to find that the watch from this site is only suitable for hand washing water exposure.  I am a nurse aid and really needed a durable watch for my job I was so excited when I found this one it's nice, simple, and durable all except that it's not water resistant like I need it to be.  So disappointed!!!!  Amazon did not give enough specifics on this product, and I got wrong information from the Puma company.  I do quite a bit of shopping on amazon but this may very well be my first return.  Please make sure you ask AMAZON about their products they are not always the same as what is sold on the brands site.  Hope this is helpful for someone else
B006SZ5MY0 Exactly what I was looking for This watch is the perfect size, it is incredibly comfortable, quiet and goes with everything. It is perfect for work and I love it.
B006SZ5MY0 Looooove it! Love it!! It definitely fulfilled my expectations. Size is perfect for the type of watch, came perfect in the packing, came on time as well.
B006SZ5NAI Love IT! Perfect fit with woman, and perfect size. beautiful color! The only problem is that do not has light! Amazing watch!
B006SZ5NAI Very comfortable and sporty Love this watch! Soft and comfortable. One of the small pink bands popped off though. Otherwise this is a great casual/sporty watch.
B006SZ5NAI It is a good watch. It is a good watch.In addition, I would like to purchase the following promotions.I believe Amazon.Have a nice day with.
B006SZ5NAI Love this watch All my watch are gold plated and this is my second time that I have a rubber watch and since I got it I like it hope it will last and water resistant as the description says
B006SZ5NAI Excellent and beautiful watch The color is amazing, it fits very confortable on my wrist and the watchband is soft. I really love it!!
B006SZ5NHQ Blue & Orange Watch For people who love orange, this blue watch with orange accoutrements is just the thing for everyday wear. The orange dials pop and catch your eye. I love this watch!
B006SZ5NHQ love my watch from Amazon.com Recently I have started to get bruises on my arm when I wear any watches with a metal band. This watch works fine for me. No problem! The color is great and it keeps perfect time. Thanks Amazon!
B006SZ5NHQ Shipping wasnt the best The watch is great! But it took like a week to get it. Other than that was awesome. I recommend it.
B006SZ5NHQ Beatiful Watch This was a gift for a friend and she love it... in fact she asked me to buy it for her. So far, it's a nice fashion watch. Girls go for it.
B006SZ5NHQ very nice my girlfriend love this watch, is small and compat...she will love it, plus you can see it is durable, thanks
B006SZ5QUU I love it This is exactly what i was looking for...a simple, easy to use and sporty watch and it is exactly as shown
B006SZ5QUU PUMA Men's PU102881004 Bubble Gum Analog Watch Very good watch, I like everything about it!!!Nice color and good quality for the price! Went for a swim with it couple of times and no problems detected :))
B006SZ5QUU Very good price! The price on this Puma watch was very low, so I was concerned about getting a cheap watch. This was not the case. The watch is very modern and sturdy. I'd recommend this to anyone in the market for a sporty looking timepiece.
B006SZ5QXM love it! My husband is very picky and he loves this watch. He works in place where a normal watch would get damaged easily. so far this watch is holding up. and it is not flashy overmuch, which my no frills hubby appreciates.
B006SZ5QXM Looks Nices I like the looks of this watch.  Its soft plastic outershell really sticks to your shirts and coats when putting it on.  The extra strap also comes out of the 2 holders easily.
B006SZ5QXM Very chic! Just what I was looking for my boyfriend... Perfect sense of style and class makes this watch a fabulous wardrobe accessory! He LOVES IT!!!!
B006SZ5QXM Good Puma Watch I recommend this watch however the band is somewhat short.  It is good quality and a good brand.  But it.
B006SZ5QXM Great Watch I bought this for my husband who is not much of a watch/jewelry person- he loved it. He also said he gets lots of compliments on the watch. overall great buy for the price.
B006SZ5QXM Not worth the price For the price that you are paying, the watch is not worth it.  First, it's not completely waterproof in that you CANNOT go swimming or take a bath with it (showers seem okay).  Second, the second (farther) rubber piece that holds the wrist strap from dangling constantly moves and doesn't do its job. Had I known this, I would have not bought the watch.  Spend your money on something more practical.  The only reason I didn't give it one star is because it does look nice to me.
B006SZ5QXM Nice Its a nice watch, but for my taste is rather small.. It's good presented and packed. Puma is a good trademark.
B006SZ5QXM Got here quickly! The watch got here very quickly, it's just too bad I didn't end up liking the watch.  It's not that it was inaccurately described, I just don't like the look.
B006SZ5QXM Awesome watch I love this watch its perfect to wear at work or school. the reason i gave it a 4 star instead of a 5 is because its not waterproof, you cant wear it while u r taking a shower, but u can wash your hands with it on.
B006SZ5QXW This watch is beautiful This was a gift for my husband. He likes watches and these are the kinds he likes: sporty that you can wear in every occasion. He said it&#8217;s very light for its size (it&#8217;s a big watch), hands inside are pooping out nicely on the dark background and with Puma brand you cannot go wrong.There were other colors: orange, yellow and white but I liked this one and my husband did too. It is battery operated and a price is very affordable.I would definitely recommend this watch to that special guy in your life.
B006SZ5QXW Silly to seek dead batteries Why sell me a watch with a dead battery? That doesn't make me happy at all.  I love the watch other than that one issue.  It got to me quickly.  But it doesn't work and not in the mood to go get it taken care of, I'm busy.
B006SZ5QXW Five Stars Nice watch...looks sharp. Face easily scratches so be careful.
B006SZ5QXW Have every PUMA Bubble Gum watch My husband is obsessed with these watches and as of Christmas, he has five &#8212; lime green, red, blue, gray and white. They are comfortable, affordable and he is always getting compliments. He's a pediatrician at the children's hospital so he always wears scrubs. These watches are the only thing he &#34;changes up&#34; in his outfit and they are extremely comfortable at his job. Plus, the kids love the bright ones! Stop hesitating and buy this watch. Some companies sell them in the upwards of $60-100+ and I'm not sure why. I've always purchased them for $30-$40 here on Amazon.
B006SZ5R1S great watch I chose this watch for work since I work in healthcare the rubber base works better for my long shift than my metal watches I love this watch
B006SZ5R1S Brighter than pictured This watch is as described, but the colors are much more vibrant. It's more of a dark coral bordering on neon pink. It is soft, so conducive to exercise, and it seems to be made well.
B006SZ5R1S Disappointed I like the look of the watch, but when I went to pull and turn the knob it came out. I was able to push it back in and it did work but now it doesn't work at all, very disappointed.
B006SZ5R1S nice watch nice watch..not quite the color in the picture..it is more of a red shade.not pink .need to be careful in wearing it for this glass is a bit high and I already got a few light scratches on it. like other colors of this watch..
B006SZ5R1S No doubt, very cute and comfortable wristwatch. I went on a business trip and during my stay I misplaced this watch at some point, because I loved using this watch so much, had to come back and order another one on amazon. The strap is really comfortable on the wrist and the fact that it is rubber makes it very convenient for daily use, plus the color is so cute. The rubber strap is very sturdy and flexible at the same time. I'm happy with this product.
B006SZ5R1S Bubble Gum the color of this watch is so nice, fit me perfectly and is so comfortable. Look gorgeous when I wear it.
B006SZ5R1S Just okay... I'm sure thisis a nice watch, but I sent it back.  The color wasn't &#34;red&#34; and it was a bit too small. I have small wrists but prefer a watch face of 35-39mm.  I also didn't like the feel of the rubber watch band.
B006SZ5R1S A great watch This watch is comfortable to wear, easy to read and a super price. I've gotten several compliments on it. The colorIs just as pictured and can be worn with almost anything.
B006SZ5RYU Nice Watch Good looking watch... even knowing that it is not a good water proof watch i use it in every pool and beach parties...Looks great!!!
B006SZ5RYU Compliments often For such a cheap watch, I receive frequent compliments on this one. It's great for casual occasions or in any type of sport related function. I went with the all white (which looks awesome) and it has stayed completely clean the last 2 months. Any kind of small mark on the band has wiped right off. Definitely pleased with my purchase.
B006SZ5RYU Good product! Good product. I bought it a year ago and still works like the first time. It is a simple watch, low cost, ideal for use with sportswear.
B006SZ5RYU Review Order this watch directly from Puma and it came broken. This purchase was great and work right out of the box.
B006SZ5UOM Great! Great watch!!!! really cute and as always puma excellent quality is present... it looks a little smaller than the pics but no complaints... totally recommended,
B006SZ5UOM Wrong watch delivered twice Instead of the watch pictured, I received an ugly black faced watch with the numbers 12, 6, and 9 with fake gems inserted in the numbers.  Contacted Amazon to send the correct watch.  They sent the same ugly black watch overnight.
B006SZ5UOM Tabs review The puma watch did exactly what I needed but was a bit bigger than I needed. Aside from this it was fashionable and sporty all at the same time.
B006SZ5V3C more suitable for woman size It is labelled as Men's watch but it is more suitable for woman. Overall, it has a good design. Unfortunately, the strap is made of rubber.
B006SZ5V3C One of my favorites of my watches. I love this watch! It's sporty, yet classy. The only thing is you may need to replace the band after awhile. It is white silicone; however, I am okay with that and it may clean well with a damp cloth. Definitely recommend this watch if you like white watch. I do have a collection of watches this one just stands out with me.
B006SZ5V3C Wrong size I bought it because I saw the picture and there was a big gold watch. Sadly its a tiny watch. I really lost my money here. The picture its a trap. Really fake picture.
B006SZ5V3C I like it so far... I like watch its good one...but it's rubber strap that only negative I can say..it's have good look.what we pay
B006SZ5V3C This is not a men's watch. Previously Amazon had this watch listed as a Men's watch. "PUMA Men's PU102742003 Wheel Analog Watch" The barcode sticker on the box also has it listed as a men's watch.The watch is nice looking, but the size is so small that no man would wear it. Not even my 13 year old son wanted to wear it. My 11 year old daughter loves it, it has replaced her Swatch.
B006SZ5VQO loves the watch my wife loves the colour but needs the hands to be a bit brighter to stand out from the watch face
B006SZ5VQO Puma Watch The face is a little bigger than I'm used to and it sits pretty far off the wrist. I love that it displays the date! Overall it seems really sturdy and I can wear it every day without it wearing out which is exactly what I was looking for.
B006SZ5Y98 Great Style! This watch has great function and style. I get compliments all the time. I have many other watches that are much more expensive that don't get the same attention. I did not give it 5 stars for 2 reasons. The strap is a bit awkward and it only has a 5 bar rating so no swimming or shower.
B006SZ5Y98 Good one I realli lije this watch, although I think it looks better in the picture, anyway, it's for my brother and he likes it!
B006SZ5YBG This Puma watch is awesome I LOVE this watch.!!!!!! Very comfortable and just the right bezel size .! The black band is soft and dose not shift on my wrist.
B006SZ5YBG Good watch Its a good watch , more beautifull than the picture and also good quality, Its a original  Puma watch, its pricey  but has the value
B006SZ5YNO not working after a couple of days very nice watch, fits perfect, looks gourgeus and the price is a bargain, but is only for casual and sporty situationUpdate: august 3,2013I really don't understand how something like this could happen, the watch is beautiful but after a couple of days STOPS. Unfortunately I live in south america and I can not return this item  because is too complicated for this price, but it is a shame how Amazon could sell something like this. If you are looking for a good watch don't buy this, it is a fraud
B006SZ5YNO Gorgeous!! This watch looks gorgeous on the wrist, as gorgeous as a Porsche design watch!! very nice sporty look, it even looks better in real than pictures. the rubber strap is so soft and and feels very nice and comfortable on the wrist. recommended.
B006SZ5YNO Awesome!!! This is great looking watch--I've gave it 5 stars because it looks great to wear and much better than the online pics.
B006SZ5YNO Good watch. Looks great, has an attractive design. Goes well with casual or sportswear. Would not recommend semiformal or formal clothes. As expected there to take care enough of abuse.
B006SZ5YNO Looks and feels great This watch has a sporty look. The straps are rubber but doesn't feel bad. Overall it is money well spent
B006SZ5YNO great looking watch/ batteries don't last great looking, feeling watch.Battery died within 2 weeks, replaced and new one died in two days.Would really like to wear this watch more often, but can't keep replacing battery.
B006SZ610O A Nice Watch This is a nice watch, but there is a serious design flaw.  If the band breaks, there's no replacing just the band, you have to replace the whole watch.  Now I can be as wasteful as the next person, but for the price that this one costs, you would think that they would have made sure that it wasn't going to end up in the landfill within the year.The bells and whistles work wonderfully and it hasn't made me breakout since I received it.  I appreciate the fact that I can set the alarm on the watch and it holds time very well.Other than that one problem, I really don't have any complaints about this product.
B006SZ610O Nice sporty watch I really like this watch! I was a little fearful that it would look too masculine since it says it's a men's watch, but there is enough pink around the face to give it a girlie feel. The color combination is really nice, however the neon green tabs that hold down the buckle become a bit discolored with wear (not a big deal). Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase.
B006SZ610O Not a good product - toilet paper more water resistant I washed dishes with this watch on and it leaked and stopped working.  Caution do not purchase this Puma watch.
B006SZ610O A good watch... link to PDF manual. I like this watch - Feels good and it has an easy to read face.  The micro print directions are kinda crazy I used the internets to learn how to program it - The manual can be found at - puma (dot) com/time/support (choose FAAS)All and all its a good watch I happy with it.
B006SZ610O Great watch! Exactly what I was looking for...everyday watch and a watch to use to track my running.  Large numbers that are easy to see.  Other than the length of the band, I'm not sure why this is a men's watch, as the colors are more like a women's watch, but I'm not complaining.  I love it!
B006SZ610O This watch is NOT 51 mm This watch has great features and styling. However it states that this watch is 51mm which would suggest a larger timepiece. This watch is in the no larger than 42mm. This watch would make an excellent large women's timepiece but is on the small size for a men's timepiece.
B006SZ610O Great watch! I usually get this weird red rash when wearing watches when I workout. Keep this watch a little loose, not too tight and its perfect. Love the look, the light weight feel and the color. If you want a simple watch that is sporty and will not interfere with your activities this is the watch.
B006SZ610O Easy to read, large watch face The watch face is larger than it appears on the sales page.  Very easy to read the numbers and manipulate the buttons.I would recommend this watch for track and distance runners looking for a low-end but very functional timepiece.
B006SZ610O Odd-looking colors, lack of features and functionality, Timex Ironman is much better Puma FAAS Digital WatchThis particular watch was purple/pink/neon green. From the Amazon product page, the watch looked blue/red/green, and was advertised as a Men's watch or unisex. I honestly have to say that under white light (like sunlight or a true-color fluorescent light), it is very purple and pink. I wish I had gotten the black/green FAAS watch instead.The resin bands are well-ventilated near the wrist and have grooves to provide adequate ventilation. The watch is extremely thin and light-weight, and is very comfortable to wear throughout the day in the office or during a run. The watch offers some nice features like a lap timer, chronograph, alarms, and two time zones. Oddly, the second time zone allows you to change the month, day, year, and time. So T1 would be the present, and T2 could be years in the future or in the past linked by the same seconds.Here are some of the negative aspects of the FAAS watch. There's no way to go into silent mode. Each time you press one of the buttons, it makes a very loud and audible BEEP. That includes activating the back lighting! The back lighting is also very dim compared to my Casio G-Shock and Timex Ironman watches. I mentioned the odd colors already, but I feel it should be noted again. The waterproofness is also pitiful with the FAAS. It is rated for 5 bar, which means you can splash water on it when you wash your hands. You can't take a shower or bath with the watch. My Timex Ironman is rated for 100 meters, or approximately 10 bar, while my Casio G-Shock is rated for 20 bar. The FAAS pricing puts it in-between the Ironman and the G-shock, so it is rather pitiful that the FAAS is advertised as a sports watch at about double the price of an Ironman that is rated for more waterproofness. Although, one could argue that a runner won't really go diving with their watch - but what about a Triathlon participant that has to run and swim? With the 5 bar rating, Puma only allows for the watch to be splashed with water and not to be worn in the shower or a bath!The packaging is eco-friendly, which means they print the instructions on the cardboard box. I really like how Puma is eco-friendly with their products and don't mind it. Although there are lots of complaints about the overly small text on the packaging which is hard to read for older consumers that rely on bi-focals.For the price, the FAAS isn't that great of a watch. I'd highly recommend a simple Timex Ironman watch because it has the most bang for the buck and is far more durable in specifications. If you want to spend a little more for a sports watch, Casio's G-Shock line is even more durable with more waterproofness and some models offer solar recharging and Atomic clock synchronization at a decent price. The FAAS would be a better deal if it were less expensive, had better waterproofness, and came in more traditional colors (purple and pink aren't exactly my idea of Men's colors or even Unisex).Overall: 3 out of 5 stars. The price isn't that great, inferior waterproofness rating, odd colors, but it is lightweight and easy to use for running with very large text and loud beeps.
B006SZ610O Great, easy to read dipslay... PUMA Men's FAAS Digital watch has a lot of great features, but the best, in my opinion, is the large easy-to-read display.  If you have hard time reading smaller displays, the large numbers on the face of this watch will be a big plus for you.  However, if you do have trouble reading smaller print, you might not be able to get much past setting the time and date on this watch, because the print on the manual is very small and hard to read.This watch comes with a lot of useful features: dual time, dual alarms, lap counter, chronograph and countdown timer to name a few.  The band is comfortable, breathable and flexible - although it really needs a few more notches for those who have large wrists. The backlight does a good job of illuminating the display at night, and the color combo on the band and the watch face is attractive and sporty.Although the watch is recommended for 'vigorous workout activities', the watch face scratches quite easily.All in all, a good quality watch for the athletic man.
B006SZ610O Nice sports watch. One caveat on the instructions. This is a good sports watch.I think the biggest hurdle this watch has to overcome is the instructions. Not only are they not well written, they are TINY! Check out the image I've uploaded with a penny sitting on the instructions. Also, since English, French and Spanish are intermingled (instead of being put in their own section) it's even more confusing.You're better off going to PUMA's site. (Amazon doesn't permit links posted in reviews. Search Google for "puma faas instructions" and find the Puma site's "time" support page. They have a PDF of the instructions there listed as "FAAS 200, 250, 300 Watch Manual".)These are not more thoughtfully written, but at least you can make the text large enough that you can see the words.But enough about the poor instructions, how is the watch?To use the watch, you DO need to figure out how to set it up. If you've set up other digital watches, you'll eventually figure this one out too. Then the watch can be judged more accurately and I have to say that I do like it. It's very light-weight. I think it looks nice. (A friend of mine calls this my "Captain America Watch".)  I appreciate the 2 time zone feature which is handy if you travel frequently.I find the alarm a bit on the quiet side, but it works.There is a data function which will store your laps and split times. It's pretty limited in my POV. It feels like a watch function that hasn't progressed since the early 90s. There is no way to get this data out of the watch and with this simple digital display, it's not very user friendly to use the data feature.Should you get this watch? At this price, it's not promising to be a revolutionary watch. It's a nice looking digital sports watch. It definitely delivers that.
B006SZ610O Delighted This watch is easy to read and easy to operate. My central object was to have an easy-to-operate stop watch on my wrist so that I could time my walks and runs. This watch fills the bill. It arrived set to the right date and time. It works just as I hoped it would.To go from watch to stop watch, hit the lower left button (MODE). To start the stop watch, hit the upper right button (START/LAP). To stop the stop watch, hit the lower right button (STOP/RESET). To reset the stop watch, hit the lower right button again. To get back to the time of day, hit the lower left button (MODE) four times. Perhaps the Puma watch seems intuitive because my last sports watch worked roughly the same way. One warning though: Out of the box, the watch beeps every hour. For light sleepers, the beeping can be a disturbance. Consult the user's guide for procedures to stop the beeping.Of course, the watch performs functions in addition to those I've mentioned: keeping time in two time zones, recording laps, counting down town; none of which features are of interest to me, although they may be of interest to others. If a had to name a negative, the negative would be that the documentation warns against showering or bathing with the watch on--so, no wearing this watch 24/7/365.The Puma watch is comfortable and, I think, for a sports watch, attractive. Whether the crystal scratches easily, I can't yet say, but so far, Dee-lighted. If I could give it 4.5 stars, I would. I think the non-bathing element deprives the watch of a solid five-star rating.
B006SZ610O Nice watch but... Overall a nice watch, especially the lap and data features.  The silicon wrist band is nice and sturdy, the display clear, the buttons easy to use. What disappointed me mainly was the fact that based on Puma's own description this watch cannot handle water well and from a sports watch I expect more. Also, the time display has the date without the month. True enough, one should know which month one is in, but still, I prefer a complete date. Also, the timer has no true reset meaning that if it is set to, e.g., 10 minutes, and then supposed to be changed to 5 minutes, one has to to increase to 99 to go back to 0 and then to 5.  If you miss that you got to do that again. Annoying. The manual was one of the worst I have ever seen.  To save paper it was printed on the cardboard inside the box. Black on dark brown.  And how do I put it in a binder? The instructions were also rather unclear. So, if the lap feature is the main issue I would say it's a great, impressive watch. But other than that I was not too impressed.
B006SZ610O 5 stars for Style, 3 for functionality/waterproof... I have been wearing this watch for the past few weeks.  I prefer Men's watches for the larger face.  The best thing about this watch is its clear and large numbers.  The face is extremely easy-to-read.  The strap is also ventilated which makes it more comfortable (read: less sweaty wrists) to wear in the Summer months.  The styling is nice too.  I have gotten quite a few complaints on it!  The grey color with red accent is a classy look.  On the negative side, it isn't waterproof.  In fact, it even advises against taking a shower with it on as it is rated only 5 bars. Despite the warning, I do shower with it, with no ill effects (so far). However, you should do that at your own risk.  Finally, it's functions are very simple eg timer, chronograph.  If you are a serious athlete, you would probably want an Ironman.  I would say that this watch is "fashion over function" which is what I was looking for.
B006SZ610O Really Good Sports Watch This athletic watch from PUMA was a big hit with my sports minded son.  It is comfortable to wear with a large, easy to read front.  It was easy to adjust for his smaller arm, but also has plenty of room for a larger arm.  Here are some of the features we really like:* A lap timer- My son likes to run, and this watch will allow timing of multiple laps- up to 49- and then a comparison of the data.* A glow function to see the time in the dark* Multiple alarm functions* A Count Down and Count Up timer featureOur only complaint is that the setting up was a little hard to figure out, compounded by multiple languages all written in a teeny, tiny space.Once we had it set up, though, we were both very pleased with the quality and functionality of the watch.  I could definitely recommend this one!
B006SZ610O 5 Stars!!! This was a gift to a runner and he loves it. It is the perfect statement watch with dual functionality.It is very useful and VERY worth the money. Money well spent!
B006SZ610O 3 1/2* Yes, it's feature-loaded, but so are Leggo's and Playskool tool kits. If you're not the superficial type, the somewhat cheap, plastic-looking (OK, it's not technically plastic, but very snthetic and looks it)housing and dayglow colors beg one to not take this watch seriously.However, that would be a mistake, because the features *are* useful, especially for those who want to use the multi-function stopwatch/lap (up to 49 laps). Other functions I appreciate are TWO dependable alarm settings (not too loud, not too soft), "regular" and miltary ("Roger, that's 14 hundred hours, Captain!") displays, light watchband with venting holes (yes, polyurethane does have its advantages...), two watchband keepers (those things a belt or band goes through to stay put) data display capability--this just means you can review your lap/split times.The other MAJOR problem (inherent to some extent in multi-function watches) is related to the instructions, printed in relatively small print on a cardboard inset.  The instructions are somewhat complex, they're condensed because of space limitations, and more diagrams would have helped. Over time (no punintended...) AND if you use it enough, eventually you'll memorize how to actually *use* the functions; until then, make a photocopy and keep it in a safe place!I feel it's only fair to ding this product for its high price/appearance ratio and challenging instructions. Perhaps it's not realistic, but this looks like a 30-35 dollar watch, rather than a $50 and up watch (depending on whether there's a sale).  If money is not an object anyway, I'd prefer a more "professional" looking watch, but perhaps years of living in a suburb have made a snob out of me...
B006SZ610O Fashion statement! The Puma Faas Digital watch is attractive!  Clean, simple and surprisingly elegant for a cheapo looking watch.  The Puma logo is easy to see from further out so you can proudly show that it's a PUMA Multi function watch- not some super cheap plastic abomination.  And multifunctions does this watch have!It's got a nifty lap timer for the runner in all of us! (And by all of us, I mean all of you... Perhaps one day I'll try this running thing but not now, friend. That Big Mac is giving me googaly eyes from the corner of the room.)It's got a super special Back light for telling time in the dark! Or if you enjoy said running in the dark and wanted to see the lap time you just got.Count down timer! Yes, Forward and back.  How awesome!But to be honest, the best thing about this fine piece of time telling sexiness is the Polyurethane band.  Ever wear a watch for a while and took it off to be blown away by that offensive smell of stale sweat on plastic? Swatch Watches that covered a forearm from the 80's anyone?Yeah, this puppy is poly. No smell. And that just might be worth the price of admission!Highly Recommended!
B006SZ610O Sport In Style There is no question that when it has came down to watches, they have never lost trends and have been for just about everyone. PUMA has really made some excellent watches that compete well with Casio's G-Shock watches and bigger brands like Invicta and Citizen. This PUMA FAAS Digital watch is absolutely no exception. This is a very comfortable watch that is easy to setup and comfortable to enjoy on the wrist. I like how simple and comfortable it is on the wrist, and is sometimes easier to setup than most of the other digital watches on the market. I do wish though it would've been a little less expensive though. Still with PUMA, what you wear is what you get, and it is definitely worth the money.Comfort: BPrice: B 1/2-Overall: B
B006SZ610O It's great My husband loved this as a Christmas present. It was a little bigger than I expected but is great for a guy's watch.
B006SZ610O More functional than attractive For me the PUMA Men's PU911011005 FAAS Digital Sport Watch is more functional than attractive.The watch is especially designed for serious runners. The specialized features include an auto calendar, a timer with a count-down stop, repeat, and up function, an hourly chime signal, dual daily alarms, a back-light and a 50 lap memory. The watch also has a unique duel time countdown timer that allows you to view your individual lap/slit times for the duration of the exercise.The polyurethane band is made for increased lightness.  The inside design has perforations to reduce contact with the skin allowing for increased breath ability.Although I like the large display for easy reading and the super slim breathable design I found the watches complexity and many instructions intimidating.The PUMA Men's FAAS Digital Sport Watch was made to celebrate the upcoming Olympic Season."Faas", (which means "fast" in Jamaican) refers to the relationship the Brand has with the Track and Field Jamaican Federation.
B006SZ610O Puma FAAS The FAAS comes packaged in a oddly unattractive box, upon closer inspection, you will find an explanation from Puma stating they cut many corners in the packaging dept. to cut costs. The biggest problem with their efforts in this area is the package print.....the font is WAY to small. And the instruction manual !! lol forget about it, better break out your high power magnifying glass. Frankly, it just looks cheap. Sorry Puma you lose a star for taking that idea a little too far.OK, once I got past that I was pleased with the watch as it IS a great multi purpose piece that is highly functional, comfortable to wear & good looking.What i like right off are the big bold display digits allowing you to process all the information in a quick glance. This is a major selling point for me. Day, day of month, time & seconds are all displayed in a large easy to read digital display, I also like the multiple ventilation holes & grooves along the inside of the band that allow airflow to dry perspiration. And the dual band retainers do a good job of keeping the band in place in even the most rigorous & demanding activities....I was wearing mine while punching a heavy bag so it CAN withstand repeated shock without a problem. And the watch is so lightweight you can forget you are wearing it.One must exercise caution in regard to the face of the watch as the lens is plastic & WILL scratch if it comes into abrasive contact with hard surfacesThis watch is packed with functions to facilitate serious athletes & runners in their quest to be their best. The watch is rated 5bar water resistant, adequate for most conditions you are likely to encounter in nearly every sport. I find the color schemes to be eye catching yet they do not scream for attention, another major selling point scored. It also has a nice aqua marine back light for use in the dark.All in all the watch stands pretty tall, & is the 3rd one of these types of Puma sport watches i am happy to own.
B006SZ610O If you want simplicity, buy this watch! I have been looking for a long time for an inexspensive sports watch. I wanted something simple, light weight, readable as well as attractive and this watch fits my needs perfectly.
B006SZ610O Good looking, lots of functions, wish the instructions were more clear So few people wear watches these days as they prefer the modern pocket watch, the cell phone, over the wristband model. I love watches, they are not only functional, but can be considered a fashion accessory as well. So I was delighted to receive the Puma men's FAAS digital watch.Although the Puma FAAS watch is made for men, I find it's colorful style and simplicity looks good on me. Although I prefer the analog form over digital, it's military time function is rather cool. And it has the date, day, time and seconds on an easily readable face with a push button for lighting.The watch also has 2 alarm settings and a lap timer. Now, I was able to figure out the alarms, but the timers are more elusive. The instructions, bless their heart, are written in tiny letters. Not only that, for each function explanation there is an English version, immediately followed by French and Spanish. Each time. So, the explanations are broken up and very hard to follow. When I accidently set the watch to beep with each new hour, I thought I would go crazy. There were no instructions concerning this. So, I kept pressing buttons until that function disappeared.I like the watch for it's looks and breathable wristband style, but it's a good thing I don't need to use the timers, because I can't figure them out.
B006SZ610O Good Watch with Poor User's Manual This is an okay watch with a user's manual that is hard to read because of both the way it is written and the print size. Once I figured out how to use the watch it works okay but figuring out how to do so was aggravating.My Search for A Readable User's Manual.The instructions in the user's manual that come with this watch are so small I could not read them. I do not need reading glasses and usually am fine with most instructions. I called Puma to see if I could get help and was told to call another company that I believe distributes the watch for Puma.  I got a voice mail.I then went back to the Puma website and found the User's manual online. It is at at [...].I still was a bit confused about a couple of the features at which point I called Puma which said the user's manual was not on their website. I explained it was and even told the person where it was but I was again told to call the number where I got a voicemail.The instructions are somewhat confusing.  They could have been written better.  I finally figured out how to set the watch but it took me longer than any other watch.I then tried to print out the instruction manual but the print comes out the same size as the unreadable print in the manual that came with the watch.  If I need to figure out how to use a feature on this watch I need to go on my computer and go to the website.The WatchThe watch looks good. The blue band and base looks good.  The red circle around the grey dial looks nice. I am not crazy about the yellow color of the push buttons that are used to set the watch and use the features but they are easy to use.  The band feels good on my wrist.The time and date are easy to read. The lap feature works fine and is easy to read and use once you get the hang of it. The timer feature works fine as well. I have not used the alarm feature.The PackagingThe packaging is eco friendly and has stamped in big letters that it is "half the box I used to be."  It is not good for storing the watch. I wish it was less eco friendly and more usable to store the watch.OverallThis is an okay watch with a poor instruction manual and not very knowledgeable customer service.  The person from Puma I got on the phone did not even know the instruction manual was online and referred me to another number where I got a voice mail.  If you are looking for a user's manual that will tell you how to use this watch then I think you will be disappointed. If you have used watches like this before and know how use them or if you have exceptional vision then you won't be disappointed.I had a hard time deciding whether to give this three or four stars. The watch does what it says it does, and looks good, so I gave it four stars. If I based this more on the poor user's manual and poor customer support then this watch would get three stars.
B006SZ610O Runner Likes It This is a great watch.  I love the large display so I can see the information while running and don't have to have my reading glasses.  I really liked that the packaging was kept to a minimum.  I liked that the instructions were not in some book with tiny print and lots of pages.  I thought that putting the instructions on the box was very clever but once you throw away the box, you throw away the instructions.I liked that the band had 2 band clasps so those of us with smaller wrists can wear the watch comfortably.  The watch is very light weight and the material works well for long sweaty runs.  The digital display works well in bright sunlight.
B006SZ610O Easily scratched Not a big fan of the interface choices (Timex has more flexibility and ease of use). Also, I got a major scratch on the face of the watch within a few days. Don't remember doing anything hazardous, so I believe that the design + materials lend itself to damage
B006SZ610O Nice watch but not "mens" colors I think Puma should seriously consider discontinuing the color combination for men. Purple and pink for a mens watch ...really. And whats worse is that the image does not do a good job in showing how "girly" this watch really is. The image kind of indicates a gray/red combination which is totally wrong. As far the watch goes, it is a pretty good running watch. Super light weight and has a nice feature to track separate track times. This is good to wear in a private gym when no one is watching you but definitely not a mens watch to wear in a public place.
B006SZ610O Pleased with purchase Happy so far.  The band is comfortable.  Face of the watch is not too big.  Plenty of useful features relative to the price of the watch.  Wouldn't hesitate to recommend or get one as a gift for someone.
B006SZ610O Nice sports watch This is a great little sports watch. It's very thin and light-weight. You barely feel it on your wrist. It's easy to read (and has a backlight, should you find yourself exercising in the dark one day) and the buttons are big enough to be pressed easily even while you're on the move. There's a lap timer and a countdown/countup chronograph. The design is very distinctive - personally, I love it, but I could see it being a bit too flashy in terms of color contrast for some people, so make sure to take a good look at the pictures before ordering. My only complaint is that it's a bit tricky to figure out how to adjust the time and the alarm and so on - usually I can just figure these things out from experience, but in this case I had to read through the teenie-tiny instructions that are printed on the cardboard enclosure that the watch comes in. I know they were trying to be environmental, and I'm all for that, but it would have been nice to get a little card with those instructions to keep around, rather than having to try and read them on the brown cardboard. Still, that's a minor complaint - all in all this is a very nice sports watch.
B006SZ610O Lives Up To Its Claims I procured this watch for my son who is a very active runner.He is very happy with this watch. The large face is easy toread. The perforated band is comfortable and limits perspiration.All of the features work well, as descreibed by Puma:"Auto calendar, timer with count-down stop, repeat and up functions,hourly chime signal, dual daily alarms, backlight and 50 lap memory."All in all, this is a great functional watch, and it is highly recommended.
B006SZ610O A very good watch, great for runners and endurance training... This wristwatch is for runners mainly, although it can be used for a multitude of other sports-related activies such as strength and endurance training.  As an example, most cyclists will have little or no use for the count-down timer, but the normal timer function will serve its purpose.The faas sportwatch is comfortable to wear, and very light.  When running, it's easy to forget that the watch is strapped on.  The large font size on the face of the watch makes it east to read, and with the glow function, it reads easily enough in the dark.The specifications of the faas sportwatch stipulate that it is water resistant up to 5BAR or 165 feet.  This may be true, but judging from its construction, I wouldn't take the watch into the shower with me, much less immerse it underwater.  It may be rain resistant or sweat resistant, but if anyone has ever used this watch to swim or dive with on a regular basis, I'd like to hear about it.Like several other reviewers, I found the user's guide too difficult to read due to the small font size used in the printed material.  To be honest, I discovered a few of the main functions on my own and I'm sure there are at least a half-dozen more I don't know about. Hopefully, I can find a readable .pdf file on the PUMA website.For sports training, this is a good quality watch, there is no doubt.  While I'm not sure that the retail price of the wristwatch/timer is quite on par with the materials used to house the timepiece itself, this is a highly specialized item.  For most people, the puma faas sportwatch will provide better support for examining the results gathered from certain types of athletic training.
B006SZ610O Good Digital Watch Puma Men's watch is very nice and comfortable. I got it for my husband to train with since it is digital and offers multiple features. I don't think he prefers these colors, it's more of a purple tone than the grey tone as pictured but it works great, seems comfortable for him and performs as expected from the PUMA line.
B006SZ610O Nice Alternative to an Ironman I had this watch since 05-30-12 and I use it almost daily during my workouts.  It has great packaging and the instructions are part of the box so it's hard to misplace the instructions when you need it.  I have used it for running, swimming, and cross training.  It has a large face that's easy to see the numbers and the watch is very easy to use. It has an EL back light, stopwatch with laps, countdown timers, and multiple alarms.  So far I have enjoyed this watch and had no problems with it.  I would recommend this to a friend.
B006SZ610O Great running watch once you figure it out I haven't worn a watch on a day-to-day basis in years, but I almost always wear a watch when I'm running. I've had a few with varying levels of satisfaction, but this one really does it for me. The buttons are a little complicated at first - I read through the instructions (printed on the cardboard packaging inside the box - really nice "green" touch) a few times before I really understood what was going on. But now that I've got the hang of it, I find this to be the easiest running watch that I've had. The start/stop functionality is easy to handle and the numbers are really large so you're not spending a lot of effort trying to get the numbers in focus while running, starting, or finishing. I don't really use the lap/data features but I have tested them and they work pretty intuitively. Also, it's just a comfortable, cool look watch, which is also a huge plus.
B006SZ61CC Digital Readout There is no question that people these days want trendy watches with anything that they wear. Especially for those who lead a much more active life. For PUMA, they have made some really good watches that have definitely been worth their while. Their FAAS Digital watch is no exception. It really handles very well with a easy to read digital display. It definitely fits very well, yet it still isn't a watch that you could just go swimming with, because it does have a light water resistance compared to Casio with their G-Shock watches, only 50 meters compared to Casio's 200 Meter watches. Still, it is much more comfortable to put on, and definitely holds up well. It is worth checking out, and a great buy for anyone who wants a nice sporty watch, and something different than what is currently out there.Price: BComfort & Setup: B-Overall: B 1/2-
B006SZ64BA Not worth the money ! thought this would be a great everyday watch and i would get at least 3-5 years use out of it. turns out that after owning the watch for less than a year the strap on the watch simply split while wearing and the watch fell off my hand. I have searched endless lee for a new strap and cannot find a replacement...Grrrr.... what a big fat waste. I have to spend another 50 bucks to buy a new watch....
B006SZ64BA NOT WATER RESISTANT This stated it was 5ATM; which you should be able to use in water. But it is only resistant to &#34;washing hands, raining and splashes&#34;. Bummer. Cute watch though. Everything else was as described.
B006SZ64BA Wife likes it I bought this for my wife. She wanted something comfortable and easy to see the time. She wears this instead of her every day expensive watch when she plays tennis.
B006SZ64BA puma is the best i love my watch it is the best an i highly recommend it to any one adults and children alike
B006SZ64BA Perfect Replacement I have been wearing a watch on a daily basis since I was in 7th grade, about 12 years ago so I have some knowledge as far as watch-wearing goes. I have been through many watches in my day because it seems easier to get a new watch than replace the battery at some point in the life of the watch. The last watch I had before this was an Adidas Wooster, I absolutely loved it and although it was water-resistant I took that puppy off any time I went near water because I wasn't taking any chances. I had to replace it only because my dog ate the band rendering it unwearable otherwise that baby is still going strong! Anywho, I decided upon this watch because it is more feminine than the Wooster and looked a sleeker. I have only had this for a week so I haven't any cons so far, except the learning curve on how to work the timers (three different types).I have read a few reviews with people putting the watch's water-resistance down because it isn't approved for anything other than rain sprinkles and light splashes but it doesn't put me off any as I always remove my watches when I jump in the shower. So unless you are going diving or are incapable or unwilling to remove your watch to protect it from water I would move onto another. The one thing I did like was the packaging the watch came in, normally packing doesn't impress me, but this was different. The watch came in a box made from recycled material with an explanation on Puma's choice to change packaging. Overall I would recommend this watch to anyone looking for a sporty watch with a large display, this one also has a soft greenish backlight for seeing the time in the dark.
B006SZ64BA Nice watch I don't like that it's not water proof and it doesn't tell you that prior to buying. The instructions are impossible to follow and I had to go online to figure out how to set it. My biggest gripe is that anything that has colour wears off onto the watch and it's difficult to get off.
B006SZ64BA Wife loved it Bought the watch for my wife. She wanted something sporty that she can wear outside of work. She was very delighted how neutral white looked with her non-business close. The watch looks really good on her.The only drawback is that water resistant only means that she can wear it while she is washing dishes (I don't force her to wash, we have a dish washer) and not while swimming.
B006SZ64BA Great Watch. Has it All. Love this watch. I have fairly large hands for a woman so this watch fits me well. Many women's watches look too small on me. Fairly easy to figure out settings.
B006SZ64BA Nice-Looking Watch But Too Big I wanted a women's white watch and the PUMA FAAS Digital looked like it would meet my needs.  The watch was much bigger than expected - it looked like a man's watch. When I tried it on, the watch face was so big and clunky that it looked out of proportion to my wrist and hands. (I am average build.) When I tried to tighten the band to keep it in place, the excess strap just stuck out.  Not a good look.  I returned the watch.
B006SZ64BA Great watch overall My boyfriend got me this over 6 months ago and it's held up well, better than several $60 sports watches I've gotten in the past. I actually, you know, play sports in it, get it wet, etc and it hasn't been a problem. The two bands that hold the free end of the strap in place actually do their job too, which is nice since the strap usually breaks first for me. And all the additional modes work as expected.I do agree with the reviewer who says it's fairly wide across for a women's watch but I knew that going in (do check the diameter measurement!). It's really low profile though so it doesn't stick out from your wrist too much. I also haven't figured out how to silence the beep when you change between modes, but that's just a small annoyance.
B006SZ64BA Like it. My only problem with the watch is that it is rated 5 bar for the water resistant aspect of it.  The manual that comes with the box says that 5 BAR is okay for washing your hands and rain only.  (No swimming, bathing, showering, or diving)Otherwise, it has a large display so it is easy to read.
B006SZ64BA Good, quality sports watch for the price This watch has more functions than i will ever use, so I can't comment on the differen lap functions. The instructions printed on the box were worn so it was difficult to read. However, it is a well made and attractive watch to use for exercise and even just everyday wear.
B006SZ64BA Too plastic, not comfortable This watch is pretty and kind of cute, but it is very unconfortable to wear and specially to put it on and off. It works fine, but I feel that all sports watches should be water proof. Not only water resistant.
B006SZ64BA Nice watch, very light! I like the watch but the functions are hard to figure out.  Setting it wasn't easy and trying to use the other functions was hard too.  I also didn't see that there were operating instructions included with the watch.
B006SZ64BA Great for nurse I am a nurse and this watch is great! large, easy to read face with date and time. Easy to clean at the end of the day, which is important in the medical field. I bought this after I noticed 3 other nurses on the unit had the same one. That says something. The description says its a women's watch but I am a man and it fits fine.
B006SZ64BA Awesome watch! I am a registered nurse and ordered this watch to use at work. I like the fact that the seconds are displayed at the bottom of the screen individually and very easy to read. I have it set it on 24 hr time since we use this at work. This watch displays the day of the week and month date on the top part of the watch, which is very helpful. it is very comfortable and has a large display, making it super easy to read. The light is also very bright, which usually is dim on other popular watches. As other readers have suggested, this is not for extreme water use; it can only be used for washing hands, nothing else. No biggy for me, but just make sure you know this before you buy.Overall, I am very happy with my watch; if you are looking for a stylish and useful watch, this is a good pick!
B006SZ64BA Bigger than i expected I have decided to keep the watch, but it is much bigger than I expected.  I wouldn't call it a &#34;women's&#34; watch due to the size.  If I had seen it in a store, I wouldn't have purchased it.
B006SZ64BA wife loves it!! Wife is a nurse and she mentioned she needed something with second count down, this watch is perfect.  looks great as well.
B006SZ64BA Basic Watch My wife wanted a workout watch. I got this for her and she loves it. It looks nice on her and she also uses it when out running around. Good Quality
B006SZ64BA Nice fitness/casual watch It is exactly what was expected. Nice active wear watch. Has multiple functions, and had a backlight function that's handy in the dark.
B006SZ64BA great watch This watch is awesome.  It is light in weight, thin, lots of adjustable holes (my wrist is very small so I can make it very fitted or a little looser) and easy to see.  My only complaint is that I sweat a lot underneath the plastic band.  However, I always sweat a lot and it is very very hot where I live.  My 18 year old son complimented this watch on my arm - that is high praise!  Easy to program too.
B006SZ64BA Great watch! I bought this watch for my wife, and she absolutely loves it. It has a stop watch, looks great, and it light weight. Great watch!
B006SZ64BA My wife loves this watch. I bought this watch for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. It's well made and looks great too.
B006SZ64BA Love it! The watch works in all of the ways I bought it for. I love the different techniques it has and how easy it is to set it.
B006SZ64BA Like it I really like this watch.  Its durable and yet stylish. Works great I haven't had any problems with it.  If you want a durable watch I would consider this product.
B006SZ64BA Beauty of a watch Just what I was looking for, --- an attractive , cool , not boring sports watch. It has a great display, and I like the bigger face. I was a little worried about the color but its better than the pictures.  I used to always go for the Nike watches, and have been looking for a replacement since they stopped making them. This one is great !
B006SZ64BA Great watch! Easy to use and looks great!  Wish I could figure out a better way to clean the band.  Otherwise it would have 5 stars.
B006SZ64BA Love it!!! I received this watch for by birthday and I have to say that I really love it.Light weight, no problem seeing the time in a sunny day (some more expensive sport watches you have difficulty reading the digits, not this one).Love the color and how it feels and looks on my wrist!
B006SZ6578 Doesn't do what it says on the tin Not water resistant.  A couple of laps in the pool and moisture was trapped and watch stopped working.  Perhaps I got a fluke.
B006SZ6578 Great fun watch! Nice watch - just as expected - ultimately didn't really need it - more nice to have than need to have - colors are beautiful looks just as pictured.
B006U9LTO6 Cool watch All the functions are just fine.  I just wish it were slightly more waterproof.  Don't take it in the shower.  We noted that, so we won't.  Most important, it looks cool!!!
B007BLQCDA Nice watch I bought this watch for my wife who hates to wear a watch and now she never takes it off.  The good: sporty, comfortable, light, easy to read, plenty of functions.  The bad: the band is starting to discolor after about 6 months, the function buttons are easily engaged by accidental contact, the band isn't replaceable so once it goes, so does the watch.Overall this has been a good watch, it's water tight and does what it needs to do.  The most important thing is my wife hasn't lost any more of MY watches and isn't always running late.
B007H1DQ24 Nice watch This is the 2nd time buying this watch. The only reason I bought it again is because it was worn so much the wrist band was scratched up and one of the links unattached from the watch. It is really a nice watch and hard to find as well. I love this watch!
B007H920U0 Puma Bubble Gum Watch My previous experience with Puma watches has been great and this model is no exception.I like the watches soft rubberized silicone case/band with its dark face and bright contrasting hour/min/sec hands.Puma also stands by their products with a better than average warranty, especially for the price point.I highly recommend the Puma PU102881003. The item arrived promptly from the seller in great condition.
B007H920U0 Watch A really nice watch and a lot to pick from.  I went online , was easier more simple then expected, thank you.
B007SI1WWW Overpriced but sleek looking Nice, sleek looking, elegant. So, if you want to be in 'style' that is OK. And ready to pay $50.On the other side: :-( the dial face is plastic - get ready for scratches( you can polish them later), the battery you will replace eventually, only 5 Bar water resistance ( to go under shower or swim in the pool/sea you need at least 10 Bar).Would it cost $20-25 with a shipping that would be reasonable price.For comparison look at one of Casio, like Casio Men's WS200H-1BVCF Tough Solar Powered Multi-Function Digital Sport Watch.($28)Solar (battery forever), mineral glass - you need work really hard to scratch watch face, and it is 10 Bar water resist.. So judge by yourself...
B007SI1WWW Too big for a unisex watch The display is WAY TOO BIG for a unisex watch. This is a male watch. It is a gorgeous watch but unfortunately cannot wear it as it looks really ugly on my wrist. If I hadn't worn it and if I hadn't thrown away the box, I would have returned it. I am extremely disappointed that PUMA's design does not cater to women!
B007SI1WWW Nice watch, terrible instructions The watch has the features I was looking for, readable numbers, alarm and slim. For the price you get these features. However, I have not been able to remove the bip sound after you touch a button, it is extremely annoying!!! In addition, the manual is plain horrible. I am still trying to figure the data features.
B007SI1WWW Pretty Good I bought this watch for running and it does its job well. I like and use most of its features, like Alarm, Chronograph, and Time (plus two other functions). This watch looks and performs great, I'd recommend this for most other sports, too.
B007SI1WWW WATCH I like it as it looks in the pictures.I recommend it is a good product, this watch is excellent for sports
B007SI1WXQ Excellent It is very nice ,the time is clear,lightI orderd this watch for my sonAnd it becomes little big on his hand
B007SI1WXQ I love it! I use it for the gym! its a great watch, it a little hard to set up the time and get use to the function of it but after you figure it out its an awesome watch.
B007SI1WXQ Puma Watch Love it!! Not to big just right!  Goes with casual or working out! I Might get the black one too!
B007SI1WXQ nice the watch is really sweet comfortable and nice once you learn to use it it will become part of u
B007SI1WXQ Great watch, turn off the beeping! I love the way this watch looks. It's a shiny white white that has shown no discolourations so far (had for about a month, will update if this proves different). It feels a lot like my phone's white case - kind of slippery plasticy rubbery. The band has scratched a bit, but you really can't tell unless you really look for it. I love the display, it is very big, and has the day of the week, the date, the time, with a second counter. The controls aren't very intuitive, but you get the hang of it. My husband saw it, and while he usually wears $500+ watches, was very impressed and would have wanted it if it came in orange.However, I primarily bought this watch because I wanted a watch where I could tell what time it was in the middle of the night easily (I have a baby that wakes up a lot). Unfortunately, this watch beeps with every key press. I looked through the directions and turned off the 'chime' but could not for the life of me stop it from beeping. In the middle of the night, I don't want it to beep when I put the backlight on - it would wake up my husband/baby.In short, it is a beautiful watch. The display is nice and big. If you don't mind the incessant beeping, you really can't go wrong with this price. I'm keeping it despite not being able to use the light at night because I like the way it looks so much. If anyone figures out how to turn off the beeping, please post!
B007SI1XP8 Good Watch I have big wrists and the watch has plenty of length in the band.  It is quite comfortable and I often forget I have it on.  It has the look of a much more expensive watch.  It has average functions, and was easy to set.  It was well worth the purchase price
B007SI1XP8 Good watch for working out I purchased this watch because i needed a watch i didn't mind knocking around while working out.  This watch is great, it has taken a beating and it still looks and work well.  My only issue is the display is a little dim.
B00822FCP6 nice watch rather elegant watch, however puediera add the date, on the other hand, very solid, elegant and can be worn on different occasions, the band has good quality and good design and craftsmanship
B00822FCP6 Good!! Everything was great. Watch was not as big as I thought and the bands are not flexible enough to lay flat on a table.  Shipping was super fast!!!
B00822FCP6 Low quality, breaks just if you look at it I bought this watch and on the moment I opened, on the first time I was setting the correct time, the piece that adjust the time went off on my hand. Low quality. PUMA is famous for its style and design, but should be careful for its quality too.
B00822FCP6 classy My 14 year old son absolutely loves this watch. It is very classy looking and serves as a sports watch as well.
B00822FCP6 Broke while setting the time Looked OK, not great. Seemed a little cheap. I decided to keep it as it appeared like a functional sporty watch. Went to set the time and the pin broke immediately. This clearly showed how cheap the watch actually was. Returned it right away. Moral of the story is buy watches from watch companies not shoe manufactures.
B0089TIU8I Great watch, manual is wrong though I was looking for a watch that would monitor my heart rate and tell me my calories burned.  This watch does that very well.  The strap to wear around your abdomen is very comfortable, you don't even know it's there.  My only complaint with this watch is the manual has the displays wrong. It says to press S2 for some things and that's not right.  So it took a long time to set this watch up, I had to go online and see what other people did. Counts calories and HR accurately though.
B0089TIUA6 WARNING! Not water-resistant! I originally loved this watch. I wore it for 6 weeks and the face does scratch up easily.  The WARNING about this watch is that it is not truly water resistant.  Water leaked into the face of the watch and it was not visible until it evaporated.  As stated, this happened after 6 weeks of ownership which is not within the window of time Amazon allows for a full refund on this product.  Amazon would not replace the item.
B0089TIUA6 Waste of money I thought it was a gps/ rate monitor, but is not. It is just a rate monitor watch. The numbers are big and easy to read,but the chronometer's number are smaller than expected and not user friendly. Dont waste your money with this watch, spend a little more money and get a garmin.
B0089TIUA6 Love this! I originally bought this for a watch but to my surprise its also a heart rate monitor!! Um it hardly looks like a mens watch!
B0089TIVXC Wonderful This is a great looking mens watch and came earlier then expected. I was very happy with the service as well as the product.
B0089TIXEY Great sports watch, especially for the price This watch appears durable (particularly the metal bezel), fits and looks great, and is well priced. I wear it all the time, but use the countdown timer and stopwatch timing for workouts, runs, etc.
B0089TIXG2 nice but a little big I am a woman and was hoping it to be a little smaller on my wrist. I think it is a unisex watch and should have read the specs to see the dimensions first. I still like it for working out and when I have my sporty clothes on. It works great and looks nice, just a little big.
B0089TIXLM good Love the watch but it is not water proof as advertised. the website said waterproof but the instructions in the package said it is not.
B0089TIXLM Good Size and Looks! My wife has really small wrists so casual sports watches are always hard to find for her. This one is just the right size: not too big but big enough to give her that sports-watch feel. Additionally, the watch looks classy enough to wear with casual clothes and not just for the gym sessions.
B0089TIXRQ Great Value The watch is easily worth the $40-50 tag. Great band that is super easy to clean and comfortable. Lightweight but you know it's there. Very water resistant as well. Great for outdoors, working out at the gym, or hospital work where you clean your hands regularly. Good stuff.
B0089TIXRQ PUMA Men's PU910981001 Loop Steel Black LCD Watch Very classy and quality solid build for a digital watch at this price.  As the first reviewer mentioned, it's weight/feel is not bulky/heavy but also not feather lite either.  I have a small wrist and it sizes just fine.  It has a steel buckle.  The strap is not replacable since is deisgned as a single injection molded piece [being one with the case].
B0089TIXRQ Good watch I got this watch for work, and all though lately I haven't worn it much, Initial impressions are nice. Yeah it beeps whenever you mess with the mode or stop watch button, but no big deal. The dual time format helps me get used to military time also. Having the date displayed as well comes in handy when doing paperwork.
B0089TIZ56 LOVE hate Relationship Dont get me wrong this is a beautiful watch but the issue for me is how heavy and bulky it is. You dont really get a sense of what your in for until you open the box to wear it. Its great and everything I would want in a watch except the plastic or rubber-like band makes for a sticky and uncomfortable wear on hot days and also keeps moisture under it so its kinda gross. The plastic band easily scratches and doesnt buff out and I was thinking of replacing the band with a metal one but when you see the two blue notches on the sides of the band, you take them away and its a completely different look and doesn't hold the same beauty as it does with them.
B0089TIZ56 beautiful, but not a very comfortable watch It truly does surprise you when you open up the box! But you can tell that Puma is not a watch-making brand. The watch is really nice, but its band is really not handy. Such a bulky watch needs a more easy band to work with. But compared to its price, it is well worth it.
B0089TIZ56 AWESOME & STYLISH WATCH!! This was a &#34;just because&#34; gift and my husband LOVED IT! It's sporty and makes a statement when he wears it. Great quality and unique styling. Just note that the &#34;winder&#34; is on the OTHER side of the watch (it's supposed to be!). My only complaint is the cheap box it came in. It didn't close very well and was cardboard.
B0089TIZ56 excellent watch I just love this watch. it will tell your personality.i also like the way it built.Superb sexy and hot
B0089TIZAG Color is HOT PINK I bought this watch for a friend, i thought it was black with red, when the watch got here it was hot pink, that is the only complain i have for this item.
B0089TIZAG Super Slim, Simple, Beautiful This watch is so slim that it can almost be used as a bookmark.  The band is very comfortable.  The numbers are in negative, so that the screen is black and the numbers themselves are lit by the backlight.  (I do thus wonder if it uses more battery power.)  My only sure issue is that the large face can be easily scratched...and already has been, within a week of owning it.
B0089TIZBA Beautiful! I loved the watch, it's perfect! Fits perfectly! Perfect size, I loved the balck and yellow combination and the rubber wrist has details that I didn't expected and turned the watch more beautiful than!
B0089TIZD8 Five Stars I loved the quality off Watch
B0089TIZDS overPRICED I never owned a lefthanded watch.. I didn't like it... I didn't think this watch was ugly its actually pretty cool but for the price not worth it.. I got one used for 50 bucks and still thought I over paid so I returned it. This watch is more of a 20 dollar - sold on the floor of any dept store watch- than a displayed behind the counter watch. Don't mean to crush this watch because I liked it but its not worth the 50-100 dollar retail price they are asking for...
B0089TIZDS Looks good but has mechanical issues I love the look of the watch but it has yet to keep time.  Only wearing it as jewelry now.
B0089TIZDS cool watch Very large face for a watch. I got this for something to wear to the gym. I smacked it pretty hard on a piece of equipment and NO SCRATCH. So I was pretty happy about that, pretty tough face. Plus I love the fact the bezel faces inward. Cool watch overall.
B0089TIZDS Low visibility in low light? NO DUH! IT'S A MATTE BLACK WATCH WITHOUT A LIGHT...stop complaining Awesome, my customers always ask me how much it was, who made it, and where they can get one. Hard to read in low light (uhh...no duh) because it's matte black and there isn't a light button. Seriously though, just by looking at this watch, and KNOWING that there isn't a light on it, should be enough to know that it's going to be hard to read in low light. Though, who buys watches because they need to have something to tell them what time it is anymore?!A watch is a fashion statement more than anything nowadays (Unless you're on a military mission, diving, or in the wilderness...) this is a great one for the price
B0089TIZDS very good design excellent watch. very nice design and very comfortable. It is not too heavy. perfect for plus size people. the only problem is that the background is dark and it becomes difficult to see the time at night.
B0089TIZDS Overall satisfied Pros :The design is unique. Cons: the watch is a little too big. It will be better if the watch face is slightly smaller.
B0089TIZDS Super Well, I can only say only one thing, when you open the package (which is worth only to be throw to bin), you see watch which is much more impressive as in the picture.Really cool watch. Big and heavy, so if you are not fans of that, this watch is not for you. But for me - it is fantastic.
B0089TIZDS AWSOME What a nice product Puma as usual.But be careful it is a real big watch.But eventually it is as I expect. Sport watch with a good looking.
B0089TJ10Y xmas gift to a friend She loved her gift.  It looked better than the picture.  I do hope the batteries last long.  Over all great looking watch.
B0089TJ12C too big! I bought this watch and it did not tell how big it was. When I received it... It was too big!
B0089TJ12C Broke right out of the box The peg popped out when I tried to set the time and rendered the watch useless.  I dont know if it came used or what, but I would not recommend
B0089TJ12C Love the watch if it worked Got this watch for my husband for Christmas went to set time and it doesn't work he really likes it but not any use if it doesn't work
B0089TJ14K Great Christmas gift This watch is a Christmas gift so too early to tell if he will like it.  Based on my observation, the watch is nice and perfect for the active man.
B0089TJ14K Great looking watch I love this watch and it looks great as a casual and clean watch.  The red is very nice and not to flashy but very nice with the white and silver it will stand out!I do wish the rubber loops that hold the exes band wasn't so tight cause its sometimes hard to take the watch off but that's just a personal preference
B0089TJ14K Very nice watch for the price Overall, this is a really nice watch considering the price. The band is very comfortable and, while I am not usually a fan of large faced watches, the sleek look is great. I wouldn't spend $100 for it but at $70, it's a decent price (I actually got mine for $45, so you might want to wait on a deal). The watch shipped ahead of schedule and was well packaged. Very satisfied with my purchase.
B0089TJ14K Nice watch It is a nice looking watch but only after two wear,It's already dropping time that was a bit disappointing..
B0089TJ16S too big and sticky band this watch is way too big to be a woman's watch. the band is sticky and nearly impossible to close.
B0089TJ190 GREAT DESIGN! Excellent, original, different, simple. It's a really nice watch and the price paid was even better, I totally recommend it.
B0089TJ190 I love this watch, elegant and sporty Perfect, I love this watch, I did not think It would be so accurate in keep the right time, besides that I have received a lot of compliments from lot of people, this watch meet a very true saying: &#34; Simplicity is the basis of elegance&#34;. The watch looks elegant and also sporty.
B0089TJ190 Low visibility even in day time By looking at this watch it&#8217;s hard to read. Not at night or in low light even in day time, it is hard to tell the time by simply glancing at the watch.  Because it's face and the hands are black which makes difficult to read. The hands don&#8217;t glow. Is it a watch or only wearing it as jewelry?
B0089TJ190 Great ITEM Very nice watch  ! Big size so its a watch that everybody will see. very cool model from puma.enjoy it !
B0089TJ190 Good product Really good!!its like the caracteristics.. in the new box with all the labels!! the size is prefect for mens,, it is kind of big, but perfec for mens . i really like the watch!
B0089TJ190 Satisfaction i would rate 5 star for this watch because the watch is simply nicebesides that i admire puma brand since i get to know bout the brandim satisfied with the watch
B0089TJ190 Black tips are not visible after dark The watch PUMA Men's PU102941003 Ultrasize Silver Analogue Watch is very well, but Black tips are not visible after dark
B0089TJ190 Terrible watch ever had! it is not water prove, does not allow me skin to breath, the belt make me to have rashes. Do not buy!!
B0089TJ2LW Good watch Bought this as it was in a price range I wanted the colors I wanted and it was waterproof with a large watch face. So I picked it up. No problems so far though I'm sure ill either be getting a fuel band to go with it or a Tom Tom watch later when I have more money to spend
B0089TJ2QM LOVE IT! I wanted a everyday watch and I love this watch! I was worried because I have a small wrist, but this watch fits perfectly. It is stylish, sporty and comfortable.
B0089TJ2QM big buddy Great watch at a fair price; it's just that the face is a bit over sized for my petite frame.  I like to think it helps me appear mighty!  Seriously, for a watch this durable it has nice classic style and discrete presence in the professional workplace.
B0089TJ2QM Good looking watch My girlfriend loves this watch... it looks pretty nice, has a good size and goes well wearing casual and even formal clothes
B008BBU2RG Excellent watch, an affordable price I buy this for my wife and she love it, it unize ant fits to her arm, great materials, it was all I expected for well know brand
B008BBU2RG nice watch nice color, flexible watch, missing star for not being water resistant..only resistant to splashing..not mentioned clearly in the description, other than that nice buy..
B008BBU2RG cute watch Awsome and cute watch easy to wear and perfect to do exercise. The watch it is the same as the pic is showing. Indo recommend it for sure
B008CAYJG6 Nice Watch It is an excellent watch, very nice design, youthful colors, they really liked to my daughters. It is a good item to show off to your friends and of very good quality. As much an excellent purchase and I am determined to buy more in other colors.
B008CAYJH0 Super fun watch! This watch is so fun and comfortable.  I love puma and green is my favorite color so this was a no-brainer.  The face is a little oversized which is great, I love the look of it.The only tiny problem is that the end of the strap often pulls out of the blue bands.  But it is a plastic strap so I guess that happens sometimes.Overall this is a great casual watch - I've gotten compliments on it.
B008CAYJH0 great watch!!! i love my new watch, for me is perfect!! the colour and the shape.the material -rubber- is very soft. Thank you amazon!!
B008CB1DWS Bad: Feels and Looks Cheap - Good: Super Thin/ Low profile Bad: It doesn't look and feel as cool as I was expecting, maybe because I was wanting to wear it in the office in dress clothes, my mistake. They are also small, likely for a child, I have to buckle it on the second hole.Good: Super thin and low profile, then belt is about as thin as the watch, which is nice if your lying down with your hand laced behind your head and don't want to feel your watch.
B008CSFK84 Puma Watch This watch does look very nice and is true to form.  However, it is not luminous as stated in the special features. Considering how big the watch is, it is very comfortable and feels surprisingly light. The material of the band is silicone based, allowing it to conform naturally to the wrist.  I give it 4 stars because it doesn't glow in the dark as advertised.  In short, I like it enough to keep it.
B008ENONBW Very bad ! I bought as a gift after I went back home I found it does not work and it has problem. I recommend you guys to not buy any watch from this seller.
B008ENONBW Love This Watch! I'm not really a jewelry type person, but I do really like this watch and it's very comfortable to wear. The pictures online do not do it justice, it's an elegant timepiece and is easy to read. I wear it everyday, even to the gym, and it's tough enough to stand up during intense workouts, and cleans up easily to be worn out for formal events. And I couldn't complain about Amazon's price either of $80!! Definitely worth every penny!
B008FQWKFO Excellent I am very glad with this purchase, this watch is very accurate and very striking. many people have asked me about this watch
B008FQWRX4 poor quality Not as the description and it is not water resistant.  The water get inside the watch and its not useful any more
B008FQX29M good watch Good wristwatchBut it really does not look as pretty as the pictureIt feels faint ... Relatively good manufacturing materialsBut the problem is the numbers and color electronic screen really does not seem like the photos displayed
B008FQX29M good watch the only prob i have with this watch is that it is not unisex.  it's a mens watch unless you have huge man wrists.  i gave it to my husband and he loves it!
B008FQX29M first watch I've received compliments on. It has a cool retro look. The best part about it is the very sturdy band which has a continuous design with the watch. Nothing fancy about the firmware. Very basic. The worst part about it is that the watch is very thick. More than the specs say.
B008FQX29M Good Watch The product is as advertised except that display is not as bright green as it looks in the photo, unless you turn the watch light on, but otherwise the default display with no light on is not as bright green as the the pic shows it. Nevertheless, the colour is still great, still nice smooth design, nice band, display is easy to read. Its a bit sporty, so depending on your dress code the watch doesnt fit every occasion, but if you are into the sporty design this is a good buy.
B008J2Q5EG Excellent watch for sports Nicely designed, sleek, comfortable, well-priced watch for sports and all-around. A notch above competing options (eg Timex, Casio) in the same price range. Hopefully it will last a good long time.
B008UAP610 &#1617;I liked this watch from puma more than i think caz it is sporty and it is for all it is very good watch&#1617;I liked this watch from puma more than i think caz it is sporty and it is for all
B008YCASC6 Great style and toughness Purchased this watch as a daily wearer and it has performed as expected. Rubber band is very comfortable and easy to adjust. All black design gets lots of compliments and looks good for every occasion.
B00904HT7Y good looking design comfortable though on the larger size for the face of the watch.very nice design. i would buy it again with a white face.
B00904HT7Y Great accessory, bad time piece. I wanted a nice analog watch that I could wear everyday and beat up a little bit.  I searched through all the "Sport" watches, and this was my favorite one that showed up.  This is a very sharp watch and I've gotten several compliments for it, but it's not very good as just a watch.  The time is somewhat accurate,  I find myself adjusting the time every two weeks or so; what really bugs me is the date arm.  It's extremely small and hard to tell the actual date.  I can easily tell you "it's somewhere between the 23rd and 31st," but that's about it.  I'm not sure if it alternates and skips 31 every other month, but it's pretty irrelevant because it's not precise enough to give me one day differences.  My other issue with this watch is durability.  While I admit that I'm somewhat rough on the watch, I've already had to take it in to be fixed twice in the two months I've owned it.  Both times it was one of the pins that hold the straps and clasp.  Overall, I like the watch for its sharp looks, but I just wish it would work better as an actual functioning watch.  I really can't decide on whether or not I'd recommend it to a friend; it would really just depend on whether or not he'd view it as an accessory or an instrument that tells time and happens to look good.
B00904HT7Y Nice watch but larger and heavier than i expected I received the watch in a short time. It was a nice looking watch, just like the picture. Quality of the finish and work looked very good. Unfortunately it was much thicker than I expected and very heavy. Not something I could wear, so it was returned to the vendor the same day.
B0090PMYVY Stylish and functional As an RN I use this watch daily for work.  I got tons of compliments.  I don't usually like the tight feeling of something on my wrist, but this is comfortable and lightweight.  My boyfriend even liked the way it looked so I bought the same style watch (just a men's version) for him!
B0090PMYVY cool watch Bought it for my wife, she likes it a lot.  Thought she wanted a watch for working out, but she's wearing this all the time
B0090PMYVY Love! I was skeptical about buying a watch online but when I got it I loved it. It is a really nice watch.
B0096BVIUK Good Watch - would have liked more pictures Great deal for $55.00 at the time I bought it.  The face is a little too large for my taste but it is a fine looking, well built watch.I probably would have gotten a black or white face after receiving this one with a silver/grey face.  I thought it was going to be dark grey face but when light or sunlight is directly on the face it is more like a silver/platinum shiny color.  overall great watch, great value.
B0097DQ0Z0 I always use my right hand This watch is for people that use the left hand! no cool! they should let you know! it works okay but it is so weird!
B0097EJ7M2 Good watch Very good presentation of the product, is a watch very nice who give it you liked.100% recommended very good article
B0097EJ7M2 Not water resistant - poor quality. Not water resistant. Water filled the face when only worn in shower. Quit working after 2 months of regular/normal use. Otherwise looks good.
B0097EJ7M2 Gorgeous watch but... The product is large. It looked great. However I can only adjust the actual time setting and not the other hands. I tried the manual directions and various people tried as well and it won't move. I have other watches and it moves, but not this one. I would have returned it but I didn't have time to return it and go through the process. Its a gorgeous watch and was worth the money for it. I'll exchange it next time. The date and such is not as important to me but the time. So i settled.
B009CMXOAK Looks good! Actually it looks pretty good, it has a nice size, and colors looks pretty cool, but the thing is, the piece that keeps it in your wrist, jumped off when I took it off for the first time. Didnt want to take any chances and replaced it with another one (a watch I never used).And another thing, you cant go to the pool with it, it only handles rain, and some splatters, keep that in mind.
B009CMXOAK watch puma unisex very nice watch, good presentation, convenience prices, all the information about this product was very clear. I am happy with you.
B009CMXODM Love this watch! Light, operates in 24hr time, waterproof and can be disinfected easily after handling a dirty patient!  Would definitely buy again.
B009CMXODM Too big and uncomfortable I should have noted the size of the face of this watch.  It is much bigger than I thought it would be - it is not at all feminine and the rigid band is uncomfortable on my wrist.  I was going to immediately send it back but my son-in-law suggested I try it on my wrist for a few days to see if I get used to it.  I didn't.
B009CMXODM Stylish watch I wanted a watch to wear when I have workout or very casual clothes on.  This has quite a large face which I wanted.  I haven't tested the water resistance properties but it is a cute watch at a reasonable price and I am happy with it for what I needed.
B009CMXODM I really like this watch, but... After wearing this watch for a couple of weeks, I developed some dermatitis underneath part of the band. I had even been washing the watch band with some soap on occasion with the same soap I use all the time for my hands. I didn't wear the watch for a while and when I wore it again, the same thing happened. Well, I really like the watch so after a few weeks, and no more rash, I tried once more and I loosened the band a notch and I haven't had a problem since.As far as having a white watch goes, yeah, it's not really white any more. Kind of like when you buy white shoe, it just tends to get scuffed. It cleans up some if I wash and scrub it. Someone else mentioned using those magic eraser cleaning thingymadoes. I might try that.
B009CMXODM Looks awesome Very nice watch for luxury or sport. Doesn't get very dirty for being white. I love the backlight, it looks so cool.
B009CMXODM A new favorite I wear this watch at least twice a week.  I love the huge display and the many functions it has, but it does tend to get a bit dirty easily.
B009CMXODM good looking watch Well it really looks good and seems to be nice for a sports day, another buyer said that it is a bit uncomfortable which is tru, but, what can you expect for the price? I love it anyways
B009CMXODM Too big for my wrist. They say its unisex watch, but it seemed way too big for a lady's wrist. I just didn't like the style after putting on the watch VS seeing it on amazon websight. Increased cool factor by only 2 or 3%.
B009CMXODM Puma Watch I like this watch.  It is comfortable on and really easy to read while wearing.  I also think it looks nice.I am a female with a small wrist so I have to wear it on the next to the last hole which give quite a bit of flap, but there are two cuffs to tuck the flap into so there is no problem.I would buy another watch like this in another color and maybe start a collection!
B009CMXODM puma watch review The watch is ok i just really hate the fact that it turned yellow in only the first 3 days i had it
B009RRDHIY Great deal!!! Exelent looker!!! My fiance adores this watch!!! I recommend it to any one, excellent quality!!! She's happy so I'm happy!!
B009RV2KFG Great quality watch What I like the most about this watch is that it is pretty detailed, it has little pumas all aroung the watch, sturdy, very well made and modern.
B009V0UD8Y watch I like the watch it came faster to AFG than i thought.  The only problem is it is a little bigger than what i wanted.
B009WXCKE0 Must have watch i would definitely recommend this watch to friends and family. the product was delivery quickly/promptly. i am very pleased with the service and the overall quality of the product.
B009WXCW1Q Looks amazing, but face screen got deformed within 2 months... The watch looks amazing, it's a conversation starter. It worked great for the first 1.5 or so, but then the bubbles appeared on the inside of the face screen and these bubbles obscure the numbers. The seller quickly redirected me to the Puma North America, who, in turn, gave me a number for a repair center. After 20 mins of calls/holds the Repair center informed me that they don't work with Puma anymore... Still trying to figure out what to do with the watch...
B009WXCXXI it's a nice gender neutral watch Dial is a bit large for a female watch & band seems like it would get dirty pretty quickly. f
B00A7G2GTU Works great I am very pleased with the watch. It looks and feels great. I use it daily while working out and have had no issues. I like how it cycles through split times as you view each lap.
B00A7G2HSK Great service, yellow buttons spoil fun colors. The seller provided excellent service, including return option. Unfortunately, the yellow buttons do not fit with the color of the rest of the watch -- but this is just a matter of personal taste.
B00A7G4RSI pretty watch,  good build. Purchased this as a gift for my wife. Its exactly what I was expecting. Good build, looks awesome. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a white watch.
B00APDF6ME Good watch Loving it and it is something I have also introduced to friends and family members to go and get for themselves.
B00BAO96O6 Nice watch This watch is very cool looking, lightweight and has an indigo light for night. Not complicated and easy to set.
B00BAO96O6 Very poor porduct The watch it is not working. The only thing that works it is the numerial side. The analog part of the watch doesnt work.
B00BAO96O6 Such an amazing watch! I recently bought this watch for my boyfriend as a surprise gift. He LOVED it! It is perfect for him because he is a lifegaurd and swim instructor, and the timer is wonderful. He loves that it has good water ratings and can light up when dark. This is one of my favorite things I have bought on Amazon so far!
B00BAO96O6 Fantastic watch! I love this watch: very easy to wear, to set-up, and to read. The only problem is that the analog function is &#34;fuel.&#34; This is a term I was unfamiliar with prior to purchasing this watch. I other words, the analog function is &#34;self-winding.&#34; If you rotate it with other watches like I do, then it will stop and needs to be reset. I found an easy solution, recommended by other reviewers, and bought an automatic winder which works perfectly. Even with the fuel/anaolg situation, this still an outstanding watch. LOVE it.
B00BAO96TG Woman's pedometer watch Woman's Pedometer watch has not been worn yet.  The weather has not allowed me to go outside and walk. I am 79 years old, and not able to understand a lot of the set-up instructions so my granddaughter set it up for me.  I like it and am anxious to give it a try.
B00BAO96TG Love it! I love this watch so much!  It was a little hard to set up and figure the buttons out but after that, it works fine.  It fits perfectly, all the little add ons in it work (e.g. pedometer, alarm clock).  I was really happy to find this watch and it be as good as I had hoped.  I used it hiking and been sweating or washing my hands and it got a little wet, but it still works as good as new!  Couldn't be happier with it!
B00BAO96TG How do I send it back? This is not what I wanted. I thought it was going to be a swimming watch too. But it says it is not. There were no instructions included on how to set the darn thing either!
B00BAO96TG Good watch, poor pedometer The watch is stylish and sporty but the pedometer was waaaay off. It shows steps every time your arm moves, even standing still.
B00BAO96TG Pedometer watch The watch is a bit complicated to use and not terribly feminine or attractive. it is bulky and it does not seem 100% accurate with counting steps. It will count even when you are sitting and moving your arm around.
B00BAO96TG Awesome pedometer watch Wish there was a men's one to give brother...But this is perfect for me! Steps are counted accurately and motivates me into getting healthy
B00BAO96TG Really really big! I had to return this watch because it's so huge in person that it was like a joke when I put it on.  It's probably my own fault for not being more careful and looking at the specifications before purchasing.  Please look at the description carefully and be sure you relate the measurements to your wrist.  The watch is also very deep - sits off your arm pretty high.  I never even got as far as playing with the settings or pedometer since I knew there was no way I'd ever wear it as soon as I put it on.
B00BAO96TG Hard to set Instructions to set it are tiny print and not clear.  Watch is OK, using it for other things is not very easy.
B00BAO96TG Nice big face I needed a watch that I could read without my glasses. I can even see the date! All the features make this a super watch and I could not be happier.
B00BAO96TG Great pedometer watch! This watch is very easy to program and use.  It is accurate and comfortable to wear.  I'm glad I choose this pedometer watch and I highly recommend it.On a side note, it's nice that it keeps a calorie count as well.
B00BAO96TG Pedometer moves while I'm sitting! This cannot be a pedometer watch.  It counts movements with the flick of a wrist.  Even as I was putting the watch back into the box to return it, the pedometer moved.  Not recommended.
B00BAO970Y great sports watch I use this for coaching its simple to use and very qucik to get to the stopwatch. im very pleased with it.
B00BAO970Y Great Watch I bought this for my husband who works in a pool. He uses it daily and he says it he is very happy with it. Takes a lickin' and... well... you know.
B00BAO9808 Three Stars if it is dark out  the watch is useless
B00BAO9808 Nice watch. For a simple watch it is pretty nice.  I got this formy 15 yr old brother and he really likes it.  A little more light weight than I was expecting.  Also the puma doesn't move if others have that question.  I was sure it didn't but had to be sure. Nothing to special about it, What you see is what you get.  Plus a box.
B00BAO9808 Five Stars Excellent sport watch
B00BAO9808 Wrong item The vendor sent me a mans watch instead of a lady's watch. The watch is cool but too big for a woman but since the watch was a gift I didn't care but about it , also I received the watch a little late. Other than that I can not say much about this watch it was a gift that I bought for someone else.
B00BAO9808 Horrible product Watch came scratched on the front display to the point that you can not see a majority of the numbers. Not impressed with the order at all.
B00BAO98AI Would buy again! The watch is of good quality and is exactly what I expected. The only con I can say is that be careful with the white getting dirty but I knew that going it.
B00BAO98AI Nice White Watch This is a nice looking watch to compliment casual or sporty attire. The plastic wrist band will pick up blue dye off denim if you put your hands in your pockets a lot.
B00BAO98AI Cheap plastic face. This watch looked very nice in the picture but it was very cheap looking when I received it. Although I wasn't expecting a Rolex , the watch has a very cheap plastic face. I returned it.
B00BAO98AI Great Watch Great price.  Great look.  Easy to clean and looks classy.  Only downside is the underside does get rugged looking quick.
B00BAO98FS Two Stars A cute watch. That broke soon after buying it.
B00BAO98FS Looks good, feels cheap The strap SUCKS!!!! It got dirty and dark on the first 2 days of wearing it normally, no extreme conditions, anything...I have tried everything, the dirt won't come off...I don't recommend it at all...I don't use it anymore after 3 months because it makes me look like an uncaring person.The plastic of the actual watch feels really cheap.Worst experience ever...not a quality item.
B00BAO997A Don't buy this watch. Doesnt worth the price. Just got my new puma watches and i REALLY don't love it. The plastic look pretty cheap and old and the box ive got was broken and look already used.Really not happy.
B00BAO997A Arrived on time Great watch, great price, delivery as promised.Watch little bit thicker of what looks on the picture but not that heavy..
B00BAO997A Great cool watch I got this watch because it was on sale, but i am really surprised of the quality, look and design, it became one of my favorite weekend watches.
B00BAO997A Very satisfied! This is a high quality watch I paid just under 50 dollars for. The band is nice and the watch itself is very solid.
B00BAO997A Loving it I bought this watch for my husband. He loved it. Great product for its price. Looking forward to buy more...
B00BHHL2JI Superb! Nice quality chronograph watch. I bought this for myself but ended up giving it away to my kid bro because i have a thin hand. This makes me sad...really sad
B00BHHL2JI Very nice watch but not the most practical I spent a lot of time -- way more time that I probably should have -- looking at and reading about watches before grabbing this one. At first I ordered the Vestal Monte Carlo Silver and Black (MCW025). It's such cool looking watch but absolutely massive. I wanted a watch between 42-45 mm wide but with a band that isn't as wide all around as as the Monte Carlo's. This watch accomplishes that balance. It is far classier looking than one might expect from a watch with a silicone band. Just the right size for me (I'm 6'2&#34; and 250lbs). Big enough to be masculine but not so big it looks like a fashion statement. It's a simple watch, with a standard analog time and three subdials -- minute and second stop watch dials and a 24hr time dial. Mine came with the stop watch dials uncalibrated, but instructions are included for getting everything to line up just right. The only drawback I can see so far (after owning for one day) is the fact that the minute and hour hands are black on a black background. The big sweeping second hand is yellow and, as can be seen in pictures, the Puma logo is yellow, as are a few ticks on the big dial and the needles on the subdials. While this gives the watch a beautiful and unique look, while trying to read the time I am having an extremely hard time making out the hour and minute and my eyes are drawn to the bright yellow second hand. This makes the watch excellent for knowing what second it is but not excellent for telling the time. In good lighting, this is less of a problem. But this watch will be entirely unreadable at night given the black hands and the lack of luminescence. Still, I love the watch and will be keeping it. It will be worn with suits, at the gym, on my mountain bike and pretty much all of the time. If things change, I'll let you know.
B00BHMNLSI Great watch The watch was as I expected. Wasnt as small as it seems in the photos, so thats great. The product came with no delay.I would buy it again if neccesary.Thanks
B00BM8JIYS Puma watch Comfortable to wear all day and very impressed with the colors on the watch and easy to read as well love it!! Thank you!!
B00BU08WUE Beautiful! I love this colors of this watch.  It is Beautiful!  It has the date on it, other than that it doesn't really do anything besides tell time and the date.  If you want a watch that has steps and stuff this is not the one.  If you are looking for a watch with tons of class and style you found it.
B00BWY4NZ6 Nice Watch I was pleasantly surprised by this watch. Just due to the style its' something I only wear in casual settings but it looks very nice. It's not too shiny and it has a very simple yet fashionable look to it that I really like. It's a great watch, not the best but certainly well worth the $40 (and then some) I paid for it.
B00BWY4OEQ Nice watch at a great price Great watch, looks and wears well. Very streamlined good size but not to heavy. Unique watch, lots of complements. Great price
B00C6EW87G I am very satisfied! Quality and comfortable! incredibly light! Color in life even brighter than the photo! Impossible to watch without a smile - just raise the mood only of its kind!
B00EZ6ZCHG Super Versatile Watch I recommend this product to anyone who wants a good watch to wear day into night.The oversized case is bold enough to make a statement, easy-to-read, and yet simple.
B00EZ7077K Nice watch I gave it 5 stars because the rubber material fits comfortable around your wrist. Have received many compliments because of the watch. The color absolutely makes your watch stand out and have people notice it. Has a low water resistance. Overall good solid watch.
B00EZ70DXS Wife loves this watch Got this for my wife for mother's day.  She previously had a Nike one that always had issues with the band popping out.  Being that the watch is all one piece, will not have that issue.  Nice looking watch, no complaints at all.
B00F0WTK1I Nice!!! Nice lightweight everyday watch, band is thin and light, very stylish, great price. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a everyday watch!!!
B00F0WTL3A Light, quality time piece I'd like to say that the picture doesn't do this watch justice. I took a chance to see if it would be a good watch and so far I'm impressed. It's very light though it's a big faced watch. I absolutely love the blue highlights that the watch displays. I don't usually write reviews but since it has none and it's a great watch, I want to suggest giving it a chance. You won't be disappointed.
B00F0WTL3A Quality Puma Watch Does The Job&#128077;&#8986; This watch is 100 % legit looks alot better in person and the blue tops it off to the point where i catch myself glancing to see the time more than i should lol. My only gripe is the water resistance but i knew what i was purchasing so i won't nag about it, just wished it was more resistant to water. Only because i work around water. The silicobe strap is great for work because the overall weight is light so works out just fine. I've been wearing it for about two weeks and have gotten it splashed on lots of times i just simply wipe it off and good to go, but have never fully submerged it and will most likely never will either. I also love how its big-faced, indeed a mans watch in my opinion. If you dont like big watches, this particular watch might not be for you but its exactly what i wanted. Two thumbs up for Puma and its quality of products definitly will be purchasing more puma watches in the future.
B00FMYXPWE Not a small watch I love it.. looks very nice... I'm not the girly girly type and this watch has its girly side but at the same time not.. it says it's small but it's not its a pretty good size watch. A little heavy but I love it.
B00FMYXPWE More impressive than in the pictures It is about 1 3/4 inches across. It is bigger than I thought it would be and I was kind of regretting ordering it because of the pink trim but its merits are greater. I'm glad I bought this watch.
B00FN0IUOA AMAZING! this watch is my best friend i were it all the time...its band is comfortable.i work at a dealer ship so i have to know time and dates all the time and this watch provides both it came in an amazing box with a warranty guide with itmust buy!!!!!
B00GJ2DE2O Outstanding I am a watch fanatic and collect watches. I have over twenty watches and they are all new and working order..
B00GTXOJPE Five Stars nice elegant feminine look watch. very cute
B00HYUADY2 I love this watch I love this watch. Well made and looks great! If you like slightly larger watches this is the watch for you!
